-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 K3vOS7I3bn0v8EbMrQqJ8qyqdkyoT15gbFjchPEdy9932dvEFFP81DAy1GGF05Uw
 LqQytxTNOd1/MfTDvwNTOA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950172-04-003122.txt : 20041227
<SEC-HEADER>0000950172-04-003122.hdr.sgml : 20041224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041227161913
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950172-04-003122
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RCN CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001041858
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				223498533
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1214

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16805
		FILM NUMBER:		041226589

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		105 CARNEGIE CENTER
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540-6215
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6097343700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		105 CARNEGIE CENTER
		STREET 2:		C/O RCN CORP
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540-6215
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>nyc953614.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


                                    FORM 8-K
                                 CURRENT REPORT


                     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934


                      December 27, 2004 (December 21, 2004)
                ------------------------------------------------
                Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)


                                 RCN Corporation
             ------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)


          Delaware                      0-22825                 22-3498533
- ----------------------------     ---------------------    ----------------------
(State or other jurisdiction     (Commission File No.)        (IRS Employer
     of Incorporation)                                    Identification Number)


                               105 Carnegie Center
                            Princeton, NJ 08540-6215
          ------------------------------------------------------------
          (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)


                                 (609) 734-3700
              ----------------------------------------------------
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)


                                 Not Applicable
          -------------------------------------------------------------
          (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)


[ ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
     CFR 230.425)

[ ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
     240.14a-12)

[ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

<PAGE>

Item 1.01  Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

           On December 21, 2004 (the "Effective Date"), the Joint Plan of
Reorganization of RCN Corporation ("RCN" or the "Company") and certain
subsidiaries (the "Plan") under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code
(the "Bankruptcy Code") became effective and the Company, together with its
affiliated debtors and debtors-in-possession, emerged from reorganization
proceedings under the Bankruptcy Code. As reported in the Company's Form 8-K as
filed on December 14, 2004 (the "December 14 8-K"), on December 8, 2004, the
United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the
"Bankruptcy Court") entered a confirmation order approving the Plan. Information
regarding the Plan is contained in the December 14 8-K, and is incorporated
herein by reference and a copy of the press release published on December 22,
2004 announcing the emergence of RCN from bankruptcy is attached hereto as
Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

           On the Effective Date, the Company filed with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation and By-Laws which are attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit
3.2, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference. In addition, pursuant
to the Plan, on the Effective Date, all of the existing securities of RCN,
including the existing common stock, preferred stock and warrants, were
extinguished and deemed cancelled. In accordance with the Plan, the Company (i)
is issuing new Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), and
new warrants (the "Warrants"), which will be distributed as soon as practicable
subject to certain reserves, (ii) issued $125,000,000 aggregate principal amount
of its 7.375% Convertible Second-Lien Notes due 2012 (the "Notes"), (iii)
entered into a First-Lien Credit Agreement (the "First-Lien Credit Agreement"),
dated as of December 21, 2004, with the Administrative Agent (as defined
therein) and certain financial institutions parties thereto, as lenders for a
new $355,000,000 senior secured credit facility with Deutsche Bank Securities
Inc. (the "Credit Facility"), attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated
herein by reference, and (iv) entered into an Amended and Restated Term Loan and
Credit Agreement with HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as agent and
collateral agent and certain financial institutions parties thereto, as lenders,
(the "Amended and Restated Evergreen Facility"), attached hereto as Exhibit 99.3
and incorporated herein by reference.

           On December 27, 2004, the Company filed a Form 8-A (the "8-A") with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") to register the Warrants and
the Common Stock, which is incorporated herein by reference. A description of
(i) the capital stock of the Company, (ii) the terms of the Warrant Agreement
(the "Warrant Agreement"), dated as of December 21, 2004, by and between Company
and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Warrant Agent, (iii) the terms of a
Registration Rights Agreement (the "Registration Rights Agreement"), dated as of
December 21, 2004, by and among the Company and the Stockholders listed on the
signature page thereto, and (iv) other related matters are contained in the 8-A
and are incorporated herein by reference. The Warrant Agreement is attached
hereto as Exhibit 4.1 and incorporated herein by reference. The Registration
Rights Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.2 and incorporated herein by
reference.

                                        2
<PAGE>

           On the Effective Date, in connection with the issuance and sale of
the Notes, the Company entered into the following agreements: (i) a Note
Purchase Agreement (the "Note Purchase Agreement") relating to the purchase of
the Notes, dated as of December 21 2004, by and among the Company, the
Guarantors, as defined therein, and the Purchasers, as defined therein, and
attached hereto as Exhibit 4.3 and incorporated herein by reference, (ii) an
Indenture (the "Indenture") governing the Notes, dated as of December 21, 2004,
by and among the Company and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as indenture
trustee (the "Indenture Trustee"), and attached hereto as Exhibit 4.4 and
incorporated herein by reference, (iii) a Registration Rights Agreement with
respect to the Notes (the "Notes Registration Rights Agreement"), dated as of
December 21, 2004, by and among the Company and the Purchasers, as defined
therein, and attached hereto as Exhibit 4.5 and incorporated herein by
reference, (iv) a Security Agreement (the "Second-Lien Security Agreement"),
dated as of December 21, 2004, by and among the Company, each Subsidiary
Guarantor, as defined therein, and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, as defined
therein, and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.4 and incorporated herein by
reference, (v) a Pledge Agreement (the "Second-Lien Pledge Agreement"), dated as
of December 21, 2004, by and between the Company and each Subsidiary Guarantor
as defined therein, and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.5 and incorporated herein
by reference, (vi) a Subsidiary Guaranty (the "Second-Lien Subsidiary
Guaranty"), dated as of December 21, 2004, made by each of the Guarantors, as
defined therein, and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.6 and incorporated herein by
reference, and (vii) an Intercreditor Agreement (the "Intercreditor Agreement"),
dated as of December 21, 2004, by and between Deutsche Bank Cayman Islands
Branch, as administrative agent ("Administrative Agent"), and HSBC Bank USA,
National Association, as second-lien collateral agent and third-lien collateral
agent, and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.7 and incorporated herein by reference.

           Material terms and conditions of the Notes and the Indenture are
described in Item 2.03 of this Form 8-K.

           On the Effective Date, in connection with the Credit Facility, the
Company entered into the following agreements: (i) the First-Lien Credit
Agreement, (ii) a Security Agreement (the "First-Lien Security Agreement"),
dated as of December 21, 2004, with each Subsidiary Guarantor, as defined
therein, and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.8 and incorporated herein by
reference, (iii) a Pledge Agreement (the "First-Lien Pledge Agreement"), dated
as of December 21, 2004 with each Subsidiary Guarantor as defined therein, and
attached hereto as Exhibit 99.9 and incorporated herein by reference and (iv) a
Subsidiary Guaranty (the "First-Lien Subsidiary Guaranty"), dated as of December
21, 2004, made by each of the Guarantors (as defined therein) in favor of HSBC
Bank USA, National Association, as second-lien collateral agent for the benefit
of the Secured Creditors (as defined therein), and attached hereto as Exhibit
99.10 and incorporated herein by reference.

           In connection with the Amended and Restated Evergreen Facility, the
Company entered into the following agreements: (i) an Amended and Restated Term
Loan and Credit Agreement (the "Third-Lien Credit Agreement") with HSBC Bank
USA, National Association, as agent and collateral agent and certain financial
institutions parties thereto, as lenders, (ii) a Security Agreement (the
"Third-Lien Security Agreement"), dated as of December 21, 2004, with each
Subsidiary Guarantor, as defined therein, and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.11
and incorporated herein by reference, and (iii) a Pledge Agreement (the

                                        3
<PAGE>

"Third-Lien Pledge Agreement"), dated as of December 21, 2004, with each
Subsidiary Guarantor as defined therein, and attached hereto as Exhibit 99.12
and incorporated herein by reference.

           Material terms and conditions of the Credit Facility and the Amended
and Restated Evergreen Facility are described in Item 2.03 of this Form 8-K.

           The information contained in this 8-K, including the exhibits hereto,
do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the
securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in
any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be
unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities law of
any such jurisdiction. The Notes described herein have not been registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any state
securities laws, and unless so registered may not be offered or sold in the
United States, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable
state securities laws. A description of the terms of the Common Stock, Warrants
and Notes are contained in the 8-A and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03  Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an
           Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

           Description of Notes

           As discussed in Item 1.01 of this 8-K, on the Effective Date, the
Company issued the Notes in a transaction exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act. The Notes may not be sold unless registered under the Securities Act or
unless an exemption from registration is available. The aggregate principal
amount of the Notes issued totaled $125,000,000. The Notes are governed by the
Indenture between the Company and the Indenture Trustee. In addition, the
Administrative Agent and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Second-Lien
Collateral Agent and Third-Lien Collateral Agent, have entered into an
Intercreditor Agreement which, among other things, subordinates the liens
securing the Notes to the liens securing the obligations under the First-Lien
Credit Agreement.

           The Notes mature on June 21, 2012, subject, in certain instances, to
earlier repayment in whole or in part. The proceeds from the Notes were used by
the Company to finance, in part, the consummation of the Plan and the payment of
the fees and expenses relating thereto and to the execution and delivery of the
First-Lien Credit Agreement, the Indenture and the Third-Lien Credit Agreement
and the documents related thereto and the consummation of the transactions
related thereto. The Notes are guaranteed by the Guarantors (as defined below)
and the obligations under such guarantee, together with the Company's
obligations under the Notes, are secured by a second priority lien on
substantially the same assets which secure the First-Lien Credit Agreement.

                                        4
<PAGE>

           Description of Credit Facility

           As discussed in Item 1.01 of this 8-K, on the Effective Date, the
Company entered into the First-Lien Credit Agreement with the Administrative
Agent and certain financial institutions parties thereto, as lenders (the
"First-Lien Lenders").

           The First-Lien Credit Agreement provides, among other things, for a
seven-year, $330,000,000 term loan credit facility and a five-year $25,000,000
letter of credit facility, subject, in certain instances, to early repayment in
whole or in part. The proceeds from this credit facility were used by the
Company to finance, in part, the consummation of the Plan and the fees and
expenses relating thereto and to the execution and delivery of the First-Lien
Credit Agreement, the Indenture and the Third-Lien Credit Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions related thereto.

           The obligations of the Company under the First-Lien Credit Agreement
are guaranteed by each of the domestic subsidiaries of the Company
(collectively, the "Guarantors"). As collateral security for the Company's
obligations under the First-Lien Credit Agreement and the guarantees thereof,
the Company and each of the Guarantors has granted to the Administrative Agent,
for the benefit of the First-Lien Lenders, a first priority lien on
substantially all of their tangible and intangible assets, including, without
limitation, pledges of their equity ownership in domestic subsidiaries.

           Description of Amended and Restated Evergreen Facility

           As discussed in Item 1.01 of this 8-K, on the Effective Date, the
Company entered into an Amended and Restated Term Loan and Credit Agreement (the
"Third-Lien Credit Agreement") with HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as
agent and collateral agent (in such capacities, the "Agent") and certain
financial institutions parties thereto, as lenders (the "Third-Lien Lenders").

           The Third-Lien Credit Agreement provides, among other things, for a
seven and three quarter year, approximately $34,430,883 term loan credit
facility, subject, in certain instances, to early repayment in whole or in part.
There were no proceeds (and therefore no application of such proceeds) from this
credit facility because, pursuant to the Plan, it amends indebtedness that was
already outstanding. Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the liens securing
the Third-Lien Credit Agreement are subordinated to the liens securing the
obligations under the First-Lien Credit Agreement and the Notes.

           As collateral security for the Company's obligations under the
Third-Lien Credit Agreement, the Company has granted to the Agent, for the
benefit of the Third-Lien Lenders, a third priority lien on substantially all of
the Company's tangible and intangible assets, including, without limitation,
pledges of its equity ownership in domestic subsidiaries. The Third-Lien Credit
Agreement is not guaranteed by any of the Company's subsidiaries.

                                        5
<PAGE>

Item 5.03  Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws;
           Change in Fiscal Year.

           The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this 8-K is incorporated
herein by reference. The amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
the amended and restated bylaws disclosed therein are effective as of the
Effective Date.


Item 8.01  Other Events

           On the Effective Date, the Company also announced that its indirect
wholly owned subsidiary, RCN Telecom Services of Washington D.C., Inc.,
completed its acquisition of the remaining 50% stake in Starpower
Communications, LLC for $29 million from Pepco Communications, L.L.C. The
Starpower Membership Interest Purchase Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit
10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Statements

           Some of the statements made by RCN in this Current Report on Form 8-K
are forward-looking in nature. Actual results may differ materially from those
projected in forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. RCN
believes that the primary factors include, but are not limited to, availability
of financing, ability to obtain regulatory approvals, uncertainty relating to
economic conditions, ability to attract and retain qualified management and
other personnel, changes in government and regulatory policies, pricing and
availability of equipment, materials, inventory and programming, our ability to
meet the requirements in our franchise agreements, the number of potential
customers in a target market, the completion of acquisitions or divestitures,
acceptance of the Company's services, development and implementation of business
support systems for provisioning and billing, the availability and success of
strategic alliances or relationships, ability to overcome significant operating
losses, RCN's ability to develop and penetrate existing and new markets,
technological developments and changes in the industry, changes in the
competitive environment in which RCN operates and ability to produce sufficient
cash flow. Additional information concerning these and other important factors
can be found in the Company's filings with the SEC. Statements in this filing
and the exhibits should be evaluated in light of these important factors.


Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits.

      (a)  Exhibits

           Exhibit 3.1      Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
                            RCN Corporation, dated as of December 21, 2004.

           Exhibit 3.2      Amended and Restated Bylaws of RCN Corporation.

           Exhibit 4.1      Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, by
                            and between RCN Corporation and HSBC Bank USA,
                            National Association as Warrant Agent.

           Exhibit 4.2      Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of
                            December 21, 2004, by and between RCN Corporation
                            and the Stockholders listed on the signature pages
                            thereto.

                                        6
<PAGE>

           Exhibit 4.3      Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 21,
                            2004, by and among RCN Corporation, the Guarantors
                            listed on the signature pages thereto and the
                            Purchasers listed in Schedule I and Schedule II
                            thereto.

           Exhibit 4.4      Indenture, dated as of December 21, 2004, by and
                            among RCN Corporation and HSBC Bank USA, National
                            Association.

           Exhibit 4.5      Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December
                            21, 2004, by and between RCN Corporation and the
                            Purchasers listed in Schedule I and Schedule II
                            thereto.

           Exhibit 10.1     Starpower Membership Interest Purchase Agreement,
                            dated as of December 21, 2004, made by and between
                            RCN Telecom Services of Washington, D.C., Inc. and
                            Pepco Communications, L.L.C.

           Exhibit 99.1     Press release announcing emergence of RCN
                            Corporation from Bankruptcy published December 22,
                            2004.

           Exhibit 99.2     Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, by
                            and among the Company, the lenders party thereto and
                            Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch, as
                            administrative agent.

           Exhibit 99.3     Amended and Restated Term Loan and Credit Agreement,
                            dated as of December 21, 2004, by and among RCN
                            Corporation, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as
                            agent and collateral agent and certain financial
                            institutions parties thereto, as lenders.

           Exhibit 99.4     Security Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004,
                            made by the Company and each Guarantor in favor of
                            the Second-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of
                            the Secured Creditors (as defined therein).

           Exhibit 99.5     Pledge Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004,
                            made by RCN Corporation and each Guarantor in favor
                            of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit
                            of the Secured Creditors (as defined therein).

           Exhibit 99.6     Subsidiary Guaranty, dated as of December 21, 2004,
                            made by each of the Guarantors (as defined therein)
                            in favor of the Agent (as defined therein) for the
                            benefit of the Secured Creditors (as defined
                            therein).

           Exhibit 99.7     Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of December 21,
                            2004, by and between Deutsche Bank Cayman Islands
                            Branch, as Administrative Agent, and HSBC Bank USA,
                            National Association, as Second-Lien Collateral
                            Agent and Third-lien Collateral Agent.

                                        7
<PAGE>

           Exhibit 99.8     Security Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004,
                            made by each of the Loan Parties (as defined
                            therein) in favor of Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands
                            Branch, the first-lien collateral agent.

           Exhibit 99.9     Pledge Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004,
                            made by each of the Loan Parties (as defined
                            therein) in favor of Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands
                            Branch, as first-lien collateral agent for the
                            benefit of the Secured Creditors (as defined
                            therein).

           Exhibit 99.10    Subsidiary Guaranty, dated as of December 21, 2004,
                            made by each of the Guarantors (as defined therein)
                            in favor of HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as
                            second-lien collateral agent for the benefit of the
                            Secured Creditors (as defined therein).

           Exhibit 99.11    Security Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004,
                            made by RCN Corporation in favor of the Third-Lien
                            Collateral Agent.

           Exhibit 99.12    Pledge Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004,
                            made by RCN Corporation in favor of HSBC Bank USA,
                            National Association, as Third-Lien Collateral Agent
                            for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as defined
                            therein).

                                        8
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES


           Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                              RCN CORPORATION


                                              By: /s/ Deborah M. Royster
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                  Name:  Deborah M. Royster
                                                  Title: Senior Vice President,
                                                         General Counsel and
                                                         Corporate Secretary

Date: December 27, 2004

                                        9
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX


Exhibit
  No.
- -------

Exhibit 3.1       Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of RCN
                  Corporation, dated as of December 21, 2004.

Exhibit 3.2       Amended and Restated Bylaws of RCN Corporation.

Exhibit 4.1       Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, by and
                  between RCN Corporation and HSBC Bank USA, National
                  Association as Warrant Agent.

Exhibit 4.2       Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004,
                  by and between RCN Corporation and the Stockholders listed on
                  the signature pages thereto.

Exhibit 4.3       Note Purchase Agreement for the 7.375% Convertible
                  Second-Lien Notes due 2012, dated as of December 21, 2004, by
                  and among RCN Corporation, the Guarantors listed on the
                  signature pages thereto and the Purchasers listed on the
                  signature pages thereto.

Exhibit 4.4       Indenture, dated as of December 21, 2004, by and among RCN
                  Corporation and HSBC Bank USA, National Association.

Exhibit 4.5       Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004,
                  by and between RCN Corporation and the Purchasers listed on
                  the signature pages thereto.

Exhibit 10.1      Starpower Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of
                  December 21, 2004, made by and between RCN Telecom Services of
                  Washington, D.C., Inc. and Pepco Communications, L.L.C.

Exhibit 99.1      Press release announcing emergence of RCN Corporation from
                  Bankruptcy published December 22, 2004.

Exhibit 99.2      Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, among the
                  Company, the lenders party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG Cayman
                  Islands Branch, as administrative agent.

Exhibit 99.3      Amended and Restated Term Loan and Credit Agreement, dated as
                  of December 21, 2004, by and between RCN Corporation, HSBC
                  Bank USA, National Association, as agent and collateral agent
                  and certain financial institutions parties thereto, as
                  lenders.

Exhibit 99.4      Security Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, made by the
                  Company and each Guarantor in favor of the Second-Lien
                  Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as
                  defined therein).

                                       10
<PAGE>

Exhibit 99.5      Pledge Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, made by RCN
                  Corporation and each Guarantor in favor of the Second-Lien
                  Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as
                  defined therein).

Exhibit 99.6      Subsidiary Guaranty, dated as of December 21, 2004, made by
                  each of the Guarantors (as defined therein) in favor of the
                  Agent (as defined therein) for the benefit of the Secured
                  Creditors (as defined therein).

Exhibit 99.7      Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, by and
                  between Deutsche Bank Cayman Islands Branch, as Administrative
                  Agent, and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Second-Lien
                  Collateral Agent and Third-lien Collateral Agent.

Exhibit 99.8      Security Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, made by
                  each of the Loan Parties (as defined therein) in favor of
                  Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch, the first-lien
                  collateral agent.

Exhibit 99.9      Pledge Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, made by each
                  of the Loan Parties (as defined therein) in favor of Deutsche
                  Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch, as first-lien collateral agent
                  for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as defined therein).

Exhibit 99.10     Subsidiary Guaranty, dated as of December 21, 2004, made by
                  each of the Guarantors (as defined therein) in favor of HSBC
                  Bank USA, National Association, as second-lien collateral
                  agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as defined
                  therein).

Exhibit 99.11     Security Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, made by RCN
                  Corporation in favor of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent.

Exhibit 99.12     Pledge Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, made by RCN
                  Corporation in favor of HSBC Bank USA, National Association,
                  as Third-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured
                  Creditors (as defined therein).

                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.(I)
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>rcn_charter.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1 - CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
<TEXT>

                                                                   Exhibit 3.1


               AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                      OF

                                RCN CORPORATION

                                   * * * * *

                  RCN Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Corporation")
hereby certifies as follows:

                  1. The name of the Corporation is RCN Corporation. The date
of the filing of its original Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary
of State was February 19, 1997.

                  2. On May 27, 2004, RCN Corporation and certain of its
affiliates filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of title 11
of the United States Code (the "Bankruptcy Code") in the United States
Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the "Bankruptcy
Court") (Case No. 04-13638). This Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation has been duly adopted in accordance with Sections 245 and 303 of
the DGCL, pursuant to the authority granted to the Corporation under Section
303 of the DGCL to put into effect and carry out the Joint Plan of
Reorganization under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code of RCN
Corporation, et al. (the "Plan"), as confirmed on December 8, 2004 by order
(the "Order") of the Bankruptcy Court. Provision for the making of this
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is contained in the Order of
the Bankruptcy Court having jurisdiction under the Bankruptcy Code for the
formation of the Corporation.

                  3. The text of the Certificate of Incorporation as hereby
and heretofore amended or supplemented is hereby restated to read as herein
set forth in full:

                  FIRST:  The name of the Corporation is RCN Corporation.

                  SECOND: The address of its registered office in the State of
Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, in the City of
Wilmington, County of New Castle. The name of its registered agent at such
address is The Corporation Trust Company.

                  THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any
lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as the same exists or may
hereafter be amended ("Delaware Law" or "DGCL").

                  FOURTH: (a) Authorized Shares. The total number of shares of
capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is
120,000,000, consisting of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01
per share (the "Common Stock"), and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par
value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock"). Pursuant to Section 1123 of the
Bankruptcy Code, notwithstanding any other provision contained herein to the
contrary, the Corporation shall not issue non-voting equity securities.

                  (b) Common Stock. All shares of Common Stock will be
identical with respect to the rights and privileges to which the holders
thereof are entitled, except as otherwise provided herein.

                  (1) Voting Rights. Except as set forth herein or as
     otherwise required by law, each holder of an outstanding share of Common
     Stock shall be entitled to vote on each matter on which the stockholders
     of the Corporation shall be entitled to vote, including the election of
     directors, and each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote
     for each share of Common Stock held by such holder.

                  (2) Dividends and Distributions. Subject to the prior rights
     of holders of all classes of stock at the time outstanding having prior
     rights as to dividends, the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the
     "Board of Directors") may cause dividends to be paid to the holders of
     shares of Common Stock out of funds legally available for the payment of
     dividends by declaring an amount per share as a dividend. When and as
     dividends or other distributions (including without limitation any grant
     or distribution of rights to subscribe for or purchase shares of capital
     stock or securities or indebtedness convertible into capital stock of the
     Corporation) are declared, whether payable in cash, in property or in
     shares of stock of the corporation, the holders of Common Stock shall be
     entitled to share equally, share for share, in such dividends or other
     distributions.

                  (3) No Preemptive Rights. The holders of shares of Common
     Stock shall have no preemptive or preferential rights of subscription to
     any shares of any class of capital stock of the Corporation or any
     securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of any class of
     capital stock of the Corporation.

                  (4) Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors is hereby
     empowered to authorize by resolution or resolutions from time to time the
     issuance of one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock and to fix
     the designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating,
     optional or other rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations or
     restrictions thereof, if any, with respect to each such class or series
     of Preferred Stock and the number of shares constituting each such class
     or series, and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any such
     class or series to the extent permitted by the Delaware Law.

                  FIFTH: (a) The business and affairs of the Corporation shall
be managed by or under the direction of a Board of Directors consisting of not
less than three nor more than fifteen directors, the exact number of directors
to be determined from time to time solely by resolution adopted by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors.

                  (b) Each director shall serve for a one-year term ending on
the date of the annual meeting of stockholders next following the annual
meeting at which such director was elected. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
each director shall hold office until such director's successor shall have
been duly elected and qualified or until such director's earlier death,
resignation or removal. In no event will a decrease in the number of directors
shorten the term of any incumbent director.

                  (c) There shall be no cumulative voting in the election of
directors. Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the
bylaws of the Corporation so provide.

                  (d) Vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from
death, resignation, removal or otherwise and newly created directorships
resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall be filled solely
by a majority of the directors then in office (even if less than a quorum) or
by the sole remaining director; provided, however, that a vacancy in any
directorship elected by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock (a "Class
Director") shall be filled solely by such holders.

                  (e) Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of
Preferred Stock as set forth in this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation to remove a Class Director under specified circumstances, no
director may be removed from office by the stockholders except for cause with
the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the total
voting power of all outstanding securities of the corporation then entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single
class.

                  SIXTH: A majority of the directors on the Board of Directors
shall be independent. An "independent" director shall mean a person other than
an officer or employee of the Corporation or its subsidiaries or any other
individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the Corporation's
Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The following persons
shall not be considered independent:

                  (a) a director who is, or at any time during the past three
years was, employed by the Corporation or by any parent or subsidiary of the
Corporation;

                  (b) a director who accepted or who has a spouse, parent,
child or sibling (whether by blood, marriage or adoption) or who has a person
residing in their home (collectively, a "Family Member") who accepted any
payments from the Corporation or any parent or subsidiary of the Corporation
in excess of $60,000 during the current or any of the past three fiscal years,
other than the following:

                  (1) compensation for board or board committee service;

                  (2) payments arising solely from investments in the
     Corporation's securities;

                  (3) compensation paid to a Family Member who is a
     non-executive employee of the Corporation or a parent or subsidiary of
     the Corporation;

                  (4) benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan, or
     non-discretionary compensation; or

                  (5) loans permitted under Section 13(k) of the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

                  (c) a director who is a Family Member of an individual who
is, or at any time during the past three years was, employed by the
Corporation or by any parent or subsidiary of the Corporation as an executive
officer;

                  (d) a director who is, or has a Family Member who is, a
partner in, or a controlling shareholder or an executive officer of, any
organization to which the Corporation made, or from which the Corporation
received, payments for property or services in the current or any of the past
three fiscal years that exceed 5% of the recipient's consolidated gross
revenues for that year, or $200,000, whichever is more, other than the
following:

                  (1) payments arising solely from investments in the
     Corporation's securities; or

                  (2) payments under non-discretionary charitable contribution
     matching programs.

                  (e) a director of the Corporation who is, or has a Family
Member who is, employed as an executive officer of another entity where at any
time during the past three years any of the executive officers of the
Corporation served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or

                  (f) a director who is, or has a Family Member who is, a
current partner of the Corporation's outside auditor, or was a partner or
employee of the Corporation's outside auditor who worked on the Corporation's
audit at any time during any of the past three years.

                  SEVENTH: The Board of Directors shall have the power to
adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation.

                  EIGHTH: (a) Subject to the rights of the holders of any
series of Preferred Stock as set forth in this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to elect or remove a Class Director or to consent
to specific actions taken by the Corporation, any action required or permitted
to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly
called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and may
not be effected by any consent in writing in lieu of a meeting of the
stockholders.

                  (b) Special meetings of the stockholders may be called by
the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Chief
Executive Officer of the Corporation and may not be called by any other person
or persons.

                  NINTH: (a) A director of the Corporation shall not be liable
to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware Law.

                  (b) (1) Each person (and the heirs, executors or
administrators of such person) who was or is a party or is threatened to be
made a party to, or is involved in any threatened, pending or completed action,
suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative,
by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the
Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a
director or officer of another corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall be indemnified and
held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware
Law. The right to indemnification conferred in this ARTICLE NINTH shall also
include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in
connection with any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition to the
fullest extent authorized by Delaware Law. The right to indemnification
conferred in this ARTICLE NINTH shall be a contract right.

                  (2) The Corporation may, by action of its Board of Directors,
         provide indemnification to such of the employees and agents of the
         Corporation, and to such persons serving at the request of the
         Corporation as an employee or agent of another corporation,
         partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other
         enterprise, to such extent and to such effect as the Board of
         Directors shall determine to be appropriate and authorized by Delaware
         Law.

                  (c) The Corporation shall have the power to purchase and
maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of
the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss incurred by such person
in any such capacity or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the
Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under
Delaware Law.

                  (d) The rights and authority conferred in this ARTICLE NINTH
shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may otherwise have
or hereafter acquire.

                  (e) Neither the amendment nor repeal of this ARTICLE NINTH,
nor the adoption of any provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or the
bylaws of the Corporation, nor, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware
Law, any modification of law, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this
ARTICLE NINTH in respect of any acts or omissions occurring prior to such
amendment, repeal, adoption or modification.

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed this
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of RCN Corporation this 21st
day of December, 2004.


                                   RCN CORPORATION


                                   By: /s/ Deborah M. Royster
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Deborah M. Royster
                                       Title: Senior Vice President, General
                                              Counsel & Corporate Secretary


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.(II)
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>rcn_bylaws.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2 - BYLAWS
<TEXT>

                                                                   Exhibit 3.2

                             AMENDED AND RESTATED

                                    BYLAWS

                                      OF

                                RCN CORPORATION

                                   * * * * *

                                  ARTICLE I

                                    OFFICES

         Section 1. Registered Office. The registered office shall be in the
City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware.

         Section 2. Other Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at
such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board
of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the
Corporation may require.

         Section 3. Books. The books of the Corporation may be kept within or
without of the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to
time determine or the business of the Corporation may require.

                                  ARTICLE II

                           MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

         Section 1. Time and Place of Meetings. All meetings of stockholders
shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware,
on such date and at such time as may be determined from time to time by the
Board of Directors (or the Chairman in the absence of a designation by the
Board of Directors).

         Section 2. Annual Meetings. Annual meetings of stockholders,
commencing with the year 2005, shall be held to elect directors and transact
such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.

         Section 3. Special Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders may be
called by the Board of Directors, the Chairman or the Chief Executive Officer
of the Corporation and may not be called by any other person.

         Section 4. Notice of Meetings and Adjourned Meetings; Waivers of
Notice; Business at Meetings. (a) Whenever stockholders are required or
permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting
shall be given which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, and,
in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the
meeting is called. Unless otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware as the same exists or may hereafter be amended
("Delaware Law"), such notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60
days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to
vote at such meeting. Unless these bylaws otherwise require, when a meeting is
adjourned to another time or place (whether or not a quorum is present),
notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place
thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the
adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have
been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than
30 days, or after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned
meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder
of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

              (b) A written waiver of any such notice signed by the person
entitled thereto, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be
deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall
constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends
the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the
meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not
lawfully called or convened.

              (c) Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders
shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

         Section 5. Quorum. Unless otherwise provided under the certificate of
incorporation or these bylaws and subject to Delaware Law, the presence, in
person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding capital
stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. A quorum, once
established, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave
less than a quorum. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or
represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to
vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall have the power to adjourn
the meeting from time to time, in the manner provided in Section 4, until a
quorum shall be present or represented.

         Section 6. Voting. (a) Unless otherwise provided in the certificate
of incorporation and subject to Delaware Law, each stockholder shall be
entitled to one vote for each outstanding share of capital stock of the
Corporation held by such stockholder. Unless otherwise provided in Delaware
Law, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the affirmative vote of
a majority of the total number of votes of the shares of capital stock of the
Corporation present, in person or by proxy, at a meeting of stockholders and
entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders,
other than with respect to the election of directors. Except as otherwise
provided in the certificate of incorporation and these bylaws, directors shall
be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at the meeting and entitled to
vote on the election of directors.

              (b) Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of
stockholders or to express consent or dissent to a corporate action in writing
without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him by
proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after one year from its
date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period.

         Section 7. Organization. At each meeting of stockholders, the
Chairman, if one shall have been elected, (or in his absence or if one shall
not have been elected, the Chief Executive Officer) shall act as chairman of
the meeting. The Secretary (or in his absence or inability to act, the person
whom the chairman of the meeting shall appoint secretary of the meeting) shall
act as secretary of the meeting and keep the minutes thereof.

         Section 8. Order of Business. The order of business at all meetings
of stockholders shall be as determined by the chairman of the meeting.

         Section 9. Notice of Business. At any meeting of the stockholders,
only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the
meeting (a) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (b) in the
case of an annual meeting of stockholders, by any stockholder of the
Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of the notice
provided for in this Section 9, who shall be entitled to vote at such meeting
and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 9 and
such business must be a proper subject for stockholder action under the
Delaware General Corporation Law. For business to be properly brought before
an annual meeting of stockholders by a stockholder, the stockholder must have
given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the Corporation. To
be timely, a stockholder's notice shall be delivered to or mailed and received
at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than 60 days
nor more than 90 days prior to the meeting; provided, however, that in the
event that less than 70 days' notice or prior public disclosure of the date of
the meeting is given or made to stockholders, notice by the stockholder to be
timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th
day following the day on which such notice of the date of the meeting or such
public disclosure was given or made, whichever first occurs. A stockholder's
notice to the secretary shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder
proposes to bring before the meeting (a) a brief description of the business
desired to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such
business at the meeting, (b) the name and address, as they appear on the
Corporation's books, of the stockholder proposing such business, (c) the class
and number of shares of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by the
stockholder and (d) any material interest of the stockholder in such business.
Notwithstanding anything in the bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be
conducted at a stockholder meeting except in accordance with the procedures
set forth in this Section 9, and no business shall be brought by a stockholder
before a special meeting of stockholders. The chairman of the meeting shall,
if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was
not properly brought before the meeting and in accordance with the provisions
of the bylaws, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the
meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall
not be transacted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, provisions of this Section
9, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations thereunder with
respect to the matters set forth in this Section 9.

         Section 10. Nomination of Directors. Only persons who are nominated
in accordance with the procedures set forth in these bylaws shall be eligible
to serve as directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of
Directors of the Corporation may be made at a meeting of stockholders (a) by
or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (b) by any stockholder of the
Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice
provided for in this Section 10, who shall be entitled to vote for the
election of directors at the meeting and who complies with the notice
procedures set forth in this Section 10. Such nominations, other than those
made by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, shall be made pursuant
to timely notice in writing to the secretary of the Corporation. To be timely,
a stockholder's notice shall be delivered to or mailed and received at the
principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than 60 days nor more
than 90 days prior to the meeting; provided, however, that in the event that
less than 70 days' notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the
meeting is given or made to stockholders, notice by the stockholder to be
timely must be so received not later than the close of business on the 10th
day following the day on which such notice of the date of the meeting or such
public disclosure was given or made, whichever first occurs. Such
stockholder's notice shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the
stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director all
information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in
solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required,
in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (including such person's written consent to being named in the proxy
statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); and (b) as to
the stockholder giving the notice (i) the name and address, as they appear on
the Corporation's books, of such stockholder, (ii) the class and number of
shares of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by such stockholder,
(iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such
stockholder and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons
(including their names and addresses) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are
to be made by such stockholder and (iv) any other information relating to such
stockholder that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for
election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to
Section 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. At the request of the
Board of Directors, any person nominated by the Board of Directors for
election as a director shall furnish to the secretary of the Corporation that
information required to be set forth in a stockholder's notice of nomination
which pertains to the nominee. No person shall be eligible to serve as a
director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures
set forth in this bylaw. The chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts
warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made
in accordance with the procedures prescribed by the bylaws, and if he should
so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and the defective nomination
shall be disregarded. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section
10, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and regulations thereunder with
respect to the matters set forth in this Section.



                                 ARTICLE III

                                   DIRECTORS

         Section 1. General Powers. Except as otherwise provided in Delaware
Law or the certificate of incorporation, the business and affairs of the
Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of
Directors.

         Section 2. Number, Classes, Term of Office, etc. The Board of
Directors shall consist of not less than three nor more than fifteen
directors, with the exact number of directors to be determined from time to
time solely by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
entire Board of Directors. Except as otherwise provided in the certificate of
incorporation, each director shall serve for a one-year term ending on the
date of the annual meeting of stockholders next following the annual meeting
at which such director was elected. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each
director shall hold office until such director's successor shall have been
duly elected and qualified or until such director's earlier death, resignation
or removal. In no event will a decrease in the number of directors shorten the
term of any incumbent director. Directors need not be stockholders.

         Section 3. Quorum and Manner of Acting. Unless the certificate of
incorporation or these bylaws require a greater number, 50% of the total
number of directors serving as directors shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business, and the affirmative vote of a majority of the
directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act
of the Board of Directors. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or
place (whether or not a quorum is present), notice need not be given of the
adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting
at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Board of
Directors may transact any business which might have been transacted at the
original meeting. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board
of Directors, the directors present at such meeting may adjourn the meeting,
from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting,
until a quorum shall be present.

         Section 4. Time and Place of Meetings. The Board of Directors shall
hold its meetings at such place, either within or without the State of
Delaware, and at such time as may be determined from time to time by the Board
of Directors (or the Chairman in the absence of a determination by the Board
of Directors).

         Section 5. Annual Meeting. The Board of Directors shall meet for the
purpose of electing officers and transacting other business, as soon as
practicable after each annual meeting of stockholders, on the same day and at
the same place where such annual meeting shall be held. Notice of such meeting
need not be given. In the event such annual meeting is not so held, the annual
meeting of the Board of Directors may be held at such place either within or
without the State of Delaware, on such date and at such time as shall be
specified in a notice thereof given as hereinafter provided in Section 7 of
this Article III or in a waiver of notice thereof signed by any director who
chooses to waive the requirement of notice.

         Section 6. Regular Meetings. After the place and time of regular
meetings of the Board of Directors shall have been determined and notice
thereof shall have been once given to each member of the Board of Directors,
regular meetings may be held without further notice being given.

         Section 7. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of
Directors may be called by the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer or the
President and shall be called by the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer,
the President or the Secretary on the written request of three directors.
Notice of special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be given to each
director at least three days before the date of the meeting in such manner as
is determined by the Board of Directors.

         Section 8. Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required by law,
the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws to be given to any director
or member of a committee, a waiver thereof in writing, signed, by the person
or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated
therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a
meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where the
person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the
beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the
meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

         Section 9. Committees. The Board of Directors shall elect from the
directors an executive committee, a compensation committee and an audit
committee and may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board,
designate one or more other committees, each committee to consist of one or
more of the directors of the Corporation. Each committee shall keep regular
minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board of Directors when
required. The specific powers and duties of the executive committee, the
compensation committee and the audit committee are set forth below:

              (a) The executive committee shall consist of not less than 3 and
not more than 6 members as shall be determined by the Board of Directors in
addition to the Chairman, who by virtue of his office shall be a member of the
executive committee and chairman thereof. To the fullest extent permitted by
Delaware Law, the executive committee shall have all the powers of the Board
of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation
at all times when the Board of Directors is not in session.

              (b) The compensation committee shall consist of such number of
members as shall be determined by the Board of Directors, shall make
recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding compensation and benefits
and shall have such other duties as determined by the Board of Directors.

              (c) The audit committee shall consist of such number of members
as shall be determined by the Board of Directors, shall make recommendations
to the Board of Directors regarding the auditing of the Corporation's books
and records, the audit process and the Corporation's independent public
accountants and shall have such other duties as determined by the Board of
Directors. None of the members of the audit committee shall be directly
involved in the supervision or management of the financial affairs of this
Corporation or any of its subsidiaries.

         Section 10. Action by Consent. Unless otherwise restricted by the
certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee
thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board or
committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic
transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or
transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or
committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in
paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in
electronic form.

         Section 11. Telephonic Meetings. Unless otherwise restricted by the
certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, members of the Board of
Directors, or any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of the Board
of Directors, or such committee, as the case may be, by means of conference
telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons
participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a
meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

         Section 12. Resignation. Any director may resign at any time by
giving written notice to the Board of Directors or to the Secretary of the
Corporation. The resignation of any director shall take effect upon receipt of
notice thereof or at such later time as shall be specified in such notice; and
unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall
not be necessary to make it effective.

         Section 13. Vacancies. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate
of incorporation, vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death,
resignation, removal or otherwise and newly created directorships resulting
from any increase in the number of directors may be filled solely by a
majority of the directors then in office (even if less than a quorum) or by
the sole remaining director. Each director so elected shall hold office for a
term that shall coincide with the term of the Class to which such director
shall have been elected. If there are no directors in office, then an election
of directors may be held in accordance with Delaware Law. Unless otherwise
provided in the certificate of incorporation, when one or more directors shall
resign from the Board, effective at a future date, a majority of the directors
then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have the power to
fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such
resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each director so
chosen shall hold office as provided in the filling of other vacancies.

         Section 14. Removal. No director may be removed from office by the
stockholders except for cause with the affirmative vote of the holders of not
less than a majority of the total voting power of all outstanding securities
of the corporation then entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors, voting together as a single class.

         Section 15. Compensation. Unless otherwise restricted by the
certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, the Board of Directors shall
have authority to fix the compensation of directors, including fees and
reimbursement of expenses.

                                  ARTICLE IV

                                   OFFICERS

         Section 1. Principal Officers. The principal officers of the
Corporation shall be a Chairman, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a
President of Technology, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and a
Secretary who shall have the duty, among other things, to record the
proceedings of the meetings of stockholders and directors in a book kept for
that purpose. The Corporation may also have such other principal officers,
including one or more Controllers, as the Board may in its discretion appoint.
One person may hold the offices and perform the duties of any two or more of
said offices, except that no one person shall hold the offices and perform the
duties of President and Secretary.

         Section 2. Election and Term of Office. The principal officers of the
Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at the annual
meeting thereof. Each such officer shall hold office until his successor is
elected and qualified, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. Any
vacancy in any office shall be filled in such manner as the Board of Directors
shall determine.

         Section 3. Subordinate Officers. In addition to the principal
officers enumerated in Section 1 of this Article IV, the Corporation may have
one or more Assistant Treasurers, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant
Controllers and such other subordinate officers, agents and employees as the
Board of Directors may deem necessary, each of whom shall hold office for such
period as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The Board of
Directors may delegate to any principal officer the power to appoint and to
remove any such subordinate officers, agents or employees.

         Section 4. Removal. Any officer may be removed, with or without
cause, at any time, by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors.

         Section 5. Resignations. Any officer may resign at any time by giving
written notice to the Board of Directors (or to a principal officer if the
Board of Directors has delegated to such principal officer the power to
appoint and to remove such officer). The resignation of any officer shall take
effect upon receipt of notice thereof or at such later time as shall be
specified in such notice; and unless otherwise specified therein, the
acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

         Section 6. Chairman. The Chairman shall preside at all meetings of
the Board of Directors and of shareholders, shall be responsible for the
observation by the Corporation of these by-laws and shall have such other
duties as shall be set forth in the resolution of the Board by which the
appointment of the Chairman is made.

         Section 7. Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall
have general supervision over the business and operations of the Corporation
and may perform any act and execute any instrument for the conduct of such
business and operations. In the Chairman's absence, the Chief Executive
Officer shall preside at all meetings of the Board and of the shareholders.

         Section 8. Powers and Duties of Other Officers. The other officers of
the Corporation shall have such powers and perform such duties incident to
each of their respective offices and such other duties as may from time to
time be conferred upon or assigned to them by the Board of Directors.

                                  ARTICLE V

                              GENERAL PROVISIONS

         Section 1. Fixing the Record Date. (a) In order that the Corporation
may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting
of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix a
record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the
resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and
which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the
date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors,
the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote
at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day
preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the
close of business on the day preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A
determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a
meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting;
provided that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the
adjourned meeting.

              (b) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders
entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment
of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect
of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any
other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which
record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the
record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days
prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for
determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of
business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution
relating thereto.

         Section 2. Dividends. Subject to limitations contained in Delaware
Law and the certificate of incorporation, the Board of Directors may declare
and pay dividends upon the shares of capital stock of the Corporation, which
dividends may be paid in cash, in property or in shares of the capital stock
of the Corporation.

         Section 3. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall
commence on January 1 and end on December 31 of each year.

         Section 4. Corporate Seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed
thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the
words "Corporate Seal, Delaware". The seal may be used by causing it or a
facsimile thereof to be impressed, affixed or otherwise reproduced.

         Section 5. Voting of Stock Owned by the Corporation. The Board of
Directors may authorize any person, on behalf of the Corporation, to attend,
vote at and grant proxies to be used at any meeting of stockholders of any
corporation (except this Corporation) in which the Corporation may hold stock.

         Section 6. Amendments. These bylaws or any of them, may be altered,
amended or repealed, or new bylaws may be made, by the Board of Directors or
by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the
total voting power of all outstanding securities of the Corporation then
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a
single class.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>nyc7-915159.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1 - WARRANT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                   Exhibit 4.1

==============================================================================

                               WARRANT AGREEMENT

                         Dated as of December 21, 2004

                                by and between

                                RCN CORPORATION

                                      and

                      HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

                               as Warrant Agent

==============================================================================

<PAGE>

                               WARRANT AGREEMENT

                             TABLE OF CONTENTS(1)

                                                                            Page

SECTION 1.   Appointment of Warrant Agent......................................1

SECTION 2.   Warrant Certificates..............................................2

SECTION 3.   Issuance of Warrants..............................................2

SECTION 4.   Execution of Warrant Certificates.................................2

SECTION 5.   Registration and Countersignature.................................2

SECTION 6.   Registration of Transfers and Exchanges...........................3

SECTION 7.   Terms of Warrants; Exercise of Warrants...........................3

SECTION 8.   Payment of Taxes..................................................5

SECTION 9.   Mutilated or Missing Warrant Certificates.........................6

SECTION 10.  Reservation of Shares of the New Common Stock.....................6

SECTION 11.  Obtaining Stock Exchange Listings.................................7

SECTION 12.  Adjustment of Exercise Price and Number of Shares of the
             New Common Stock Issuable.........................................7

             (a)   Adjustment for Change in Capital Stock......................7
             (b)   Adjustment for Rights Issue.................................8
             (c)   Adjustment for Other Distributions..........................9
             (d)   Current Market Price.......................................10
             (e)   When De Minimis Adjustment May Be Deferred.................10
             (f)   When No Adjustment Required................................10
             (g)   Notice of Adjustment.......................................11
             (h)   Consolidation, Merger, Sale, Recapitalization or
                   Reorganization of the Company..............................11
             (i)   The Company Determination Final............................12
             (j)   Warrant Agent's Disclaimer.................................12
             (k)   When Issuance or Payment May Be Deferred...................12
             (l)   Adjustment in Number of Shares.............................13
             (m)   Form of Warrants...........................................13

SECTION 13.  Priority Adjustments, Further Actions............................14

SECTION 14.  Fractional Interests.............................................14

- ---------

(1)  This Table of Contents does not constitute a part of this Warrant
     Agreement or have any bearing upon the interpretation of any of its terms
     or provisions.

                                      i
<PAGE>

SECTION 15.  Notices to Warrant Holders.......................................14

SECTION 16.  Merger, Consolidation or Change of Name of Warrant Agent.........16

SECTION 17.  Warrant Agent....................................................16

SECTION 18.  Expenses

SECTION 19.  Change of Warrant Agent..........................................19

SECTION 20.  Notices to the Company and Warrant Agent.........................20

SECTION 21.  Supplements and Amendments.......................................21

SECTION 22.  Successors.......................................................21

SECTION 23.  Termination......................................................21

SECTION 24.  Governing Law; Jurisdiction......................................21

SECTION 25.  Benefits of this Warrant Agreement...............................21

SECTION 26.  Counterparts.....................................................22

SECTION 27.  Further Assurances...............................................22

SECTION 28.  Entire Agreement.................................................22


EXHIBIT A - Form of Warrant Certificate......................................A-1

                                      ii
<PAGE>

         WARRANT AGREEMENT (this "Warrant Agreement") dated as of December 21,
2004, between RCN CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and
HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as
Warrant Agent (the "Warrant Agent").

         WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Joint
Reorganization Plan of RCN Corporation and Certain Subsidiaries, dated October
12, 2004, as may be amended and restated from time to time (the "Plan")
relating to the reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Reform Act
of 1978, as codified in Title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. ss.ss.
101-1330 (the "Bankruptcy Code") of RCN Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("Old RCN") and certain of its subsidiaries, the holders of (i) the Series A
Preferred Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock (collectively, the "Old
Preferred Stock") issued by Old RCN and (ii) the common stock issued by Old
RCN (the "Old Common Stock") will receive warrants (the "Warrants") that are
exercisable, within the two-year period beginning on the date of consummation
of the Plan (the "Plan Effective Date"), into a number of shares of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the "New Common Stock"),
representing, in the aggregate, 735,119 shares of New Common Stock;

         WHEREAS, the Warrants are being offered pursuant to, and upon the
terms and conditions set forth in, the Plan in an offering in reliance on the
exemption afforded by section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), and of any applicable state securities or "blue sky" laws;

         WHEREAS, the Company desires the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of
the Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing so to act, in connection with
the issuance of Warrant certificates and other matters as provided herein; and

         WHEREAS, for purposes of this Warrant Agreement, "person" shall be
interpreted broadly to include an individual, corporation, partnership, joint
venture, association, joint stock company, limited liability company, limited
liability partnership, national banking association, trust, trustee, estate,
unincorporated organization, government, governmental unit, agency, or
political subdivision thereof, or other entity.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
agreements herein set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

         SECTION 1. Appointment of Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints
the Warrant Agent to act as warrant agent for the Company in accordance with
the express (and no implied) instructions set forth hereinafter in this
Warrant Agreement, and the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment.

<PAGE>

         SECTION 2. Warrant Certificates. The certificates evidencing the
Warrants to be delivered pursuant to this Warrant Agreement shall be in
registered form only and shall be substantially in the form set forth in
Exhibit A attached hereto ("Warrant Certificates") and may have such letters,
numbers, or other marks of identification or designation and such legends or
endorsements printed, lithographed or engraved thereon as the officers of the
Company executing the same may approve (with execution thereof to be
conclusive evidence of such approval) and as are not inconsistent with the
provisions of this Warrant Agreement, or as may be required to comply with any
applicable law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with
any rule or regulation of any exchange, inter-dealer quotation system or
regulated quotation service on which the Warrants may be listed or quoted, as
the case may be.

         SECTION 3. Issuance of Warrants. Upon issuance in accordance with
Section 5, each Warrant Certificate shall evidence one or more Warrants. Each
Warrant evidenced thereby entitles the holder, upon proper exercise to receive
from the Company, as adjusted as provided herein, one share of the New Common
Stock at the Exercise Price.

         SECTION 4. Execution of Warrant Certificates. Warrant Certificates
shall be signed on behalf of the Company by its Chairman of the Board, Chief
Executive Officer, President or any Vice President and by the Secretary or any
Assistant Secretary under its corporate seal. The seal of the Company may be
in the form of a facsimile thereof and may be impressed, affixed, imprinted or
otherwise reproduced on the Warrant Certificates. Each such signature upon any
Warrant Certificate may be in the form of a facsimile signature of the present
or any future Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Vice
President, Secretary or Assistant Secretary and may be imprinted or otherwise
reproduced on the Warrant Certificates and for that purpose the Company may
adopt and use the facsimile signature of any person who shall have been
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Vice President,
Secretary or Assistant Secretary at the time of entering into this Warrant
Agreement, notwithstanding the fact that at the time any Warrant Certificate
shall be countersigned by the Warrant Agent and delivered or disposed of by
the Company he shall have ceased to hold such office, so long as, and the
Company hereby represents that, under the Company's charter and by-laws, any
Warrants or shares of the New Common Stock so issued would be validly issued.
Any Warrant Certificate may be signed on behalf of the Company by any person
who, at the actual date of the execution of such Warrant Certificate, shall be
a proper officer of the Company to sign such Warrant Certificate, although at
the date of the execution of this Warrant Agreement any such person was not
such officer, so long as, and the Company hereby represents that, under the
Company's charter and by-laws, any Warrants or shares of the New Common Stock
so issued would be validly issued.

         Warrant Certificates shall be dated the date of countersignature by
the Warrant Agent and shall represent one or more whole Warrants.

         SECTION 5. Registration and Countersignature. The Warrant Agent, on
behalf of the Company, shall number and register the Warrant Certificates in a
Warrant register as they are issued by the Company. The Warrant register will
show the names and addresses of the respective holders of the Warrants, the

                                      2
<PAGE>

numbers of Warrants evidenced on the face of each Warrant Certificate and the
date of each Warrant Certificate.

         Warrant Certificates shall be manually countersigned by the Warrant
Agent and shall not be valid for any purpose unless so countersigned. The
Warrant Agent shall, upon written instructions of the Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer, President, Vice President, Secretary or Assistant
Secretary of the Company, initially countersign and deliver Warrants entitling
the holders thereof to purchase not more, nor less, than the number of shares
of the New Common Stock referred to above in the first recital hereof (but
subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided) and shall countersign and
deliver Warrants as otherwise provided in this Warrant Agreement.

         The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the registered
holder(s) of the Warrant Certificates as the absolute owner(s) thereof
(notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by
anyone), for all purposes, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall
be affected by any notice to the contrary.

         SECTION 6. Registration of Transfers and Exchanges. The Warrant Agent
shall from time to time register the transfer of any outstanding Warrant
Certificates upon the records to be maintained by it for that purpose, upon
surrender thereof accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of
transfer in form satisfactory to the Warrant Agent, duly executed by the
registered holder or holders thereof or by the duly appointed legal
representative thereof or by a duly authorized attorney. Upon any such
registration of transfer, a new Warrant Certificate shall be issued to the
transferee(s) and the surrendered Warrant Certificate shall be cancelled by
the Warrant Agent. Cancelled Warrant Certificates shall thereafter be disposed
of by or at the direction of the Company in accordance with applicable law.

         Warrant Certificates may be exchanged at the option of the registered
holder(s) thereof, when surrendered to the Warrant Agent at the Warrant Agent
Office during normal business hours for another Warrant Certificate or other
Warrant Certificates of like tenor and representing in the aggregate a like
number of Warrants. Warrant Certificates surrendered for exchange shall be
cancelled by the Warrant Agent. Such cancelled Warrant Certificates shall then
be disposed of by or at the direction of the Company in accordance with
applicable law.

         The Warrant Agent is hereby directed and authorized to countersign,
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 6, the new Warrant
Certificates issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6.

         SECTION 7. Terms of Warrants; Exercise of Warrants. Subject to the
terms of this Warrant Agreement, each Warrant holder shall have the right,
which may be exercised from the date of original issuance of the Warrant
Certificates pursuant to the terms of this Warrant Agreement and prior to 5:00
p.m. New York City Time, on December 21, 2006 (the "Expiration Date"), to
exercise each Warrant and receive from the Company the number of fully paid

                                      3
<PAGE>

and nonassessable shares of the New Common Stock which the holder may at the
time be entitled to receive on exercise of such Warrants and payment of the
aggregate Exercise Price then in effect for such shares of the New Common
Stock. In addition, prior to the delivery of any shares of the New Common
Stock that the Company shall be obligated to deliver upon proper exercise of
the Warrants, the Company shall comply with all applicable federal and state
laws, rules and regulations which require action to be taken by the Company.
Each Warrant, when exercised, will entitle the holder thereof to purchase one
share of the New Common Stock at the Exercise Price. Each Warrant not
exercised prior to the Expiration Date shall become void and all rights
thereunder and all rights in respect thereof under this Warrant Agreement
shall cease as of such time.

         A Warrant may be exercised upon surrender to the Company at the
Warrant Agent Office referred to in Section 20 (the "Warrant Agent Office") of
the Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates evidencing the Warrants to be
exercised with the form of election to purchase on the reverse thereof (the
"Exercise Notice") duly and properly completed and signed, which signature
shall be guaranteed by an "Eligible Guarantor Institution" as defined in Rule
17Ad-15(2) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange Act"), and upon payment to the Warrant Agent for the
account of the Company of the exercise price of $34.16 (the "Exercise Price"),
as adjusted from time to time as herein provided, for each Warrant Share then
exercised. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price for all shares of the New
Common Stock being exercised in respect of a Warrant shall be made (a) in
United States Dollars or (b) by certified or official bank check for United
States Dollars made payable to the order of "RCN Corporation". In lieu of
payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as aforesaid and subject to applicable
law, the holder of a Warrant may elect to receive from the Company a number of
shares of the New Common Stock equal to the "Spread" by indicating such
election in the Exercise Notice delivered by such Warrant holder. The "Spread"
shall, subject to Section 14, be paid by the Company by delivering to such
Warrant holder a number of shares of the New Common Stock equal to (a)(i) the
product of (x) the current market price per share of the New Common Stock (as
if the date of receipt of the Exercise Notice to the Company) multiplied by
(y) the number of shares of the New Common Stock underlying the Warrants being
exercised, minus (ii) the product of (x) the Exercise Price, multiplied by (y)
the number of shares of the New Common Stock underlying the Warrants being
exercised, divided by (b) the current market price per share of the New Common
Stock (as of the date of receipt of the Exercise Notice to the Company).

         Subject to the provisions of Section 8, upon such surrender of
Warrants and payment of the aggregate Exercise Price, the Company shall issue
and cause to be delivered promptly to or upon the written order of the Warrant
holder and in such name or names, as the Warrant holder may designate, a
certificate or certificates for the number of full shares of the New Common
Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Warrants together with cash as
provided in Section 14; provided, however, that if any Fundamental Transaction
(as defined in Section 12(h)) is proposed to be effected by the Company or
there is pending any tender offer or an exchange offer for shares of the New
Common Stock, upon such surrender of Warrants and payment of the Exercise
Price as aforesaid, the Company shall, as soon as possible, but in any event

                                      4
<PAGE>

not later than two business days thereafter, issue and cause to be delivered
the full number of shares of the New Common Stock issuable upon the exercise
of such Warrants in the manner described in this sentence together with any
cash as provided in Section 14. For purposes of this Warrant Agreement, a
"business day" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which
banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by law,
regulation or executive order to close or remain closed. Such certificate or
certificates shall be deemed to have been issued and any person so designated
to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such
shares of the New Common Stock as of the close of business on the date of the
surrender of such Warrants and payment of the aggregate Exercise Price. No
fractional shares shall be issued upon exercise of any Warrants in accordance
with Section 14.

         The Warrants shall be exercisable, at the election of the holders
thereof, either in full or from time to time in part (in whole shares of the
New Common Stock) and, in the event that a Certificate evidencing Warrants is
exercised in respect of fewer than all of the shares of the New Common Stock
issuable on such exercise at any time prior to the Expiration Date, a new
Certificate evidencing the remaining Warrant or Warrants will be promptly
issued, and the Warrant Agent is hereby irrevocably authorized and directed to
countersign and to deliver the required new Warrant Certificate or
Certificates pursuant to the provisions of this Section 7 and of Section 5,
and the Company, whenever required by the Warrant Agent or under this Warrant
Agreement, will supply the Warrant Agent with Warrant Certificates duly
executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

         All Warrant Certificates surrendered upon exercise of Warrants shall
be cancelled by the Warrant Agent. Such cancelled Warrant Certificates shall
then be disposed of by or at the direction of the Company in accordance with
applicable law. The Warrant Agent shall (x) advise an authorized
representative of the Company as directed by the Company by the end of each
day on which Warrants were exercised (i) the number of shares of the New
Common Stock issued upon exercise of a Warrant, (ii) delivery of Warrant
Certificates evidencing the balance, if any, of the shares of the New Common
Stock issuable after such exercise of the Warrant and (iii) such other
information as the Company shall reasonably require and (y) concurrently pay
to the Company all funds received by it in payment of the aggregate Exercise
Price. The Warrant Agent shall promptly confirm such information to the
Company in writing.

         The Warrant Agent shall keep copies of this Warrant Agreement and any
notices given or received hereunder available for inspection by the holders of
the Warrants during normal business hours at the Warrant Agent Office. The
Company shall supply the Warrant Agent from time to time with such numbers of
copies of this Warrant Agreement as the Warrant Agent may request.

         SECTION 8. Payment of Taxes. No service charge shall be made to any
holder of a Warrant for any exercise, exchange or registration of transfer of
Warrant Certificates, and the Company will pay all documentary stamp taxes
attributable to the initial issuance of shares of the New Common Stock upon
the exercise of Warrants; provided, however, that neither the Company nor the

                                      5
<PAGE>

Warrant Agent shall be required to pay any tax or taxes which may be payable
in respect of any transfer involved in the issue of any Warrant Certificates
or any certificates for shares of the New Common Stock in a name other than
that of the registered holder of a Warrant Certificate surrendered upon the
exercise of a Warrant, and the Company shall not be required to issue or
deliver such Warrant Certificates or the certificates representing the shares
of the New Common Stock unless or until the person or persons requesting the
issuance thereof shall have paid to the Company the amount of such tax or
shall have established to the satisfaction of the Company that such tax has
been paid.

         SECTION 9. Mutilated or Missing Warrant Certificates. If any of the
Warrant Certificates shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the
Company shall issue and the Warrant Agent shall countersign, in exchange and
substitution for and upon cancellation of the mutilated Warrant Certificate,
or in lieu of and substitution for the Warrant Certificate lost, stolen or
destroyed, a new Warrant Certificate of like date and tenor and representing
an equivalent number of Warrants, but only upon receipt of evidence
satisfactory to the Company and the Warrant Agent of such loss, theft or
destruction of such Warrant Certificate and such indemnity and security
therefor as is customary and reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the
Warrant Agent. Applicants for such substitute Warrant shall also comply with
such other reasonable regulations and pay such other reasonable charges as the
Company or the Warrant Agent may prescribe.

         SECTION 10. Reservation of Shares of the New Common Stock. The
Company will at all times reserve and keep available, free from preemptive
rights, out of the aggregate of its authorized but unissued shares of the New
Common Stock, for the purpose of enabling it to satisfy any obligation to
issue shares of the New Common Stock upon exercise of Warrants, the maximum
number of shares of the New Common Stock which may then be deliverable upon
the exercise of all outstanding Warrants.

         The Company or the transfer agent for the New Common Stock and every
subsequent transfer agent for any shares of the Company's capital stock
issuable upon the exercise of any of the rights of purchase represented by the
Warrants as aforesaid (the "Transfer Agent") will be irrevocably authorized
and directed at all times to reserve such number of authorized shares as shall
be required for such purpose. The Company will keep a copy of this Warrant
Agreement on file with the Transfer Agent for any shares of the Company's
capital stock issuable upon the exercise of the rights of purchase represented
by the Warrants. The Warrant Agent is hereby irrevocably authorized and
directed to requisition from time to time from such Transfer Agent the stock
certificates required to honor outstanding Warrants upon exercise thereof in
accordance with the terms of this Warrant Agreement. The Company will supply
such Transfer Agent with duly executed certificates for such purposes and
will, upon request, provide or otherwise make available any cash which may be
payable as provided in Section 14. The Company will furnish such Transfer
Agent a copy of all notices of adjustments and certificates related thereto,
transmitted to the Warrant Agent and each holder pursuant to Section 15.

                                      6
<PAGE>

         Before taking any action which would cause an adjustment pursuant to
Section 12 to reduce the Exercise Price below the then par value per share (if
any) of a share of the New Common Stock, the Company will take all corporate
action necessary, in the opinion of its counsel (which may be counsel employed
by the Company), in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully
paid and nonassessable shares of the New Common Stock at the Exercise Price as
so adjusted.

         The Company covenants that all shares of the New Common Stock which
may be issued upon exercise of Warrants will be, upon payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price and issuance thereof, fully paid, nonassessable, free of
preemptive rights and free from all taxes, liens, charges and security
interests with respect to the issue thereof (other than any liens, charges and
security interests created by the Warrant holder or the person to which the
shares of the New Common Stock are to be issued).

         SECTION 11. Obtaining Stock Exchange Listings. The Company shall also
from time to time take all action reasonably necessary so that the shares of
the New Common Stock, immediately upon their issuance upon the exercise of
Warrants, will be listed or quoted, as the case may be, on the primary
exchange, inter-dealer quotation system or regulated quotation service, if
any, on which shares of the New Common Stock are then listed or quoted,
subject to the rules and regulations thereof. If the shares of the New Common
Stock are not so listed or quoted, the Company shall not be obligated to
obtain or maintain a listing or quotation, as the case may be, of the shares
of the New Common Stock or shares of the New Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of Warrants on any exchange, inter-dealer quotation system or
regulated quotation service.

         SECTION 12. Adjustment of Exercise Price and Number of Shares of the
New Common Stock Issuable. The Exercise Price and the number of shares of the
New Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of each Warrant are subject to
adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of the events enumerated in
this Section 12. For purposes of this Section 12, "the New Common Stock" means
the New Common Stock and any other stock of the Company, however designated,
for which the Warrants may be exercisable from time to time.

         (a)   Adjustment for Change in Capital Stock.
               --------------------------------------

               If on or after the date of this Warrant Agreement and prior to
the Expiration Date, the Company:

               (1)   pays a dividend or makes a distribution on the New
     Common Stock in shares of the New Common Stock;

               (2)   subdivides its outstanding shares of the New Common Stock
     into a greater number of shares;

               (3)   combines its outstanding shares of the New Common Stock
     into a smaller number of shares;

                                      7
<PAGE>

               (4)   makes a distribution on its the New Common Stock in shares
     of its capital stock other than the New Common Stock; or

               (5)   issues by reclassification of its the New Common Stock any
     shares of its capital stock,

then the Exercise Price and the number and kind of shares of capital stock of
the Company issuable upon the exercise of a Warrant shall be proportionately
adjusted so that the holder of any Warrant thereafter exercised may receive
the aggregate number and kind of shares of capital stock of the Company which
he would have owned immediately following such action if such Warrant had been
exercised immediately prior to such action.

         The adjustment shall become effective immediately after the record
date in the case of a dividend or distribution and immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

         If after an adjustment a holder of a Warrant upon exercise may
receive shares of two or more classes or series of capital stock of the
Company, the Company shall determine the allocation of the adjusted Exercise
Price between the classes or series of capital stock based on the relative
fair market values (determined by the Board of Directors of the Company) of
such class or classes of capital stock. After such allocation, the exercise
privilege and the Exercise Price of each class or series of capital stock
shall thereafter again be subject to adjustment on the terms applicable to the
New Common Stock in this Section 12.

         Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever any event listed
above shall occur.

         (b)   Adjustment for Rights Issue.
               ---------------------------

         If on or after the date of this Warrant Agreement and prior to the
Expiration Date, the Company distributes any options, warrants or other rights
(however classified, except pursuant to any stockholder rights plan now
existing or hereafter adopted) to all holders of the New Common Stock
entitling them for a period expiring within 45 days after the record date
mentioned below to purchase shares of the New Common Stock or securities
convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, the New Common Stock at
a price per share (or with an initial conversion, exchange or exercise price)
less than the current market price per share on that record date, the Exercise
Price shall be adjusted in accordance with the following formula:


                                       N x P
                                  O + -------
                                         M
                         E' = E x -----------
                                       O + N

where:

                                      8
<PAGE>

         E'   =   the adjusted Exercise Price.

         E    =   the current Exercise Price.

         O    =   the number of shares of the New Common Stock outstanding on
                  the record date.

         N    =   the number of additional shares of the New Common Stock
                  offered.

         P    =   the offering price per share of the additional shares.

         M    =   the current market price per share of the New Common Stock on
                  the record date.

         The adjustment shall be made successively whenever any such options,
warrants or other rights (however classified) are issued and shall become
effective immediately after the record date for the determination of
stockholders entitled to receive the options, warrants or other rights
(however classified). If at the end of the period during which such rights,
options or warrants are exercisable, not all options, warrants or other rights
(however classified) shall have been exercised, the Exercise Price shall be
immediately readjusted to what it would have been if "N" in the above formula
had been the number of shares actually issued.

         (c)   Adjustment for Other Distributions.
               ----------------------------------

         If on or after the date of this Warrant Agreement and prior to the
Expiration Date, the Company distributes to all holders of the New Common
Stock any of its assets (other than cash dividends or distributions), debt
securities, preferred stock or any options, warrants or other rights to
purchase debt securities, assets or other securities of the Company, the
Exercise Price shall be adjusted in accordance with the following formula:

                                         M - F
                               E' = E x -------
                                           M

where:

         E'   =   the adjusted Exercise Price.

         E    =   the current Exercise Price.

         M    =   the current market price per share of the New Common Stock on
                  the record date mentioned below.

         F    =   the fair market value on the record date of the assets,
                  securities, rights or warrants to be distributed in respect of

                                      9
<PAGE>

                  one share of the New Common Stock. The Board of Directors of
                  the Company shall determine the fair market value.

         The adjustment shall be made successively whenever any such record
date is fixed and shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive the distribution.

         This Section 12(c) does not apply to: (i) options, warrants or other
rights referred to in Section 12(b); or (ii) a dividend payable in shares of
Common Stock referred to in Section 12(a).

         (d)   Current Market Price.
               --------------------

         All references in Section 12(b) or Section 12(c) and in Section 7 and
Section 14 to "the current market price per share of the New Common Stock" on
any date shall mean the last reported sale price for such security on the
principal exchange or quotation system on which such security is listed or
traded. If the security is not admitted for trading on any securities exchange
or the Nasdaq National or SmallCap Market, "current market price per share of
the New Common Stock" shall mean the average of the last reported closing bid
and asked prices reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc., the electronic
securities market regulated by the National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc., as furnished by any member in good standing of the National Association
of Securities Dealers, Inc., selected from time to time by the Company for
that purpose or as quoted by the National Quotation Bureau Incorporated. In
the event that no such quotation is available for such day, the "current
market price per share of the New Common Stock" shall be the average of the
quotations for the last five trading days for which a quotation is available
within the last 30 trading days prior to such day. In the event that five such
quotations are not available within such 30-trading day period, the Board of
Directors of the Company shall be entitled to determine the "current market
price per share of the New Common Stock" on the basis of such quotations or
other information as it in good faith considers appropriate (without regard to
any illiquidity or minority discounts).

         (e)   When De Minimis Adjustment May Be Deferred.
               ------------------------------------------

         No adjustment in the Exercise Price need be made unless the
adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least one percent (l%)
in the Exercise Price on the date an adjustment would otherwise be required to
be made. Any adjustments that are not made shall be carried forward and taken
into account in any subsequent adjustment.

         All calculations under this Section 12 shall be made to the nearest
cent or to the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.

         (f)   When No Adjustment Required.
               ---------------------------

         No adjustment need be made for a transaction referred to in Section
12(a), Section 12(b) or Section 12(c) if all Warrant holders participate in
such transaction on a basis and with notice that the Board of Directors of the

                                      10
<PAGE>

Company determines to be fair and appropriate in light of the basis and notice
on which holders of the New Common Stock participate in the transaction.

         No adjustment need be made for rights to purchase the New Common
Stock purchased at the fair market value thereof (determined by the Board of
Directors of the Company) pursuant to any of the Company's plans for
reinvestment of dividends or interest.

         No adjustment need be made for a change in the par value, or from par
value to no par value, or from no par value to par value, of the Common Stock.

         Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 12, no adjustment
to the Exercise Price shall result in zero or in a negative number or shall
reduce the Exercise Price below the then par value per share of the New Common
Stock, and any such purported adjustment shall instead reduce the Exercise
Price to such par value (unless the New Common Stock then has no par value in
which case such purported adjustment shall instead reduce the Exercise Price
to $0.001 per share).

         To the extent the Warrants become convertible into cash, no
adjustment need be made thereafter as to the cash. Interest will not accrue on
the cash.

         (g)   Notice of Adjustment.
               --------------------

         Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted, the Company shall provide
the notices required by Section 15.

         (h)   Consolidation, Merger, Sale, Recapitalization or Reorganization
               of the Company.
               ---------------------------------------------------------------

         In case of any consolidation of the Company with, or merger of the
Company into, another person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or
merger which does not result in any reclassification or exchange of the New
Common Stock), or in case of any sale or conveyance to another person of the
property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety (each a
"Fundamental Transaction"), the person formed by or surviving such Fundamental
Transaction or the persons which shall have acquired such assets, as the case
may be, shall execute and deliver to the Warrant Agent a supplemental warrant
agreement providing that each holder of a Warrant then outstanding shall have
the right thereafter (until the expiration of such Warrant) to receive, upon
exercise of such Warrant, solely the kind and amount of capital stock, shares
and other securities and property (or cash) receivable upon such Fundamental
Transaction for which such Warrant might have been exercised immediately prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, provided that (i) if the holders of shares of
the New Common Stock were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the
kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such
Fundamental Transaction, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other
assets for which each Warrant shall become exercisable shall be deemed to be
the kind and amount so receivable per share by a plurality of the holders of
shares of the New Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and (ii) if a

                                      11
<PAGE>

tender or exchange offer shall have been made to and accepted by the holders
of shares of the New Common Stock under circumstances in which, upon
completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with
members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) of which
such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such
maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any
members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part,
own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act)
more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the New Common Stock, each Warrant
shall become exercisable for the highest amount of cash, securities or other
property to which such Warrant holder would actually have been entitled as a
shareholder if such Warrant holder had exercised the Warrant prior to the
expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of
the shares of the New Common Stock issuable to such Warrant holder upon such
exercise had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject
to adjustments (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange
offer). Such supplemental warrant agreement shall provide for adjustments
which shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments
provided in this Section 12. The above provision of this Section 12(h) shall
similarly apply to successive consolidations, amalgamations, mergers, sales or
transfers. The Warrant Agent shall not be under any responsibility to
determine the correctness of any provision contained in any such supplemental
warrant agreement relating to either the kind or amount of capital stock,
shares or securities or property (or cash) purchasable by Warrant holders upon
the exercise of their Warrants after any such Fundamental Transaction, but
subject to the provisions of Section 17 hereof, may accept as conclusive
evidence of the correctness of any such provisions, and shall be protected in
relying upon, a certificate of a firm of independent certified public
accountants (who may be the accountants regularly employed by the Company)
with respect thereto.

         (i)   The Company Determination Final.
               -------------------------------

         Any determination that the Company or the Board of Directors of the
Company must make pursuant to this Section 12 is (absent manifest error)
conclusive if such determination is made in good faith.

         (j)   Warrant Agent's Disclaimer.
               --------------------------

         The Warrant Agent has no duty to determine when an adjustment under
this Section 12 should be made (if at all), how it should be made or what it
should be. The Warrant Agent has no duty to determine whether any provisions
of a supplemental Warrant Agreement under Section 12(h) are correct. The
Warrant Agent makes no representation as to the validity or value of any
securities or assets issued upon exercise of Warrants. The Warrant Agent shall
not be responsible for the Company's failure to comply with this Section 12.
The Warrant Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any adjustment
under this Section 12 until it has received notice thereof pursuant to Section
15.

                                      12
<PAGE>

         (k)   When Issuance or Payment May Be Deferred.
               ----------------------------------------

         In any case in which this Section 12 shall require that an adjustment
in the Exercise Price be made effective as of a record date for a specified
event, the Company may elect to defer until the occurrence of such event (i)
issuing to the holder of any Warrant exercised after such record date the
shares of the New Common Stock and other capital stock of the Company, if any,
issuable upon such exercise over and above the shares of the New Common Stock
and other capital stock of the Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise on
the basis of the Exercise Price and (ii) paying to such holder any amount in
cash in lieu of a fractional share pursuant to Section 14; provided, however,
that the Company shall deliver to such holder a due bill or other appropriate
instrument evidencing such holder's right to receive such additional shares of
the New Common Stock, other capital stock and cash (if any) upon the
occurrence of the event requiring such adjustment.

         (l)   Adjustment in Number of Shares.
               ------------------------------

         Upon each adjustment of the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section
12, each Warrant outstanding prior to the making of the adjustment in the
Exercise Price shall thereafter evidence the right to receive upon payment of
the adjusted aggregate Exercise Price that number of shares of the New Common
Stock (calculated to the nearest hundredth) obtained from the following
formula:
                                           E
                                N' = N x -----
                                           E'

where:

         N'   =   the adjusted number of shares of the New Common Stock issuable
                  upon exercise of a Warrant by payment of the adjusted
                  aggregate Exercise Price.

         N    =   the number of shares of the New Common Stock previously
                  issuable upon exercise of a Warrant by payment of the
                  aggregate Exercise Price prior to adjustment.

         E'   =   the adjusted Exercise Price.

         E    =   the Exercise Price prior to adjustment.

         (m)   Form of Warrants.
               ----------------

         The Company may, but shall not be required to, issue new certificates
or make a notation on any outstanding certificates to reflect any adjustment
under this Section 12. Irrespective of any adjustments in the Exercise Price
or the number or kind of shares purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants,
Warrants theretofore or thereafter issued may continue to express the same
price and number and kind of shares as are stated in the Warrants initially
issuable pursuant to this Warrant Agreement.

                                      13
<PAGE>

         SECTION 13. Priority Adjustments, Further Actions. (a) If any single
action would require adjustment of the Exercise Price pursuant to more than
one subsection of Section 12, only one adjustment shall be made and such
adjustment shall be the amount of adjustment that has the highest absolute
value.

         (b)   The Company will not, by amendment of its charter or through any
     consolidation, merger, reorganization, transfer of assets, dissolution,
     issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek
     to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of the
     Warrants, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out
     of all such terms. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
     Company (i) will take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate
     in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and
     nonassessable shares of the New Common Stock on the exercise of the
     Warrants from time to time outstanding and (ii) will not take any action
     which results in any adjustment of the Exercise Price if the total number
     of shares of the New Common Stock issuable after the action upon the
     exercise of all of the Warrants would exceed the total number of shares
     of the New Common Stock then authorized by the Company's charter and
     available for the purposes of issue upon such exercise. A consolidation,
     merger, reorganization or transfer of assets involving the Company
     covered by Section 12(h) shall not be prohibited by or require any
     adjustment under this Section 13.

         SECTION 14. Fractional Interests. The Company shall not be required
to issue fractional shares of the New Common Stock on the exercise of
Warrants. If more than one Warrant shall be presented for exercise in full at
the same time by the same holder, the number of full shares of the New Common
Stock which shall be issuable upon the exercise thereof shall be computed on
the basis of the aggregate number of shares of the New Common Stock
purchasable on exercise of all of the Warrants so presented. If any fraction
of a share of the New Common Stock would, except for the provisions of this
Section 14, be issuable on the exercise of any Warrants (or specified portion
thereof), the Company shall notify the Warrant Agent in writing of the amount
to be paid in lieu of the fraction of a share of the New Common Stock and
concurrently pay or provide to the Warrant Agent for repayment to the Warrant
holder an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) such fraction of a
Warrant Share and (ii) the excess of the current market price of a share of
the New Common Stock for the day the Warrant was presented for exercise over
the Exercise Price.

         SECTION 15. Notices to Warrant Holders. Upon any adjustment of the
Exercise Price pursuant to Section 12, the Company shall within 25 days
thereafter (i) cause to be delivered to the Warrant Agent a certificate of a
firm of independent public accountants selected by the Board of Directors of
the Company or other knowledgeable expert selected by the Board of Directors
of the Company setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and
setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts
upon which such calculations are based and setting forth the number of shares
of the New Common Stock (or portion thereof) issuable after such adjustment in
the Exercise Price, upon exercise of a Warrant and payment of the adjusted
aggregate Exercise Price, which certificate shall be conclusive evidence of
the correctness of the matters set forth therein and (ii) cause to be given to

                                      14
<PAGE>

each of the registered holders of the Warrant Certificates at such registered
holder's address appearing on the Warrant register written notice of such
adjustments by first-class mail, postage prepaid. Where appropriate, such
notice may be given in advance and included as a part of the notice required
to be mailed under the other provisions of this Section 15.

         In case:

         (a)   the Company shall authorize the issuance to all holders of shares
     of the New Common Stock of options, warrants or other rights (howsoever
     classified) to subscribe for or purchase shares of the New Common Stock
     or of any other subscription rights or warrants; or

         (b)   the Company shall authorize the distribution to all holders of
     shares of the New Common Stock of evidences of its indebtedness or assets
     (other than cash dividends or cash distributions payable out of
     consolidated earnings or earned surplus or dividends payable in shares of
     the New Common Stock or distributions referred to in Section 12(a)); or

         (c)   of any Fundamental Transaction or a tender offer or exchange
     offer for shares of the New Common Stock; or

         (d)   of the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or
     winding up of the Company; or

         (e)   the Company proposes to take any action (other than actions of
     the character described in Section 12(a)) which would require an
     adjustment of the Exercise Price pursuant to Section 12;

         then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the
Warrant Agent and shall cause to be given to each of the registered holders of
the Warrant Certificates at his address appearing on the Warrant register, at
least 20 days (or 10 days in any case specified in clauses (a) or (b) above)
prior to the applicable record date hereinafter specified, or promptly in the
case of events for which there is no record date, by first-class mail, postage
prepaid, a written notice stating (i) the date as of which the holders of
record of shares of the New Common Stock to be entitled to receive any such
rights, options, warrants or distribution are to be determined or (ii) the
initial expiration date set forth in any tender offer or exchange offer for
shares of the New Common Stock or (iii) the date on which any such
consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or
winding up is expected to become effective or consummated, and the date as of
which it is expected that holders of record of shares of the New Common Stock
shall be entitled to exchange such shares for securities or other property, if
any, deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger,
conveyance, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up. The failure to
give the notice required by this Section 15 or any defect therein shall not
affect the legality or validity of any distribution, right, option, warrant,
consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer, lease, dissolution, liquidation
or winding up, or the vote upon any action.

                                      15
<PAGE>

         Nothing contained in this Warrant Agreement or in any of the Warrant
Certificates shall be construed as conferring upon the holders thereof the
right to vote or to consent or to receive notice as stockholders in respect of
the meetings of stockholders or the election of Directors of the Company or
any other matter, or any rights whatsoever as stockholders of the Company.

         SECTION 16. Merger, Consolidation or Change of Name of Warrant Agent.
Any person into which the Warrant Agent may be merged or converted or with
which it may be consolidated, or any person resulting from any merger,
conversion or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent shall be a party, or
any person succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust or
agency business of the Warrant Agent, shall be the successor to the Warrant
Agent hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further
act on the part of any of the parties hereto. If, at the time such successor
to the Warrant Agent by merger or consolidation succeeds to the agency created
by this Warrant Agreement, any of the Warrant Certificates shall have been
countersigned but not delivered, any such successor to the Warrant Agent may
adopt the countersignature of the original Warrant Agent; and if, at that time
any of the Warrant Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any such
successor to the Warrant Agent may countersign such Warrant Certificates
either in the name of the predecessor Warrant Agent or in the name of the
successor to the Warrant Agent; and in all such cases such Warrant
Certificates shall have the full force and effect provided in the Warrant
Certificates in this Warrant Agreement.

         SECTION 17. Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent undertakes only the
duties and obligations imposed by this Warrant Agreement upon the following
terms and conditions, by all of which the Company and the holders of Warrants,
by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

         (a)   The statements contained herein and in the Warrant Certificates
     shall be taken as statements of the Company. The Warrant Agent assumes no
     responsibility for the correctness of any of the same except such as
     describe the Warrant Agent or action taken or to be taken by it. The
     Warrant Agent assumes no responsibility with respect to the distribution
     of the Warrant Certificates except as herein otherwise provided, or as
     provided pursuant to the Exchange Agent Agreement, dated as of December
     21, 2004, by and between the Company and the Warrant Agent (the "Exchange
     Agent Agreement").

         (b)   Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement
     the Warrant Agent deems it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter
     be proved or established by the Company prior to taking, suffering or
     omitting to take any action hereunder, such fact or matter may be deemed
     to be conclusively proved and established by a certificate signed by the
     Company's Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President or
     any Vice President and delivered to the Warrant Agent; and in reliance
     upon such certificate, the Warrant Agent shall take any action or omit to
     take any action authorized under the provisions of this Agreement. In the
     event the Warrant Agent reasonably believes any ambiguity or uncertainty
     exists hereunder or in any notice, instruction, direction, request or

                                      16
<PAGE>

     other communication, paper or document received by the Warrant Agent
     hereunder, or is uncertain of any action to take hereunder, the Warrant
     Agent, may, following prior written notice to the Company, refrain from
     taking any action, and shall be fully protected and shall not be liable
     in any way to the Company or any other person or entity for refraining
     from taking such action, unless the Warrant Agent receives written
     instructions signed by the Company which eliminates such ambiguity or
     uncertainty to the reasonable satisfaction of the Warrant Agent.

         (c)   The Warrant Agent shall not be responsible for any failure of the
     Company to comply with any of the covenants contained in this Warrant
     Agreement (including, without limitation, any adjustment of Exercise
     Price pursuant to Section 12, the authorization or reservation of shares
     of New Common Stock pursuant to Section 10 or the due execution and
     delivery by the Company of this Warrant Agreement or any Warrant
     Certificate) or in the Warrant Certificates to be complied with by the
     Company.

         (d)   The Warrant Agent may consult at any time with counsel
     satisfactory to it (who may be counsel for the Company or an employee of
     the Warrant Agent) and the Warrant Agent shall incur no liability or
     responsibility to the Company or to any holder of any Warrant Certificate
     in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in
     good faith and in accordance with the opinion or the advice of such
     counsel.

         (e)   The Warrant Agent shall incur no liability or responsibility to
     the Company or to any holder of any Warrant Certificate for any action
     taken in reliance on any Warrant Certificate, certificate of shares,
     notice, resolution, waiver, consent, order, certificate, or other paper,
     document or instrument believed by it to be genuine and to have been
     signed, sent or presented by the proper party or parties. The Warrant
     Agent shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver,
     modification, termination or revision of this Warrant Agreement or any of
     the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a writing between the Company and
     the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent shall not be required to take
     instructions or directions except those given in accordance with this
     Warrant Agreement.

         (f)   The Warrant Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or
     powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself or
     by or through its attorneys, accountants, agents or other experts, and
     the Warrant Agent will not be answerable or accountable for any act,
     default, neglect or unintentional misconduct of any such attorneys or
     agents or for any loss to the Company or the holders of the Warrants
     resulting from any such act, default, neglect or unintentional
     misconduct, absent gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith (as
     each is determined by a final non-appealable order of a court of
     competent jurisdiction) in the selection and continued employment
     thereof.

                                      17
<PAGE>

         (g)   The Warrant Agent will not be under any duty or responsibility to
     insure compliance with any applicable federal or state securities laws in
     connection with the issuance, transfer or exchange of Warrant
     Certificates.

         (h)   The Warrant Agent shall not incur any liability for not
     performing any act, duty, obligation or responsibility by reason of any
     occurrence beyond the control of the Warrant Agent (including without
     limitation any act or provision of any present or future law or
     regulation or governmental authority, any act of God, war, civil disorder
     or failure of any means of communication).

         (i)   The Company agrees to pay to the Warrant Agent reasonable
     compensation for all services rendered by the Warrant Agent in the
     execution of this Warrant Agreement, to reimburse the Warrant Agent for
     all expenses (including reasonable counsel fees), taxes (including
     withholding taxes) and governmental charges and other charges of any kind
     and nature actually incurred by the Warrant Agent in the execution,
     delivery and performance of its responsibilities under this Warrant
     Agreement and to indemnify the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against
     any and all liabilities, including judgments, costs and counsel fees, for
     anything done or omitted by the Warrant Agent in the execution, delivery
     and performance of its responsibilities under this Warrant Agreement
     except as a result of its gross negligence, bad faith or willful
     misconduct (as each is determined by a final non-appealable order of a
     court of competent jurisdiction).

         (j)   The Warrant Agent, shall be under no obligation to institute any
     action, suit or legal proceeding or to take any other action likely to
     involve expense unless the Company or one or more registered holders of
     Warrant Certificates shall furnish the Warrant Agent with reasonable
     security and indemnity for any costs and expenses which may be incurred,
     but this provision shall not affect the power of the Warrant Agent to
     take such action as it may consider proper, whether with or without any
     such security or indemnity. All rights of action under this Warrant
     Agreement or under any of the Warrants may be enforced by the Warrant
     Agent without the possession of any of the Warrant Certificates or the
     production thereof at any trial or other proceeding relative thereto, and
     any such action, suit or proceeding instituted by the Warrant Agent shall
     be brought in its name as Warrant Agent and any recovery of judgment
     shall be for the ratable benefit of the registered holders of the
     Warrants, as their respective rights or interests may appear.

         (k)   Except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, the Warrant
     Agent, and any stockholder, director, officer or employee of the Warrant
     Agent, may buy, sell or deal in any of the Warrants or other securities
     of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any transaction in
     which the Company may be interested, or contract with or lend money to
     the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it were not
     Warrant Agent under this Warrant Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude
     the Warrant Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or
     for any other legal entity.

                                      18
<PAGE>

         (l)   The Warrant Agent shall act hereunder solely as agent for the
     Company, and its duties shall be determined solely by the express
     provisions hereof. The Warrant Agent shall not be liable for anything
     which it may do or refrain from doing in connection with this Warrant
     Agreement, except for its own gross negligence, bad faith or willful
     misconduct (as each is determined by a final non-appealable order of a
     court of competent jurisdiction); provided that in no event shall the
     Warrant Agent be liable for special, indirect or consequential loss or
     damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost
     profits), even if the Warrant Agent has been advised of the likelihood of
     such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

         (m)   The Warrant Agent shall not at any time be under any duty or
     responsibility to any holder of any Warrant Certificate to make or cause
     to be made any adjustment of the Exercise Price or number of the shares
     of the New Common Stock or other securities or property deliverable as
     provided in this Warrant Agreement, or to determine whether any facts
     exist which may require any of such adjustments, or with respect to the
     nature or extent of any such adjustments, when made, or with respect to
     the method employed in making the same. The Warrant Agent shall not be
     accountable with respect to the validity or value or the kind or amount
     of any shares of the New Common Stock or of any securities or property
     which may at any time be issued or delivered upon the exercise of any
     Warrant or with respect to whether any such shares of the New Common
     Stock or other securities will when issued be validly issued and fully
     paid and nonassessable, and makes no representation with respect thereto.
     The Warrant Agent shall not be accountable with respect to the
     calculation of the "Spread" pursuant to Section 7.

         (n)   All rights and obligations contained in this Section 17 and
     Section 18 shall survive the termination of this Warrant Agreement and
     the resignation or removal of the Warrant Agent.

         SECTION 18. Expenses. All expenses incident to the Company's
performance of or compliance with this Warrant Agreement will be borne by the
Company, including without limitation: (i) all expenses of printing Warrant
Certificates; (ii) messenger and delivery services and telephone calls; (iii)
all fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company; (iv) all fees and
disbursements of independent certified public accountants or knowledgeable
experts selected by the Company; and (v) the Company's internal expenses
(including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of their officers
and employees performing legal or accounting duties).

         SECTION 19. Change of Warrant Agent. If the Warrant Agent shall
become incapable of acting as Warrant Agent or shall resign as provided below,
the Company shall appoint a successor to such Warrant Agent. If the Company
shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30 days after it has
been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant
Agent, then the registered holder of any Warrant Certificate may apply to any
court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor to the
Warrant Agent. Pending appointment of a successor to such Warrant Agent,

                                      19
<PAGE>

either by the Company or by such a court, the duties of the Warrant Agent
shall be carried out by the Company. The registered holders of a majority of
the unexercised Warrants shall be entitled at any time to remove the Warrant
Agent for cause and appoint a successor to such Warrant Agent; provided that
the Warrant Agent so appointed shall be acceptable to the Company. After
appointment, the successor to the Warrant Agent shall be vested with the same
powers, rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named
as Warrant Agent without further act or deed; but the former Warrant Agent
shall deliver and transfer to the successor to the Warrant Agent any property
at the time held by it hereunder and execute and deliver any further
assurance, conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose. Failure to give
any notice provided for in this Section 19, however, or any defect therein,
shall not affect the legality or validity of the appointment of a successor to
the Warrant Agent.

         The Warrant Agent may resign at any time and be discharged from the
obligations hereby created by so notifying the Company in writing at least 30
days in advance of the proposed effective date of its resignation. If no
successor Warrant Agent accepts the engagement hereunder by such time, the
Company shall act as Warrant Agent.

         SECTION 20. Notices to the Company and Warrant Agent. Any notice or
demand authorized or permitted by this Warrant Agreement to be given or made
by the Warrant Agent or by the registered holder of any Warrant Certificate to
or on the Company shall be sufficiently given or made when and if deposited in
the mail, first class or registered, postage prepaid, addressed (until another
address is filed in writing by the Company with the Warrant Agent), as
follows:

               RCN Corporation
               105 Carnegie Center
               Princeton, New Jersey 08540
               Telephone No.: (609) 734-3700
               Facsimile No.: (609) 734-3701
               Attention: General Counsel

         with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to the Company):

               Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
               Four Times Square
               New York, New York 10036
               Telephone No.: (212) 735-3000
               Facsimile No.: (212) 735-2000
               Attention: Howard L. Ellin, Esq.

         Any notice pursuant to this Warrant Agreement to be given by the
Company or by the registered holder(s) of any Warrant Certificate to the
Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently given when and if deposited in the mail,
first-class or registered, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address
is filed in writing by the Warrant Agent with the Company) to the Warrant
Agent at the Warrant Agent Office as follows:

                                      20
<PAGE>

               HSBC Bank USA, National Association
               452 Fifth Avenue
               New York, New York  10016
               Facsimile No: (212) 525-1300
               Attention: Corporate Trust

         SECTION 21. Supplements and Amendments. The Company and the Warrant
Agent may from time to time supplement or amend this Warrant Agreement without
the approval of any holders of Warrant Certificates in order to cure any
ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision contained herein which may
be defective or inconsistent with any other provision herein, or to make any
other provisions in regard to matters or questions arising hereunder which the
Company and the Warrant Agent may deem necessary or desirable and which shall
not in any way adversely affect the interests of the holders of Warrant
Certificates. Any amendment or supplement to this Warrant Agreement that has
an adverse effect on the interests of holders of the Warrants shall require
the written consent of registered holders of a majority of the then
outstanding Warrants (excluding Warrants held by the Company or any of its
controlled affiliates). The consent of each holder of a Warrant affected shall
be required for any amendment of this Warrant Agreement pursuant to which the
Exercise Price would be increased or the number of shares of the New Common
Stock purchasable upon exercise of the Warrants would be decreased. The
Warrant Agent shall have no duty to determine whether any such amendment would
have an adverse effect on the interests of the holders of the Warrants. The
Warrant Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, execute any amendment or
supplement which adversely affects the rights or increases the duties or
obligations of the Warrant Agent.

         SECTION 22. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this
Warrant Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent
shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns
hereunder.

         SECTION 23. Termination. This Warrant Agreement shall terminate at
5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Expiration Date. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, this Warrant Agreement will terminate on such earlier date on which
all outstanding Warrants have been exercised. The provisions of Section 17
shall survive such termination.

         SECTION 24. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Warrant Agreement and
each Warrant Certificate issued hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract
made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of said State.
The parties hereto irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of
the State of New York and any federal court located in such state in
connection with any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Warrant Agreement.

         SECTION 25. Benefits of this Warrant Agreement. Nothing in this
Warrant Agreement shall be construed to give to any person other than the
Company, the Warrant Agent and the registered holders of the Warrant
Certificates any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Warrant

                                      21
<PAGE>

Agreement; but this Warrant Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive
benefit of the Company, the Warrant Agent and the registered holders of the
Warrant Certificates.

         SECTION 26. Counterparts. This Warrant Agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all
purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument.

         SECTION 27. Further Assurances. From time to time on and after the
date hereof, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Warrant
Agent such further documents and instruments and shall do and cause to be done
such further acts as the Warrant Agent shall reasonably request (it being
understood that the Warrant Agent shall have no obligation to make such
request) to carry out more effectively the provisions and purposes of this
Warrant Agreement, to evidence compliance herewith or to assure itself that it
is protected hereunder.

         SECTION 28. Entire Agreement. This Warrant Agreement, the Warrant
Certificate and the Exchange Agent Agreement constitute the entire agreement
of the Company, the Warrant Agent and the registered holders of the Warrant
Certificates with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the Company,
the Warrant Agent and the registered holders of the Warrant Certificates with
respect to the subject matter hereof.

                                      22
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Warrant
Agreement to be duly executed, as of the day and year first above written.

                                       RCN CORPORATION, as the Company


                                       By: /s/ Deborah M. Royster
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:  Deborah M. Royster
                                           Title: Senior Vice President, General
                                                  Counsel & Corporate Secretary


                                       HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as
                                       Warrant Agent


                                       By: /s/ Stephen Ferrera
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:  Stephen Ferrera
                                           Title: Vice President

                                      23
<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT A
                                                                       ---------


                          Form of Warrant Certificate
                          [Face of Warrant Certificate]


            EXERCISABLE ON OR AFTER THE DATE OF THIS CERTIFICATE AND
         PRIOR TO 5:00 P.M., NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON [DATE](2), 2006 AND
                   ONLY IF COUNTERSIGNED BY THE WARRANT AGENT


                                 RCN CORPORATION
              INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE


No. NIW _____                  CUSIP No. [        ]          __________ Warrants


                                    WARRANTS

         This certifies that __________________________, or registered assigns,
is the registered holder of ____________ warrants (the "Warrants"), to purchase
shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of RCN
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"). Each Warrant entitles the
holder upon exercise at any time on or after the date of this Warrant
Certificate and prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City Time, on [Date], 2006 to
receive from the Company its pro rata portion, as determined pursuant to the
Warrant Agreement (as defined below), of fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock for each Warrant at the initial exercise price (the "Exercise
Price") of $[ ] per share payable (i) in United States dollars or (ii) by
certified or official bank check for United States Dollars made payable to the
order of "RCN Corporation." In lieu of payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
as aforesaid and subject to applicable law, the holder of a Warrant may request
the payment by the Company of the "Spread", which shall, subject to Section 14
of the Warrant Agreement, dated as of [ ], 2004, by and between the Company and
[ ], as Warrant Agent (the "Warrant Agreement"), be delivered by the Company by
delivering to such Warrant holder a number of shares of Common Stock equal to
[(a)(i) the product of (x) the current market price per share of Common Stock
(as of the date of receipt of the request to the Company), multiplied by (y) the
number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants being exercised, minus
(ii) the product of (x) the Exercise Price, multiplied by (y) the number of
shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants being exercised, divided by (b)
the current market price per share of Common Stock (as of the date of receipt of
the request to the Company).] The Exercise Price and number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants are subject to adjustment upon the
occurrence of certain events set forth in the Warrant Agreement. No Warrant may
be exercised after 5:00 p.m., New York City Time, on [ ], 2006, and to the
extent not exercised by such time such Warrants shall become void. This Warrant
Certificate shall not be valid unless countersigned by the Warrant Agent, as
such term is used in the Warrant Agreement. Reference is made to the further
provisions of this Warrant Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof, which
further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully
set forth at this place. This Warrant Certificate shall be governed and
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.

- ----------

(2)  Second anniversary of the date of consummation of the Plan.

                                      A-1
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, RCN Corporation has caused this Warrant Certificate
to be signed by the undersigned President and the undersigned Secretary of the
Company and has caused its corporate seal to be imprinted hereon.


Dated:

RCN CORPORATION
[Corporate Seal]

By:

- -----------------------------------          -----------------------------------
President                                    Secretary


Countersigned:                                             (seal)

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
[       ]
WARRANT AGENT

By:
   --------------------------------
          Authorized Officer

                                      A-2
<PAGE>

                        [Reverse of Warrant Certificate]

                            RCN CORPORATION (WARRANT)

         By accepting a Warrant Certificate, each holder shall be bound by all
of the terms and provisions of the Warrant Agreement (a copy of which is
available on request to the Secretary of the Company) and any amendments thereto
as fully and effectively as if such holder had signed the same.

         The Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate are part of a duly
authorized issue of Warrants by the Company expiring at 5:00 p.m., New York City
Time, on [ ], 2006, entitling the holder upon proper exercise to receive shares
of Common Stock and are issued or to be issued pursuant to the Warrant
Agreement, which Warrant Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference in and
made a part of this instrument and is hereby referred to for a description of
the rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder
of the Warrant Agent, the Company and the holders (the words "holders" or
"holder" meaning the registered holders or registered holder) of the Warrants.

         The holder of the Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate may
exercise them by surrendering this Warrant Certificate, with the form of
election to purchase set forth below on this Warrant Certificate properly
completed and executed, together with payment of the aggregate Exercise Price in
accordance with the provisions set forth on the face of this Warrant
Certificate. In the event that upon any exercise of Warrants evidenced hereby
the number of Warrants exercised shall be less than the total number of Warrants
evidenced hereby, there shall be issued to the holder hereof or his assignee a
new Warrant Certificate evidencing the number of Warrants not exercised.

         The Warrant Agreement provides that upon the occurrence of certain
events the Exercise Price and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant, in each case, set forth on the face hereof may,
subject to certain conditions, be adjusted. If the Exercise Price is adjusted,
the Warrant Agreement provides that the number of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon the exercise of each Warrant may be adjusted. No fractions of a
share of Common Stock will be issued upon the exercise of any Warrant, but the
Company will pay the cash value in lieu thereof determined as provided in the
Warrant Agreement.

         Warrant Certificates, when surrendered at the principal corporate trust
office of the Warrant Agent by the registered holder thereof in person or by
legal representative or attorney duly authorized in writing, may be exchanged,
in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement,
but without payment of any service charge, for another Warrant Certificate or
Warrant Certificates of like tenor evidencing in the aggregate a like number of
Warrants.

         Upon due presentation for registration of transfer of this Warrant
Certificate at the Warrant Agent Office, a new Warrant Certificate or Warrant
Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of
Warrants shall be issued to the transferee(s) in exchange for this Warrant

                                      A-3
<PAGE>

Certificate, subject to the limitations provided in the Warrant Agreement,
without charge except for any tax or other governmental charge imposed in
connection therewith.

         The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the registered
holder(s) hereof as the absolute owner(s) of this Warrant Certificate
(notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing hereon made by
anyone), for the purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution to the
holder(s) hereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor the
Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. Neither the
Warrants nor this Warrant Certificate entitles any holder hereof to any rights
of a stockholder of the Company.

         The Warrant Agreement permits, with certain exceptions therein
provided, the supplementing or amendment thereof at any time by the Company and
the Warrant Agent with the written consent of registered holders of a majority
of the then outstanding Warrants (excluding Warrants held by the Company or any
of its controlled affiliates). Any such consent by or on behalf of a holder of a
Warrant shall be conclusive and binding upon such holder and upon all future
holders of this Warrant and any Warrant issued upon the registration of transfer
thereof or in exchange thereof whether or not notation of such consent is made
upon such Warrant or any other Warrant.

                                      A-4
<PAGE>

                               Form of Assignment


                  [Form of Assignment to be Executed if Holder
                 Desires to Transfer Warrants Evidenced Hereby]


                                   ASSIGNMENT
      (To Be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Assign Warrants)


FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s)
unto ___________________________________________________________________________
     PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY
     OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE

________________________________________________________________________________
 (PLEASE PRINT OR TYPE NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE OF ASSIGNEE)


of the Warrants represented by this Warrant Certificate, and hereby irrevocably
constitutes and appoints
________________________________________________________________ Attorney to
transfer this Warrant Certificate on the books of the Company, with full power
of substitution in the premises.


Dated: __________, ____      ___________________________________________________
                                                   Signature(s)*

                             ___________________________________________________

                             ___________________________________________________
                             (Social Security or Taxpayer Identification Number)



_______________________
Signature(s) Guaranteed*

                                      A-5
<PAGE>

                          Form of Election to Purchase
                    [To Be Executed Upon Exercise Of Warrant]


                               NOTICE OF EXERCISE
     (To Be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Exercise Warrants)


         The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right,
represented by this Warrant Certificate, to receive shares of the New Common
Stock and herewith tenders payment for such shares to the order of RCN
Corporation in the amount of $[ ] per share of the New Common Stock (subject to
adjustment) in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement, in cash or by
certified or official bank check made payable to the order of the Company.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          REQUEST FOR PAYMENT OF SPREAD

    [ ]   Please check if the undersigned, in lieu of tendering the cash
          payment, as aforesaid, hereby requests the payment of the "Spread"
          within the meaning of Section 7 of the Warrant Agreement.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         The undersigned requests that a certificate for such shares be
registered in the name of:

________________________________________________________________________________
                                                   PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY
                                                   OR OTHER IDENTIFYING NUMBER

and be delivered to:____________________________________________________________
                              (PLEASE PRINT OR TYPE NAME AND ADDRESS,
                                     INCLUDING POSTAL ZIP CODE)

________________________________________________________________________________

and, if such number of Warrants shall not be all the Warrants evidenced by
this Warrant Certificate, that a new Warrant Certificate for the balance of
such Warrants be registered in the name of, and delivered to, the Registered
Holder at the address stated below:

________________________________________________________________________________
                         (PLEASE PRINT OR TYPE ADDRESS)

Dated: __________, ____      ___________________________________________________
                                                   Signature(s)*

                             ___________________________________________________

                             ___________________________________________________
                             (Social Security or Taxpayer Identification Number)



_______________________
Signature(s) Guaranteed*


*    THE SIGNATURE TO THE ASSIGNMENT OR THE SUBSCRIPTION FORM MUST CORRESPOND TO
     THE NAME AS WRITTEN UPON THE FACE OF THIS WARRANT CERTIFICATE IN EVERY
     PARTICULAR, WITHOUT ALTERATION OR ENLARGEMENT OR ANY CHANGE WHATSOEVER, AND
     MUST BEAR A SIGNATURE GUARANTEED BY AN "ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION" AS
     DEFINED IN RULE 17Ad-15(2) PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
     1934, AS AMENDED.

                                      A-6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ny510970.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.2 - REG RIGHTS AGMT - STOCKHOLDERS
<TEXT>

                                                                   Exhibit 4.2




                         REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

                         Dated as of December 21, 2004

                                 by and among

                                RCN CORPORATION
                                as the Company,

                                      and

             The Stockholders listed on the Signature Pages hereto





<PAGE>





                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

1.       Definitions.......................................................1

2.       Shelf Registration................................................5

3.       Registration Procedures...........................................7

4.       Black-Out and Suspension.........................................13

5.       Indemnification..................................................15

6.       Underwritten Registrations.......................................19

7.       Rule 144.........................................................19

8.       Miscellaneous....................................................19


                                      -i-
<PAGE>


                         REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

                  This Registration Rights Agreement (this "Agreement") is
dated as of December 21, 2004, and entered into by and among RCN Corporation,
a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and the stockholders listed on the
signature pages hereto. Each Holder of Registrable Securities shall be
entitled to the benefits of this Agreement regardless of whether they are
initially named on the signature pages hereof; provided that in order to be
entitled to enforce its rights hereunder, such Holder shall become a party
hereto by delivering to the Company a counterpart signature page to this
Agreement.

                  WHEREAS, the Company proposes to issue and deliver shares of
Common Stock (as defined below) to certain entities pursuant to the Company's
Plan of Reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the "Plan"),
confirmed by order of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern
District of New York, entered on December 8, 2004; and

                  WHEREAS, in connection with and pursuant to the Plan, the
Company has agreed to grant the registration rights described in this
Agreement to the holders of shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the
Plan. All capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have
the meanings assigned them in the Plan.

                  NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto,
intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:

1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:

                  "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the first
introductory paragraph hereto.

                  "Amendment Effectiveness Deadline Date" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 2(d)(i) hereto.

                  "Bankruptcy Code" shall mean the Bankruptcy Reform Act of
1978, as codified in title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. ss.ss.
101-1330, as now in effect or hereafter amended.

                  "Business Day" shall mean any day that is not a Saturday,
Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized
or required by law to be closed.

                  "Closing Date" shall mean December 21, 2004.

                  "Common Stock" shall mean any share of common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of the Company, outstanding after giving effect to the
Plan.

                  "Company" shall have the meaning set forth in the first
introductory paragraph hereto and includes the Company's successors and
assigns.


<PAGE>

                  "Controlling Person" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6 hereof.

                  "Designated Counsel" shall mean one firm of counsel chosen
by the Holders of a majority of Registrable Securities to be included in a
Registration Statement for a Shelf Registration and identified to the Company
in writing prior to the filing of such Registration Statement.

                  "Effectiveness Date" shall mean the date that is the 90th
day after the date the Initial Shelf Registration is filed with the SEC.

                  "Effectiveness Period" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2(a) hereof.

                  "End of Suspension Notice" shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 4(b) hereof.

                  "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder.

                  "Filing Date" shall mean the date that is the 60th day after
the later of (1) the date the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2004, or (2) the Plan Effective Date.

                  "Holder" shall mean (x) any signatory to this Agreement for
so long as such signatory is a beneficial owner (as such term is defined
pursuant to Section 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of Registrable Securities
who (i) beneficially owns 5% or more of the outstanding Common Stock of the
Company, (ii) is an "affiliate" of the Company (as the term "affiliate" is
defined pursuant to the Securities Act), or (iii) is deemed, or might
reasonably be considered to be, an "affiliate," an "underwriter" or a "control
person" under Section 1145(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, or (y) any other
beneficial owner (as such term is defined pursuant to Section 13d-3 under the
Exchange Act) of Registrable Securities acquired pursuant to the Plan which
provides the Company with notice that it meets the conditions specified in
clauses (x)(i),(ii), or (iii), or any person who purchased Registrable
Securities from any Holder other than pursuant to a Registration Statement or
Rule 144.

                  "Indemnified Holder" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6 hereof.

                  "Indemnified Person" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6 hereof.

                  "Indemnifying Person" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6 hereof.

                  "Initial Shelf Registration" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2(a) hereof.

                  "Inspectors" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
3(l) hereof.

                  "NASD" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(o)
hereof.

                                     -2-
<PAGE>

                  "Note Purchase Agreement" shall mean the Note Purchase
Agreement dated as of December 21, 2004, by and among the Company, certain
subsidiaries of the Company that are required to be guarantors under the
Indenture (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), and the Purchasers,
which provides for the sale by the Company to the Purchasers of $[o] aggregate
principal amount of the Company's 7 3/8% Convertible Second-Lien Notes Due
2012 (the "Notes"), which are convertible into Common Stock of the Company.

                  "Notes Registration Rights Agreement" shall mean the
Registration Rights Agreement (this "Agreement") dated as of December 21,
2004, and entered into by and among RCN Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(the "Company"), and the Purchasers.

                  "Note Securities" shall mean all Registrable Securities as
defined in the Note Registration Rights Agreement.

                  "Notice and Questionnaire" shall mean a written notice
delivered to the Company containing substantially the information called for
by the Form of Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire attached hereto
as Appendix A.

                  "Person" shall mean an individual, partnership, corporation,
limited liability company, unincorporated association, trust or joint venture,
or a governmental agency or political subdivision thereof.

                  "Plan Effective Date" shall mean the Effective Date as
defined in the Plan.

                  "Prospectus" shall mean the prospectus included in any
Registration Statement (including, without limitation, any prospectus subject
to completion and a prospectus that includes any information previously
omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement
in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act), as amended
or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, and all other amendments and
supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all
material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference
in such Prospectus.

                  "Purchaser" shall mean those institutional investors whose
names and addresses are listed on Schedule I of the Notes Registration Rights
Agreement (collectively the "Purchasers").

                  "QIU" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(o)
hereof.

                  "Records" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(l)
hereof.

                  "Registrable Securities" means any share of Common Stock
beneficially owned by a Holder until the earliest date on which (i) such share
of Common Stock has been disposed of pursuant to a Registration Statement that
has been declared effective under the Securities Act during the period of time
that such Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and
(ii) such share of Common Stock, together with all other shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by such Holder, may be sold or transferred without
registration under the

                                     -3-
<PAGE>


Securities Act pursuant to Rule 144(k) and are freely tradeable without
restriction under the Securities Act following such sale or transfer.

                  "Registration Statement" shall mean any registration
statement of the Company filed with the SEC pursuant to the provisions of this
Agreement, including the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to such
registration statement, including post-effective amendments, all exhibits and
all documents incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by
reference in such registration statement.

                  "Rule 144" shall mean Rule 144 promulgated under the
Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar
rule (other than Rule 144A) or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC
providing for offers and sales of securities made in compliance therewith
resulting in offers and sales by subsequent holders that are not affiliates of
an issuer of such securities being free of the registration and prospectus
delivery requirements of the Securities Act.

                  "Rule 144A" shall mean Rule 144A promulgated under the
Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar
rule (other than Rule 144) or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC.

                  "Rule 415" shall mean Rule 415 promulgated under the
Securities Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar
rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC.

                  "SEC" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                  "Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

                  "Selling Holder" shall mean, on any date, any Holder that
has delivered a Notice and Questionnaire to the Company on or prior to such
date.

                  "Shelf Registration" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2(b) hereof.

                  "Shelf Registration Statement" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2(b) hereof.

                  "Subsequent Shelf Registration" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2(b) hereof.

                  "Suspension Event" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4(b) hereof.

                  "Suspension Notice" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 4(b) hereof.

                  "Underwritten Registration" or "Underwritten Offering" shall
mean a registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an
underwriter for reoffering to the public.

                                     -4-
<PAGE>


2.       Shelf Registration.

                  (a) Shelf Registration. The Company shall file with the SEC
a "shelf" Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous
basis pursuant to Rule 415 covering all of the Registrable Securities (the
"Initial Shelf Registration") on or prior to the Filing Date. The Company
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Shelf Registration
Statement to be declared effective by the SEC not later than the 90th day
after the date of the initial filing.

                  The Initial Shelf Registration shall be on Form S-1, Form
S-3 or another appropriate form permitting registration of such Registrable
Securities for resale by Holders in the manner or manners designated by them
(including, without limitation, one or more Underwritten Offerings; provided
that the lead or managing underwriter in any Underwritten Offerings shall be
reasonably acceptable to the Company). The Company may permit securities other
than the Registrable Securities to be included in the Initial Shelf
Registration or any Subsequent Shelf Registration. In the event that (i) in
any offering pursuant to a Shelf Registration that is an Underwritten
Offering, both (1) Registrable Securities owned by a Holder and (2) Notes or
the common stock underlying the Notes request to have any such securities sold
in such an offering, and (ii) the lead or managing underwriter for such
Underwritten Offering notifies the Company that (x) the number of shares of
Common Stock exceeds the amount which may be sold without materially adversely
affecting such offering, (y) the number of shares of Common Stock requested to
be included would exceed any limitation on the number of shares to be included
as determined by the lead or managing underwriter in any Underwritten
Offerings or (z) the lead or managing underwriter advises that the number of
shares or types of securities proposed to be included in the offering would be
likely to have an adverse effect on such offering, then the holders of the
Notes and the Holders of the Registrable Securities shall be entitled to
participate in such offering as follows: (aa) first, up to the maximum amount
of Notes, and common shares underlying the Notes as applicable, proposed to be
included in such Underwritten Offering shall be included, (bb) second, up to
the maximum amount of shares owned by Holders of Registrable Securities shall
be included (reduced, if at all, pro rata based on the number of Registable
Securities beneficially owned by such Holders) and (cc) third, up to the full
amount of any other securities to be offered in such Underwritten Offering.

                   The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to cause the Initial Shelf Registration to be declared effective under the
Securities Act on or prior to the Effectiveness Date and to keep such Initial
Shelf Registration continuously effective under the Securities Act until the
date that is three (3) years after the Effectiveness Date, provided such
period shall automatically be extended to the extent required to permit
brokers and dealers to comply with Rule 174 under the Securities Act, as
provided in Section 4 hereof or as otherwise provided herein (such period, as
it may be extended or shortened pursuant to this Agreement, the "Effectiveness
Period"), or such shorter period ending when no Registrable Securities
continue to be outstanding.

                  (b) Subsequent Shelf Registrations. If the Initial Shelf
Registration or any Subsequent Shelf Registration ceases to be effective for
any reason at any time during the Effectiveness Period (other than because of
the sale of all of the securities registered thereunder),

                                     -5-
<PAGE>


the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the prompt
withdrawal of any order suspending the effectiveness thereof, and in any event
shall within forty-five (45) days of such cessation of effectiveness amend the
Initial Shelf Registration in a manner to obtain the withdrawal of the order
suspending the effectiveness thereof, or file an additional "shelf"
Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 415 covering all of the Registrable
Securities (a "Subsequent Shelf Registration"). If a Subsequent Shelf
Registration is filed, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the Subsequent Shelf Registration to be declared effective
under the Securities Act as soon as practicable after such filing and to keep
such Registration Statement continuously effective for a period equal to the
number of days in the Effectiveness Period less the aggregate number of days
during which the Initial Shelf Registration or any Subsequent Shelf
Registration was previously continuously effective. As used herein, the term
"Shelf Registration" means the Initial Shelf Registration and any Subsequent
Shelf Registration and the term "Shelf Registration Statement" means any
Registration Statement filed in connection with a Shelf Registration.

                  (c) Supplements and Amendments. The Company shall promptly
supplement and amend the Shelf Registration if required by the rules,
regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used for such
Shelf Registration, if required by the Securities Act, or, in the reasonable
discretion of the Company, if reasonably requested by the Holders of the
majority of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement or
by any underwriter of such Registrable Securities; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be required to supplement or amend the Shelf Registration
Statement during the occurrence of any of the events described in Section
4(a)(i) or (ii).

                  (d) Notice and Questionnaire. Each Holder agrees that if
such Holder wishes to sell Registrable Securities pursuant to a Shelf
Registration Statement and related Prospectus, it will do so only in
accordance with this Section 2(d) and Section 3 hereof. Each Holder wishing to
sell Registrable Securities pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement and
related Prospectus agrees to deliver a Notice and Questionnaire to the Company
at least five (5) Business Days prior to any intended distribution of
Registrable Securities under the Shelf Registration Statement. From and after
the date the Initial Shelf Registration Statement is declared effective, the
Company shall, as promptly as practicable after the date a Notice and
Questionnaire is delivered, and in any event upon five (5) Business Days after
such date:

                           (i) if required by applicable law, file with the
                  SEC a post-effective amendment to the Shelf Registration
                  Statement or prepare and, if required by applicable law,
                  file a supplement to the related Prospectus or a supplement
                  or amendment to any document incorporated therein by
                  reference or file any other required document so that the
                  Holder delivering such Notice and Questionnaire is named as
                  a selling securityholder in the Shelf Registration Statement
                  and the related Prospectus in such a manner as to permit
                  such Holder to deliver such Prospectus to purchasers of the
                  Registrable Securities in accordance with applicable law
                  and, if the Company shall file a post-effective amendment to
                  the Shelf Registration Statement, use its commercially
                  reasonable efforts to cause such post-effective amendment to
                  be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly
                  as is practicable, but in any event by the date (the
                  "Amendment

                                     -6-
<PAGE>


                  Effectiveness Deadline Date") that is forty-five (45) days
                  after the date such post-effective amendment is required by
                  this clause to be filed; provided, however, that such period
                  shall be tolled for so long as information provided by or
                  requested to be provided by any such Holder is reasonably
                  likely to prevent the effectiveness of any such
                  post-effective amendment or supplement;

                           (ii) provide such Holder copies of any documents
                  filed pursuant to Section 2(d)(i); and

                           (iii) notify such Holder as promptly as practicable
                  after the effectiveness under the Securities Act of any
                  post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Section 2(d)(i).
                  Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary,
                  the Company shall be under no obligation to name any Holder
                  that has not delivered a complete Notice and Questionnaire
                  in accordance with this Section 2(d) and such other
                  information to the Company as required by Section 4(p)
                  hereof.

3.       Registration Procedures.

                  In connection with the filing of any Registration Statement
pursuant to Section 2 hereof, the Company shall effect such registrations to
permit the sale of the securities covered thereby in accordance with the
intended method or methods of disposition thereof specified by the Holder of
Registrable Securities, and pursuant thereto and in connection with any
Registration Statement filed by the Company hereunder the Company shall:

                  (a) Prepare and file with the SEC, on or prior to the Filing
Date, a Registration Statement or Registration Statements as prescribed by
Section 2 hereof, and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each
such Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective as
provided herein; provided, however, that before filing any Registration
Statement or Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto, the Company
shall furnish to and afford the Holders of the Registrable Securities covered
by such Registration Statement and the managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, a reasonable opportunity to review copies of all such documents
proposed to be filed (in each case, where possible, at least three (3)
Business Days prior to such filing, or such later date as is reasonable under
the circumstances). The Company shall not file any Registration Statement or
Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto if the Holders of a
majority of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement or
the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, shall reasonably object in
writing within such period.

                  (b) Prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and
post-effective amendments to each Shelf Registration, as may be necessary to
keep such Registration Statement continuously effective for the Effectiveness
Period; cause the related Prospectus to be supplemented by any Prospectus
supplement required by applicable law, and as so supplemented to be filed
pursuant to Rule 424 (or any similar provisions then in force) promulgated
under the Securities Act; and comply with the provisions of the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act

                                     -7-
<PAGE>


applicable to it with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities
covered by such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as
so supplemented.

                  (c) Notify the Selling Holders, Designated Counsel, if any,
and the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, promptly (but in any
event within two (2) Business Days), (i) when a Prospectus or any prospectus
supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and, with respect to a
Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has
become effective under the Securities Act (including in such notice a written
statement that any Holder may, upon request, obtain, at the sole expense of
the Company, conformed copies of such Registration Statement or post-effective
amendment including financial statements and schedules, documents incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference and exhibits), (ii) of the issuance
by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration
Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary
prospectus or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, (iii) of the
happening of any event, the existence of any condition or any information
becoming known that makes any statement made in such Registration Statement or
related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the
making of any changes in or amendments or supplements to such Registration
Statement, Prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration
Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading, and that in the case of the Prospectus,
it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading and (iv) of the Company's determination that a
post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate.

                  (d) Use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the
issuance of any order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement
or of any order preventing or suspending the use of a Prospectus and, if any
such order is issued, to use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the
withdrawal of any such order at the earliest possible moment, and provide
prompt notice to the Selling Holders, Designated Counsel, if any, and the
managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the withdrawal of any such
order.

                  (e) If requested by the managing underwriter or
underwriters, if any, or the Holders of a majority of Registrable Securities
being sold in connection with an underwritten offering and reasonably
acceptable to the Company (i) promptly incorporate in a prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment such information as the managing underwriter or
underwriters, if any, or such Holders reasonably determine, in consultation
with the Company, is necessary to be included therein, (ii) make all required
filings of such prospectus supplement or such post-effective amendment as soon
as reasonably practicable after the Company has received notification of the
matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment and (iii) supplement or make amendments to such Registration
Statement.

                  (f) Furnish to each Selling Holder, Designated Counsel, if
any, and the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, at the sole expense
of the Company, conformed copies of the Registration Statement or Registration
Statements and each post-effective

                                     -8-
<PAGE>


amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, and, if
requested, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by
reference and all exhibits.

                  (g) Deliver to each Selling Holder, Designated Counsel, if
any, and the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, at the sole expense
of the Company, as many copies of the Prospectus (including each form of
preliminary prospectus) and each amendment or supplement thereto and any
documents incorporated by reference therein as such Persons may reasonably
request; and the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and
each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the Selling Holders of
Registrable Securities, the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, and
dealers, if any, in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable
Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto.

                  (h) The Company agrees to cause the Company's counsel to
perform blue sky investigations and file registrations and qualifications
required to be filed in connection with the registration or qualification (or
exemption from such registration or qualification) of such Registrable
Securities or offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such
jurisdictions within the United States as any Selling Holder or the managing
underwriter or underwriters, if any, reasonably request, keep each such
registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the
period such Registration Statement is required to be kept effective and do any
and all other acts or things reasonably necessary or advisable under blue sky
laws to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable
Securities covered by the applicable Registration Statement; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required to (i) qualify generally to do
business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, or (ii)
subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so
subject.

                  (i) Cooperate with the Selling Holders, the managing
underwriter or underwriters, if any, and their respective counsel to
facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing
shares of Registrable Securities to be sold, which certificates shall not bear
any restrictive legends; and enable such shares of Registrable Securities to
be in such denominations and registered in such names as the managing
underwriter or underwriters, if any, or Holders may reasonably request.

                  (j) Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section
3(c)(ii), 3(c)(iii) or 3(c)(iv) hereof, as promptly as practicable prepare and
(subject to Section 3(a) hereof) file with the SEC, at the sole expense of the
Company, a supplement or post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, or file any
other required document so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
the Registrable Securities being sold thereunder, any such Prospectus will not
contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.

                  (k) In connection with any underwritten offering of
Registrable Securities pursuant to a Shelf Registration, enter into an
underwriting agreement, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the
Company, as is customary in underwritten offerings of securities

                                     -9-
<PAGE>


similar to the Registrable Securities and take all such other actions as are
reasonably requested by the managing underwriter or underwriters in order to
expedite or facilitate the registration or the disposition of such Registrable
Securities and, in such connection, (i) make such representations and
warranties to, and covenants with, the managing underwriter or underwriters
with respect to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries (including
any acquired business, properties or entity, if applicable) and the
Registration Statement, Prospectus and documents, if any, incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated by reference therein, in each case, as are
customarily made by issuers to underwriters in underwritten offerings of
securities similar to the Registrable Securities and confirm the same in
writing if and when requested; (ii) obtain the written opinion of counsel to
the Company and written updates thereof in form, scope and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the managing underwriter or underwriters, addressed
to the managing underwriter or underwriters covering the matters customarily
covered in opinions requested in underwritten offerings of securities similar
to the Registrable Securities and such other matters as may be reasonably
requested by the managing underwriter or underwriters; (iii) obtain "cold
comfort" letters and updates thereof in form, scope and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the managing underwriter or underwriters from the independent
certified public accountants of the Company (and, if necessary, any other
independent certified public accountants of any subsidiary of the Company or
of any business acquired by the Company for which financial statements and
financial data are, or are required to be, included or incorporated by
reference in the Registration Statement), addressed to each of the
underwriters, such letters to be in customary form and covering matters of the
type customarily covered in "cold comfort" letters in connection with
underwritten offerings of securities similar to the Registrable Securities and
such other matters as reasonably requested by the managing underwriter or
underwriters; and (iv) if an underwriting agreement is entered into, cause the
same to contain indemnification provisions and procedures no less favorable to
the sellers and underwriters, if any, than those set forth in Section 6 hereof
(or such other provisions and procedures acceptable to Holders of a majority
in aggregate principal amount of Registrable Securities covered by such
Registration Statement and the managing underwriter or underwriters or agents,
if any). The above shall be done as and to the extent required by such
underwriting agreement.

                  (l) Make available at reasonable times for inspection by one
or more representatives of the Selling Holders, designated in writing by
Holders of a majority of Registrable Securities to be included in such
Registration Statement of such Registrable Securities being sold, any managing
underwriter or underwriters participating in any such disposition of
Registrable Securities, if any, and any attorney, accountant or other agent
retained by any such Selling Holder or underwriter (collectively, the
"Inspectors"), at the offices where normally kept, during reasonable business
hours at such time or times as shall be mutually convenient for the Company
and the Inspectors as a group, all financial and other records, pertinent
corporate documents and instruments of the Company and its subsidiaries
(collectively, the "Records") as shall be reasonably necessary to enable them
to exercise any applicable due diligence responsibilities, and cause the
officers, directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries to
supply all information reasonably requested by any such Inspector in
connection with such Registration Statement. Records that the Company
determines, in good faith, to be confidential and any Records that it notifies
the Inspectors are confidential shall not be disclosed by any Inspector unless
(i) the disclosure of such Records is necessary to avoid or correct a

                                     -10-
<PAGE>


material misstatement or material omission in such Registration Statement,
(ii) the release of such Records is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other
order from a court of competent jurisdiction, (iii) disclosure of such
information is, in the opinion of counsel for any Inspector, necessary or
advisable in connection with any action, claim, suit or proceeding, directly
involving or potentially involving such Inspector and arising out of, based
upon, relating to, or involving this Agreement or any transactions
contemplated hereby or arising hereunder or (iv) the information in such
Records has been made generally available to the public other than through the
acts of such Inspector; provided, however, that prior notice shall be provided
as soon as practicable to the Company of the potential disclosure of any
information by such Inspector pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii) of this
sentence to permit the Company to obtain a protective order (or waive the
provisions of this paragraph (l)). Each Inspector shall take such actions as
are reasonably necessary to protect the confidentiality of such information
(if practicable) to the extent such actions are otherwise not inconsistent
with, an impairment of or in derogation of the rights and interests of the
Holder or any Inspector, unless and until such information in such Records has
been made generally available to the public other than as a result of a breach
of this Agreement.

                  (m) Provide (i) the Holders of the Registrable Securities to
be included in such Registration Statement and Designated Counsel, if any,
(ii) the underwriters (which term, for purposes of this Registration Rights
Agreement, shall include a Person deemed to be an underwriter within the
meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act), if any, thereof, (iii) the
sales or placement agent, if any, thereof, and (iv) one counsel for such
underwriters or agents, reasonable opportunity to participate in the
preparation of such Registration Statement, each prospectus included therein
or filed with the SEC, and each amendment or supplement thereto.

                  (n) Comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the
SEC and make generally available to its security holders earning statements
satisfying the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158
thereunder (or any similar rule promulgated under the Securities Act) no later
than forty-five (45) days after the end of any twelve (12)-month period (or
ninety (90) days after the end of any twelve (12)-month period if such period
is a fiscal year) (i) commencing at the end of any fiscal quarter in which
Registrable Securities are sold to underwriters in a firm commitment or
commercially reasonable efforts underwritten offering and (ii) if not sold to
underwriters in such an offering, commencing on the first day of the first
fiscal quarter of the Company after the Effectiveness Date of a Registration
Statement, which statements shall cover said twelve (12)-month periods.

                  (o) Cooperate with each Selling Holder of Registrable
Securities covered by any Registration Statement and the managing underwriter
or underwriters, if any, participating in the disposition of such Registrable
Securities and their respective counsel in connection with any filings
required to be made with the NASD, Inc. (the "NASD"), including, if the
Conduct Rules of the NASD or any successor thereto as amended from time to
time so require, engaging a "qualified independent underwriter" ("QIU") as
contemplated therein and making Records available to such QIU as though it
were a participating underwriter for the purposes of Section 4(l) and
otherwise applying the provisions of this Agreement to such QIU (including
indemnification) as though it were a participating underwriter.

                  (p) Use its commercially reasonable efforts to take all
other steps necessary or advisable to effect the registration of the
Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement contemplated
hereby.

                  (q) Prior to the effective date of the first Registration
Statement relating to the Registrable Securities, provide CUSIP numbers for
the Registrable Securities.

                  Each Holder agrees, by acquisition of the Registrable
Securities, that no Holder shall be entitled to sell any of such Registrable
Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement or to receive a Prospectus
relating thereto, unless such Holder has furnished the Company with a Notice
and Questionnaire as required pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof (including the
information required to be included in such Notice and Questionnaire) and the
information set forth in the next sentence. Each Selling Holder agrees
promptly to furnish to the Company all information required to be disclosed in
order to make the information previously furnished to the Company by such
Selling Holder not misleading and any other information regarding such Selling
Holder and the distribution of such Registrable Securities as the Company may
from time to time reasonably request. Any sale of any Registrable Securities
by any Holder shall constitute a representation and warranty by such Holder
that the information provided by and relating to such Holder and its plan of
distribution is as set forth in the Prospectus delivered by such Holder in
connection with such disposition, that such Prospectus does not as of the time
of such sale contain any untrue statement of a material fact provided by such
Holder and that such Prospectus does not as of the time of such sale omit to
state any material fact provided by such Holder necessary to make the
statements in such Prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

                  The Company may require each Selling Holder of Registrable
Securities as to which any registration is being effected to furnish to the
Company such additional information regarding such Holder and the distribution
of such Registrable Securities as the Company may, from time to time,
reasonably request to the extent necessary or advisable to comply with the
Securities Act. The Company may exclude from such registration the Registrable
Securities of any Selling Holder if such Holder fails to furnish such
additional information within twenty (20) Business Days after receiving such
request. Each Selling Holder as to which any Shelf Registration is being
effected agrees to furnish promptly to the Company all information required to
be disclosed so that the information previously furnished to the Company by
such Holder is not materially misleading and does not omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which
they were made.

                  Each Holder of Registrable Securities agrees by acquisition
of such Registrable Securities that upon the happening of any event of the
kind described in Section 3(c)(ii), 3(c)(iii) or 3(c)(iv) hereof, such Holder
will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities covered
by such Registration Statement or Prospectus until such Holder's receipt of
the copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section
3(j) hereof, or until it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of
the applicable Prospectus may be resumed, and has received copies of any
amendments or supplements thereto.

                                     -12-
<PAGE>

4.       Black-Out and Suspension.

                  (a) Black-Out Period. Subject to the provisions of this
Section 4 and a good faith determination by a majority of the members of the
Board of Directors of the Company that it is in the best interests of the
Company to suspend the use of the Registration Statement, following the
effectiveness of a Registration Statement (and the filings with any
international, federal or state securities commissions), the Company, by
written notice to the Holders, may direct the Holders to suspend sales of the
Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement for such times as
the Company reasonably may determine is necessary and advisable (but in no
event for more than an aggregate of sixty (60) days in any rolling twelve
(12)-month period commencing on the Closing Date, or thirty (30) days in any
rolling ninety (90)-day period, and no more than two (2) separate times in any
rolling twelve (12)-month period) if any of the following events shall occur:
(i) a primary Underwritten Offering by the Company where the Company is
advised by the representative of the managing underwriters for such
Underwritten Offering that the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to the
Registration Statement would have a material adverse effect on the Company's
Underwritten Offering; (ii) a majority of the members of the Board of
Directors of the Company in good faith determine that (A) the offer or sale of
any Registrable Securities would materially impede, delay or interfere with
any material proposed acquisition, merger, tender offer, business combination,
corporate reorganization, consolidation or other similar material transaction
involving the Company, (B) after the advice of counsel, sale of Registrable
Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement would require disclosure of
non-public material information not otherwise required to be disclosed under
applicable law, and (C) disclosure could have a material adverse effect on the
Company or the Company's ability to consummate such transaction in each case
under circumstances that would make it impracticable or inadvisable to cause
the Registration Statement (or such filings) to become effective or to
promptly amend or supplement the Registration Statement on a post-effective
basis, as applicable; or (iii) a majority of the members of the Board of
Directors of the Company shall have determined in good faith, after the advice
of counsel, that it is required by law, rule or regulation to supplement the
Registration Statement or file a post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement in order to incorporate information into the Registration Statement
for the purpose of (A) including in the Registration Statement any Prospectus
required under Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act, (B) reflecting in the
Prospectus included in the Registration Statement any facts or events arising
after the effective date of the Registration Statement (or of the most-recent
post-effective amendment) that, individually or in the aggregate, represents a
fundamental change in the information set forth therein, or (C) including in
the Prospectus included in the Registration Statement any material information
with respect to the plan of distribution not disclosed in the Registration
Statement or any material change to such information. Upon the occurrence of
any such suspension, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to cause the Registration Statement to become effective or to promptly amend
or supplement the Registration Statement on a post-effective basis or to take
such action as is necessary to permit resumed use of the Registration
Statement as soon as possible. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the Company
may not suspend the use of the Registration Statement pursuant to clauses (i)
or (ii) of this Section 4(a) unless it simultaneously suspends the
registration statements relating to any other securities of the Company which
the Company has filed and maintains for resale of such securities other than

                                     -13-
<PAGE>


Registrations on Form S-8("Other Registrations") and (y) the suspension of the
Registration Statement shall not commence earlier than, or end later than, the
suspension of any Other Registration.

                  (b) In the case of an event specified in Section 4(a) that
causes the Company to suspend the use of a Registration Statement (a
"Suspension Event"), the Company shall give written notice (a "Suspension
Notice") to the Holders to suspend sales of the Registrable Securities and
such notice shall state generally the basis for the notice and certify, by an
officer of the Company, that such suspension shall continue only for so long
as the Suspension Event or its effect is continuing and the Company is taking
all reasonable steps to terminate suspension of the use of the Registration
Statement as promptly as possible. The Holders shall not effect any sales of
the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement (or such
filings) at any time after receiving a Suspension Notice from the Company and
prior to receipt of an End of Suspension Notice (as defined below). If so
directed by the Company, each Holder will deliver to the Company (at the
expense of the Company) all copies other than permanent file copies then in
such Holder's possession of the Prospectus covering the Registrable Securities
at the time of receipt of the Suspension Notice. The Holders may recommence
effecting sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration
Statement (or such filings) following further notice to such effect (an "End
of Suspension Notice") from the Company, which End of Suspension Notice shall
be given by the Company to the Holders in the manner described above promptly
following the conclusion of any Suspension Event and its effect.

                  (c) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, if
the Company shall give a Suspension Notice pursuant to this Section 4 with
respect to any Registration Statement, the Company agrees that it shall extend
the period of time during which such Registration Statement shall be
maintained effective pursuant to this Agreement by the number of days during
the period from the date of the giving of a Suspension Notice to and including
the date when Holders shall have received an End of Suspension Notice and
copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus necessary to resume sales,
with respect to each Suspension Event; provided such period of time shall not
be extended beyond the date that Underlying Shares are not Registrable
Securities.

5.       Registration Expenses.

                  (a) All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or
compliance with this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by the Company,
including, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees
(including, without limitation, (A) fees with respect to filings required to
be made with the NASD in connection with an underwritten offering and (B) fees
and expenses of compliance with state securities or blue sky laws, including,
without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel in connection
with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities and determination
of the eligibility of the Registrable Securities for investment under the laws
of such jurisdictions as provided in Section 3(h) hereof), (ii) printing
expenses, including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for
Registrable Securities and of printing prospectuses if the printing of
prospectuses is requested by the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any,
or by the Holders of the majority of Registrable Securities included in any
Registration Statement, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery

                                     -14-
<PAGE>


expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) fees and
disbursements of all independent certified public accountants referred to in
Section 3(k)(iii) hereof (including, without limitation, the expenses of any
special audit and "cold comfort" letters required by or incident to such
performance), (vi) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company desires
such insurance, (vii) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the
Company, (viii) internal expenses of the Company (including, without
limitation, all salaries and expenses of officers and employees of the Company
performing legal or accounting duties), (ix) the expense of any annual audit,
(x) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the
securities to be registered on any securities exchange, if applicable, and
(xi) the expenses relating to printing, word processing and distributing all
Registration Statements, underwriting agreements, securities sales agreements
and any other documents necessary in order to comply with this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each Holder shall
pay all underwriting discounts and brokerage commissions with respect to any
Registrable Securities sold by it and, except as set forth in Section 5(b)
below, the Company shall not be responsible for the fees and expenses of any
counsel for the Holders.

                  (b) The Company shall reimburse the Holders of the
Registrable Securities being registered in a Shelf Registration for the
reasonable fees and disbursements, not to exceed $75,000, of Designated
Counsel.

6.       Indemnification.

                  The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless (i) each
Holder, (ii) each Person, if any, who controls (within the meaning of either
Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) any Holder
(any of the Persons referred to in this clause (ii) being hereinafter referred
to as a "Controlling Person"), (iii) the respective officers, directors,
partners, members, employees, representatives and agents of any Holder
(including any predecessor holder) or any controlling person (any person
referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) may hereinafter be referred to as an
"Indemnified Holder") against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or
expenses to which such Indemnified Holder may become subject under the
Securities Act or otherwise, (A) insofar as such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or expenses (or actions or proceedings in respect thereof) arise
out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of
any material fact contained in any Registration Statement or Prospectus, or
any amendment or supplement thereto or any related preliminary prospectus, (B)
insofar as such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses (or actions
or proceedings in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon the omission
or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in the
light of the circumstances in which they were made, (C) to the extent of the
aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or
proceeding by any court or governmental agency or body, commenced or
threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or
omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, or (D) insofar as
such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses arise out investigating,
preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or
proceeding by any court or governmental agency or body, commenced or
threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or
omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided, however,
that the Company will not be liable under this paragraph, to the

                                     -15-
<PAGE>


extent that (i) any such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense arises out
of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement, or
omission or alleged omission made in any such Registration Statement or
Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto or any related preliminary
prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with written information
relating to any Holder furnished to the Company or any underwriter by or on
behalf of such Holder specifically for use in therein or (ii) any untrue
statement contained in or omission from a preliminary Prospectus if a copy of
the Prospectus (as then amended or supplemented, if the Company shall have
furnished to or on behalf of the Holder participating in the distribution
relating to the relevant Registration Statement any amendments or supplements
thereto) was not sent or given by or on behalf of such Holder to the Person
asserting any such liabilities who purchased Underlying Shares, if such
Prospectus (or Prospectus as amended or supplemented) is required by law to be
sent or given at or prior to the written confirmation of the sale of such
Underlying Shares to such Person and the untrue statement contained in or
omission from such preliminary Prospectus was corrected in the Prospectus (or
the Prospectus as amended or supplemented if the Company shall have furnished
any amendments or supplements thereto). The indemnity provided for herein
shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by
or on behalf of any such Holder. The Company shall notify such Indemnified
Holder promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any claim,
proceeding (including any governmental investigation) or litigation in
connection with the matters addressed by this Agreement which involves the
Company or such Indemnified Holder.

                  The Company agrees to reimburse each Indemnified Holder upon
demand for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified
Holder in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim,
damage or liability, action or proceeding or in responding to a subpoena or
governmental inquiry related to the offering of the Registrable Securities,
whether or not such Indemnified Holder is a party to any action or proceeding.
In the event that it is finally judicially determined that an Indemnified
Holder was not entitled to receive payments for legal and other expenses
pursuant to this paragraph, such Indemnified Holder will promptly return all
sums that had been advanced pursuant hereto.

                  Each Holder agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify
and hold harmless the Company, its directors and officers and each Person who
controls the Company (within the meaning of either Section 15 of the
Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) to the same extent as the
indemnity provided in the first paragraph of this Section 6 from the Company
to each Holder, but only with reference to such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or expenses which are caused by any untrue statement or omission
or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in
conformity with information relating to a Holder furnished to the Company or
any underwriter in writing by such Holder expressly for use in any
Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto
or any related preliminary prospectus. The liability of any Holder under this
paragraph shall in no event exceed the net proceeds received by such Holder
from sales of Registrable Securities giving rise to such obligation.

                  In case any suit, action, proceeding (including any
governmental or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or
asserted against any Person in respect of which indemnity may be sought
pursuant to either of the first and third paragraphs of this Section

                                     -16-
<PAGE>


6, such Person (the "Indemnified Person") shall promptly notify the Person or
Persons against whom such indemnity may be sought (each an "Indemnifying
Person") in writing. No indemnification provided for in the first or third
paragraphs of this Section 6 shall be available to any Person who shall have
failed to give notice as provided in this paragraph if the party to whom
notice was not given was unaware of the proceeding to which such notice would
have related and was materially prejudiced by the failure to give such notice,
but the failure to give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Person
or Persons from any liability which it or they may have to the Indemnified
Person for contribution or otherwise than on account of the provisions of the
first and third paragraphs of this Section 6. In case any such proceeding
shall be brought against any Indemnified Person and it shall notify the
Indemnifying Person of the commencement thereof, the Indemnifying Person shall
be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it shall wish,
jointly with any other Indemnifying Person similarly notified, to assume the
defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified
Person and shall pay as incurred (or within 30 days of presentation) the fees
and disbursements of such counsel related to such proceeding. In any such
proceeding, any Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own
counsel at its own expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnifying
Person shall pay as incurred (or within 30 days of presentation) the fees and
expenses of the counsel retained by the Indemnified Person in the event (i)
the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified Person shall have mutually agreed
to the retention of such counsel, (ii) the named parties to any such
proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnifying
Person and the Indemnified Person and representation of both parties by the
same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing
interests between them or (iii) the Indemnifying Person shall have failed to
assume the defense and employ counsel reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified
Person within a reasonable period of time after notice of commencement of the
action. It is understood that the Indemnifying Person shall not, in connection
with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable
for the reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm for all
such Indemnified Persons. Such firm shall be designated in writing by a
majority of Holders of Registrable Securities in the case of parties
indemnified pursuant to the first paragraph of this Section 6 and by the
Company in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to the third paragraph of
this Section 6. The Indemnifying Person shall not be liable for any settlement
of any proceeding effected without its written consent but if settled with
such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the
Indemnifying Person agrees to indemnify the Indemnified Person from and
against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. In
addition, the Indemnifying Person will not, without the prior written consent
of the Indemnified Person, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any
judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding of which
indemnification may be sought hereunder (whether or not any Indemnified Person
is an actual or potential party to such claim, action or proceeding) unless
such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of
each Indemnified Person from all liability arising out of such claim, action
or proceeding.

                  To the extent the indemnification provided for in this
Section 6 is unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an Indemnified
Person under the first or third paragraph of this Section 6 in respect of any
losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses (or actions or proceedings in
respect thereof) referred to therein, except by reason of the exceptions set
forth in

                                     -17-
<PAGE>


the first or third paragraphs of this Section 6 or the failure of the
Indemnified Person to give notice as required in the fourth paragraph of this
Section 6, then each Indemnifying Person shall contribute to the amount paid
or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or expenses (or actions or proceedings in respect
thereof) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of
the Indemnifying Person on the one hand and the Indemnified Person on the
other in connection with the statements or omissions which resulted in such
losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses (or actions or proceedings in
respect thereof), as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The
relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things,
whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the
omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information
supplied by the Company on the one hand or such Indemnified Holder on the
other and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and
opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.

                  The Company and the Holders agree that it would not be just
and equitable if contributions pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph
of this Section 6 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other
method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable
considerations referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. The amount
paid or payable by an Indemnified Person as a result of the losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or expenses (or actions or proceedings in respect
thereof) referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph shall be deemed to
include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified
Person in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim
or enforcing any rights hereunder. Notwithstanding the provisions of this
paragraph and the immediately preceding paragraph of this Section 6, (i) in no
event shall any Holder be required to contribute any amount in excess of the
amount by which the net proceeds received by such Holder from the offering or
sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement
exceeds the amount of damages which such Holder would have otherwise been
required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or
omission or alleged omission and (ii) no Person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act)
shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such
fraudulent misrepresentation.

                  Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6, any losses,
claims, damages, liabilities or expenses for which an Indemnified Person is
entitled to indemnification or contribution under this Section 6 shall be paid
by the Indemnifying Person to the Indemnified Person as such losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or expenses are incurred (or within thirty (30) days of
presentation).

                  The remedies provided for in this Section 6 are not
exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies that may otherwise be
available to any indemnified party at law or in equity.

                                     -18-
<PAGE>


                  The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this
Section 6 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of
(i) any termination of this Agreement, (ii) any investigation made by or on
behalf of any Holder or any Person controlling any Holder or by or on behalf
of the Company, its officers or directors or any other Person controlling any
of the Company and (iii) acceptance of and payment for any of the Registrable
Securities.

7.       Underwritten Registrations.

                  If any of the Registrable Securities covered by any Shelf
Registration are to be sold in an underwritten offering, the investment banker
or investment bankers and manager or managers that will manage the offering
will be selected by, and the underwriting arrangements with respect thereto
will be approved by, the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities
to be included in such offering in consultation with the Company; provided,
that no managing investment banker or underwriter shall be chosen to which the
Company shall reasonably object.

                  No Holder of Registrable Securities may participate in any
underwritten registration hereunder unless such Holder (a) agrees to sell such
Holder's Registrable Securities on the basis provided in any underwriting
arrangements approved by the Persons entitled to approve such arrangements and
(b) completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of attorney,
indemnities, underwriting agreements and other documents reasonably required
under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

8.       Rule 144

                  The Company covenants that it will file the reports required
to be filed by it under the Indenture, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations adopted by the SEC thereunder in a timely
manner, other than the filing by the Company of its annual report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2004 by April 30, 2005, in accordance with the
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and, for so long as
any Registrable Securities remain outstanding, if at any time the Company is
not required to file such reports, it will (a) make publicly available such
information as is necessary to permit sales pursuant to Rule 144 and (b) take
such further action, if any, that is reasonable in the circumstances, in each
case, to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell
its Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act
within the limitation of the exemptions provided by (i) Rule 144 or (ii) any
similar rules or regulations hereafter adopted by the SEC. Upon the request of
any Holder of Registrable Securities, the Company will deliver to such Holder
a written statement as to whether it has complied with such requirements.

9.       Miscellaneous.

                  (a) No Inconsistent Agreements. Other than the Note Purchase
Agreement and Notes Registration Rights Agreement, to the extent that either
thereof may be inconsistent with the rights granted to the Holders of
Registrable Securities in this Agreement or otherwise in conflict with the
provisions hereof, the Company has not, as of the date hereof, and the Company
shall not, after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement, with
respect to any of its

                                     -19-
<PAGE>


securities, that is inconsistent with the rights granted to the Holders of
Registrable Securities in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the
provisions hereof.

                  (b) Adjustments Affecting Registrable Securities. The
Company shall not, directly or indirectly, take any action with respect to the
Registrable Securities as a class that would materially and adversely affect
the ability of the Holders of Registrable Securities to include such
Registrable Securities in a registration undertaken pursuant to this
Agreement.

                  (c) Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement
may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to
departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, otherwise than with
the prior written consent of the Company and the Holders of not less than a
majority of Registrable Securities then outstanding; provided, however, that
Section 6 and this Section 9(c) may not be amended, modified or supplemented
without the prior written consent of the Company and each Holder (including,
in the case of an amendment, modification or supplement of Section 6, any
Person who was a Holder of Registrable Securities disposed of pursuant to any
Registration Statement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to
depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates
exclusively to the rights of Holders of Registrable Securities whose
securities are being sold pursuant to a Registration Statement and that does
not directly or indirectly affect, impair, limit or compromise the rights of
other Holders of Registrable Securities may be given by Holders of at least a
majority of the Registrable Securities being sold by such Holders pursuant to
such Registration Statement.

                  (d) Notices. All notices and other communications provided
for or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand delivery,
registered first-class mail, next-day air courier or facsimile:

                           (1) if to a Holder, at the most current address of
such Holder set forth on the stock ledger of the Company unless any Holder
shall have provided notice information in a Notice and Questionnaire or any
amendment thereto, in which case such information shall control.

                           (2) if to the Company:

                                    RCN Corporation
                                    105 Carnegie Center
                                    Princeton, New Jersey 08540
                                    Facsimile No.:  (609) 734-3701
                                    Attention:  Deborah M. Royster, Esq.

                               with copies to (which shall not constitute
                               notice):

                                     -20-
<PAGE>


                                    Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
                                    Four Times Square
                                    New York, New York 10036
                                    Facsimile No.:  (212) 735-2000
                                    Attention:  Alan G. Straus, Esq.

                  All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have
been duly given, when delivered by hand, if personally delivered, five (5)
Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed;
one Business Day after being timely delivered to a next-day air courier; and
when the addressor receives facsimile confirmation, if sent by facsimile
during normal business hours, and otherwise on the next Business Day during
normal business hours.

                  (e) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to
the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of each of the
parties hereto, including, without limitation, the Holders and, without the
need for an express assignment, subsequent Holders. If any transferee of any
Holder shall acquire the Registrable Securities, in any manner, whether by
operation of law or otherwise, such Registrable Securities shall be held
subject to all of the terms of this Agreement, and by taking and holding such
Registrable Securities, such Person shall be conclusively deemed to have
agreed to be bound by and to perform all of the terms and provisions of this
Agreement and such Person shall be entitled to receive the benefits hereof.

                  (f) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

                  (g) Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the
meaning hereof.

                  (h) Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and
interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the
State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of
law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other
jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the
address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If any provision of
this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such
invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or
enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO REQUEST A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY
LITIGATION WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND REPRESENTS THAT COUNSEL HAS BEEN
CONSULTED SPECIFICALLY AS TO THIS WAIVER.

                                     -21-
<PAGE>


                  (i) Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or
restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full
force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and
the parties hereto shall use their best efforts to find and employ an
alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that
contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby
stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions
without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable.

                  (j) Securities Held by the Company or Its Affiliates.
Whenever the consent or approval of Holders of a majority is required
hereunder, Registrable Securities held by the Company or its affiliates (as
such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) shall not be
counted in determining whether such consent or approval was given by the
Holders of such required majority.

                  (k) Third-Party Beneficiaries. Holders of Registrable
Securities are intended third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and the
Company and each Holder shall have the right to enforce this Agreement
directly to the extent it deems such enforcement necessary or advisable to
protect its rights or the rights of Holders hereunder.

                  (l) Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Plan
of Reorganization, Note Purchase Agreement and Notes Registration Rights
Agreement, is intended by the parties as a final and exclusive statement of
the agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the
subject matter contained herein and therein and any and all prior oral or
written agreements, representations, or warranties, contracts, understandings,
correspondence, conversations and memoranda between the Holders on the one
hand and the Company on the other, or between or among any agents,
representatives, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors in interest
or successors in interest with respect to the subject matter hereof and
thereof are merged herein and replaced hereby.


                           [Signature page follows]

                                     -22-
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration
Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.


                                          RCN CORPORATION


                                          By: /s/ Deborah M. Royster
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Deborah M. Royster
                                              Title: Senior Vice President,
                                                     General Counsel and
                                                     Corporate Secretary


                                          Raptor Global Portfolio Ltd.


                                          By: /s/ Stephen N. Waldman
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Stephen N. Waldman
                                              Title: Managing Director, Tudor
                                                     Investment Corporation,
                                                     Investment Adviser


                                          Tudor BVI Global Portfolio Ltd.


                                          By: /s/ Stephen N. Waldman
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Stephen N. Waldman
                                              Title: Managing Director, Tudor
                                                     Investment Corporation,
                                                     Investment Adviser


                                          The Altar Rock Fund, L.P.


                                          By: /s/ Stephen N. Waldman
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Stephen N. Waldman
                                              Title: Managing Director, Tudor
                                                     Investment Corporation,
                                                     Investment Adviser


                                          Tudor Proprietary Trading, L.L.C.


                                          By: /s/ Stephen N. Waldman
                                              ----------------------------------
                                             Name:  Stephen N. Waldman
                                             Title: Managing Director, Tudor
                                                    Investment Corporation,
                                                    Investment Adviser

<PAGE>

                                  Appendix A


                           Notice and Questionnaire
                           ------------------------


<PAGE>



            FORM OF SELLING SECURITYHOLDER NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE

                  The undersigned beneficial holder of common stock, par value
$0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of RCN Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), understands that the Company has filed or intends
to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement
(the "Shelf Registration Statement") for the registration and resale of the
Registrable Securities in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights
Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004 (the "Registration Rights
Agreement"), by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein. A copy
of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon
request at the address set forth below.

                  Each beneficial owner of Registrable Securities is entitled
to the benefits of the Registration Rights Agreement. In order to sell or
otherwise dispose of any Registrable Securities pursuant to the Shelf
Registration Statement, a beneficial owner of Registrable Securities generally
will be required to be named as a selling securityholder in the related
prospectus, deliver a prospectus to each purchaser of Registrable Securities
and be bound by those provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement
applicable to such beneficial owner (including certain indemnification
provisions, as described below). Beneficial owners are encouraged to complete
and deliver this Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire prior to the
effectiveness of the Shelf Registration Statement so that such beneficial
owners may be named as selling securityholders in the related prospectus at
the time of effectiveness. Any beneficial owner of shares of Common Stock
wishing to include its Registrable Securities must deliver to the Company a
properly completed and signed Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire.

                  Certain legal consequences arise from being named as a
selling securityholder in the Shelf Registration Statement and the related
prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable
Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding
the consequences of being named or not being named as a selling securityholder
in the Shelf Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

Notice

                  The undersigned beneficial owner (the "Selling
Securityholder") of Registrable Securities hereby gives notice to the Company
of its intention to sell or otherwise dispose of Registrable Securities
beneficially owned by it and listed below in Item 3 (unless otherwise
specified under Item 3) pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement. The
undersigned, by signing and returning this Selling Securityholder Notice and
Questionnaire, understands that it will be bound by the terms and conditions
of this Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire and the Registration
Rights Agreement.

                  The undersigned hereby provides the following information to
the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate and
complete as of the date below:


<PAGE>


Questionnaire

1.       (a)      Full Legal Name of Selling Securityholder:

                  ______________________________________________________________

         (b)      Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a)
                  above) through which Registrable Securities listed in (3)
                  below are held:

                  ______________________________________________________________

         (c)      Full Legal Name of DTC Participant (if applicable and if not
                  the same as (b) above) through which Registrable Securities
                  listed in (3) below are held:

                  ______________________________________________________________

2. Address for Notices to Selling Securityholder:

         __________________________________________________________________

         __________________________________________________________________

         Telephone: __________________________________________________

         Fax: ________________________________________________________

         Contact Person: _____________________________________________

3. Beneficial Ownership of Registrable Securities:

         (a)     Type and Principal Amount of Registrable Securities
                 beneficially owned:

                  ______________________________________________________________

                  ______________________________________________________________

         (b)      CUSIP No(s). of Registrable Securities beneficially owned:

                  ______________________________________________________________

                  ______________________________________________________________

4.       If other than a natural person, please indicate the form or
         organization of the Selling Securityholder (e.g., corporation,
         limited liability company, limited partnership, general partnership,
         trust, estate, etc.):

         __________________________________________________________________

5.       If the Selling Securityholder is not a natural person, and is not a
         publicly traded entity, please identify the individuals who
         beneficially own the shares or interests of the Selling

<PAGE>

         Securityholder (including any intermediate entities through which
         such beneficial ownership is held) and the amounts and percentages of
         such ownership:

         __________________________________________________________________

         __________________________________________________________________

6.       Please indicate whether the Selling Securityholder is a "broker" or a
         "dealer" (as such terms are defined in Section 3 of the Securities
         Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) or an affiliate of any broker or
         dealer.

         __________________________________________________________________

         __________________________________________________________________

7.       If the Selling Securityholder is an affiliate of any broker or
         dealer, please indicate by checking the appropriate box whether the
         answer to the following questions is "True" or "False."

         (a)      The Selling Securityholder purchased the Registrable
                  Securities in the ordinary course of business.

                              ___ True ___ False

         (b)      At the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to
                  be resold, the Selling Securityholder had no agreements or
                  understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to
                  distribute them.

                              ___ True ___ False

8.       Beneficial Ownership of the Company's securities owned by the Selling
         Securityholder:

         Except as set forth below in this Item (4), the undersigned is not
         the beneficial or registered owner of any "Other Securities," defined
         as securities of the Company other than the Registrable Securities
         listed above in Item (3).

         (a)     Type and Amount of Other Securities beneficially owned by the
                 Selling Securityholder:

                  ______________________________________________________________

                  ______________________________________________________________

         (b)     CUSIP No(s). of such Other Securities beneficially owned:

                  ______________________________________________________________

                  ______________________________________________________________

<PAGE>

9.       Relationship with the Company:

         Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its
         affiliates, officers, directors or principal equityholders (5% or
         more) has held any position or office or has had any other material
         relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates)
         during the past three years.

         State any exceptions here:

         __________________________________________________________________

         __________________________________________________________________

         __________________________________________________________________

         __________________________________________________________________

10.      Plan of Distribution:

         Except as set forth below, the undersigned (including its donees or
         pledgees) intends to distribute the Registrable Securities listed
         above in Item (3) pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement only
         as follows (if at all): Such Registrable Securities may be sold from
         time to time directly by the undersigned or alternatively, through
         underwriters, broker-dealers or agents (with the prior agreement of
         the Company). If the Registrable Securities are sold through
         underwriters or broker-dealers, the Selling Securityholder will be
         responsible for underwriting discounts or commissions or agent's
         commissions. Such Registrable Securities may be sold in one or more
         transactions at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time
         of sale, at varying prices determined at the time of sale or at
         negotiated prices. Such sales may be effected in transactions (which
         may involve block transactions) (i) on any national securities
         exchange or quotation service on which the Registrable Securities may
         be listed or quoted at the time of sale, (ii) in the over-the-counter
         market, (iii) in transactions otherwise than on such exchanges or
         services or in the over-the-counter market or (iv) through the
         writing of options. In connection with sales of the Registrable
         Securities or otherwise, the undersigned may enter into hedging
         transactions with broker-dealers, which may in turn engage in short
         sales of the Registrable Securities and deliver Registrable
         Securities to close out such short positions, or loan or pledge
         Registrable Securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell such
         securities.

         State any exceptions here:

         __________________________________________________________________

         __________________________________________________________________

         __________________________________________________________________

         __________________________________________________________________



                  The undersigned acknowledges that it understands its
obligation to comply with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and the rules thereunder relating to stock manipulation,
particularly Regulation M thereunder (or any successor rules or

<PAGE>

regulations), in connection with any offering of Registrable Securities
pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement. The undersigned agrees that
neither it nor any person acting on its behalf will engage in any transaction
in violation of such provisions.

                  The Selling Securityholder hereby acknowledges its
obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement to indemnify and hold
harmless certain persons as set forth therein.

                  Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company
has agreed under certain circumstances to indemnify the Selling Securityholder
against certain liabilities.

                  In accordance with the undersigned's obligation under the
Registration Rights Agreement to provide such information as may be required
by law for inclusion in the Shelf Registration Statement, the undersigned
agrees to promptly notify the Company of any inaccuracies or changes in the
information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at
any time while the Shelf Registration Statement remains effective. All notices
hereunder and pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement shall be made in
writing at the address set forth below.

                  By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure
of the information contained herein in its answers to items (1) through (10)
above and the inclusion of such information in the Shelf Registration
Statement and the related prospectus. The undersigned understands that such
information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the
preparation or amendment of the Shelf Registration Statement and the related
prospectus.

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, by authority duly
given, has caused this Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire to be
executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized agent.

Dated:                                     Beneficial Owner


                                           By:__________________________________
                                                Name:
                                                Title:


  PLEASE RETURN THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED SELLING SECURITYHOLDER NOTICE AND
                              QUESTIONNAIRE TO:

                                RCN Corporation
                          [General Counsel's Office]
                              105 Carnegie Center
                          Princeton, New Jersey 08540
                           Telephone: (609) 734-3700
                           Facsimile: (609) 734-3701


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>s493151.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.3 - NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                   Exhibit 4.3


===============================================================================








                               RCN CORPORATION,

                                as the Company,

                                THE GUARANTORS,

                              as defined herein,

                                      and

                                THE PURCHASERS,

                              as defined herein.



                            NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                 7.375% Convertible Second-Lien Notes due 2012



                         Dated as of December 21, 2004







================================================================================

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                                                 Page

<S>               <C>                                                                                            <C>

SECTION 1.        AUTHORIZATION; PURCHASE AND SALE OF NOTES.......................................................2

         (a)      Authorization of Notes..........................................................................2
         (b)      Purchase and Sale of Notes......................................................................2
         (c)      Closing.........................................................................................2
         (d)      Form of Payment.................................................................................2

SECTION 2.        PURCHASERS' REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES......................................................3

         (a)      Investment Purpose..............................................................................3
         (b)      Accredited Investor Status......................................................................3
         (c)      Reliance on Exemptions..........................................................................3
         (d)      Information.....................................................................................3
         (e)      No Governmental Review..........................................................................3
         (f)      Transfer or Resale..............................................................................4
         (g)      Authorization; Enforcement; Validity............................................................4

SECTION 3.        REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY AND THE GUARANTORS................................4

         (a)      Organizational Status...........................................................................4
         (b)      Power and Authority.............................................................................4
         (c)      No Violation....................................................................................5
         (d)      The Security Documents..........................................................................5
         (e)      Capitalization..................................................................................6
         (f)      Subsidiaries....................................................................................6
         (g)      Issuance of Securities..........................................................................6
         (h)      Approvals.......................................................................................7
         (i)      Compliance with Statutes, etc...................................................................7
         (j)      SEC Documents...................................................................................7
         (k)      Financial Statements; Financial Condition; Undisclosed Liabilities..............................8
         (l)      True and Complete Disclosure....................................................................8
         (m)      Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations.............................................................9
         (n)      Indebtedness....................................................................................9
         (o)      Litigation......................................................................................9
         (p)      Intellectual Property, etc......................................................................9
         (q)      Insurance.......................................................................................9
         (r)      Tax Returns and Payments........................................................................9
         (s)      Representations and Warranties in Other Documents..............................................10
         (t)      FCC Licenses and Other Governmental Authorizations.............................................10
         (u)      Compliance with ERISA..........................................................................12
         (v)      Labor Relations................................................................................12
         (w)      Properties.....................................................................................13
         (x)      Environmental Matters..........................................................................13
         (y)      Intercreditor Agreement........................................................................14
         (z)      Certain Agreements.............................................................................14
         (aa)     Event of Default...............................................................................14
         (bb)     Dilutive Effect................................................................................14
         (cc)     Insolvency.....................................................................................14
         (dd)     Effect of Transactions.........................................................................15
         (ee)     Registration Rights............................................................................15
         (ff)     No Integrated Offering.........................................................................15
         (gg)     Application of Takeover Protections............................................................15
         (hh)     Investment Company Act.........................................................................16
         (ii)     Public Utility Holdings Company Act............................................................16
         (jj)     No Subsidiary Restrictions.....................................................................16
         (kk)     Internal Controls..............................................................................16
         (ll)     Independent Accountants........................................................................16
         (mm)     Sarbanes-Oxley Act.............................................................................16
         (nn)     RCN International..............................................................................16
         (oo)     Brokers and Finders............................................................................17

SECTION 4.        COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES.......................................................................17

         (a)      Obligations....................................................................................17
         (b)      Form D and Blue Sky............................................................................17
         (c)      Reporting Status...............................................................................17
         (d)      Use of Proceeds................................................................................18
         (e)      Reservation of Shares..........................................................................18
         (f)      Fees and Expenses..............................................................................18
         (g)      Limits on Additional Issuances.................................................................18
         (h)      No Solicitation................................................................................18
         (i)      Independent Nature of Purchasers' Obligations and Rights.......................................19
         (j)      Board Seat.....................................................................................19
         (k)      Listing of Common Stock........................................................................20
         (l)      Compliance with Laws...........................................................................21
         (m)      Takeover Provisions............................................................................21
         (n)      PORTAL Market..................................................................................21

SECTION 5.        TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS....................................................................22

SECTION 6.        CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANY'S OBLIGATION TO CLOSE................................................22

         (a)      Representations and Warranties; Covenants......................................................22
         (b)      Payment of Purchase Price......................................................................23

SECTION 7.        CONDITIONS TO EACH PURCHASER'S OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE THE NOTES................................23

         (a)      Representations and Warranties; Covenants......................................................23
         (b)      Indebtedness...................................................................................23
         (c)      Plan of Reorganization.........................................................................23
         (d)      Confirmation Order.............................................................................23
         (e)      First-Lien Credit Facility.....................................................................23
         (f)      Purchase of Notes..............................................................................24
         (g)      No Material Adverse Effect.....................................................................24
         (h)      No Legal Impediment to Issuance................................................................24
         (i)      Laminar Board Member...........................................................................24
         (j)      Payment of Fees................................................................................24
         (k)      Registration Rights Agreement..................................................................24
         (l)      Indenture......................................................................................24
         (m)      Intercreditor Agreement........................................................................24
         (n)      Guaranty Agreement.............................................................................24
         (o)      Security Agreement.............................................................................25
         (p)      Pledge Agreement...............................................................................25
         (q)      Mortgages; Title Insurance; Surveys; etc.......................................................26
         (r)      Solvency Opinion; Insurance Certificates.......................................................27
         (s)      Delivery of Notes..............................................................................27
         (t)      Reservation of Common Stock....................................................................27
         (u)      Opinion of Counsel for the Company and the Guarantors..........................................27
         (v)      Good Standings.................................................................................27
         (w)      Officers' Certificates.........................................................................28
         (x)      Filings; Authorizations........................................................................28
         (y)      Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions........................................................28
         (z)      Financing Statements...........................................................................28

SECTION 8.        INDEMNIFICATION................................................................................28

         (a)      Indemnification by the Company and the Guarantors..............................................28
         (b)      No Liability...................................................................................29
         (c)      Procedures for Indemnification.................................................................29
         (d)      Contribution...................................................................................30
         (e)      Survival of Representations and Warranties; Indemnification Obligations........................30

SECTION 9.        MISCELLANEOUS..................................................................................30

         (a)      Terms Defined..................................................................................30
         (b)      Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial..............................................35
         (c)      Counterparts...................................................................................35
         (d)      Headings.......................................................................................35
         (e)      Entire Agreement...............................................................................35
         (f)      Consents.......................................................................................35
         (g)      Amendments, Modifications and Waivers..........................................................36
         (h)      Notices........................................................................................36
         (i)      Further Assurances.............................................................................36
         (j)      Third-Party Beneficiaries......................................................................37
         (k)      Severability...................................................................................37
         (l)      Successors and Assigns.........................................................................37
         (m)      Publicity......................................................................................37
         (n)      Termination....................................................................................37
         (o)      Payment Set Aside..............................................................................37
         (p)      Taxes..........................................................................................38

</TABLE>


<PAGE>


                            NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                  THIS NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is dated as
of December 21, 2004, and entered into by and among RCN Corporation, a
Delaware corporation (the "Company"), each subsidiary of the Company listed on
Schedule I hereto that is required to be a guarantor under the Indenture (as
defined below) (each a "Guarantor", and collectively, the "Guarantors"), and
the institutional investors whose names and addresses are listed on Schedule
II and Schedule III hereto (each a "Purchaser", and collectively, the
"Purchasers"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall
have the meanings ascribed to such terms in Section 9.1 of this Agreement.

                  WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue and sell, and the Purchasers have
severally agreed to purchase in the aggregate One Hundred Twenty-Five Million
Dollars ($125,000,000) principal amount of the Company's 7.375% Convertible
Second-Lien Notes due 2012 substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A to
the Indenture (as defined below), as such form of note may be amended,
modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms
thereof (each a "Note" and collectively, the "Notes"), which shall be
convertible into shares of the common stock outstanding after giving effect to
the Joint Plan of Reorganization of the Company and certain of its
Subsidiaries filed with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern
District of New York (the "Bankruptcy Court") on October 12, 2004, and any
amendments or supplements thereto (as so amended or supplemented, the "Plan of
Reorganization") and pursuant to Section 1145 of Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the
United States Code, 11 U.S.C. ss.ss. 101 et seq. (the "Bankruptcy Code"), par
value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the "Common Stock"; and the shares of
Common Stock into which the Notes are convertible are sometimes referred to
herein as the "Conversion Shares"). The Notes will be issued pursuant to an
Indenture, dated as of December 21, 2004 (the "Indenture"), by and among the
Company, the Guarantors and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Trustee
(the "Trustee");

                  WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, the Company and each of the Purchasers are entering into a
Registration Rights Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A (as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to
time in accordance with the terms thereof, the "Registration Rights
Agreement") pursuant to which the Company will agree to provide the Purchasers
with the benefit of certain registration rights under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the
"Securities Act"), and applicable state securities laws, on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth therein;

                  WHEREAS, to induce the Purchasers to enter into this
Agreement, the Company and the Guarantors have agreed to enter into a Pledge
Agreement in a form mutually satisfactory to the Company, the Guarantors and
the Purchasers (as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time
to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the "Pledge Agreement"), a
Security Agreement in a form mutually satisfactory to the Company, the
Guarantors and the Purchasers (as the same may be amended, modified or
supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the
"Security Agreement"), an Intercreditor Agreement (as defined in the
Indenture), a Subsidiaries Guaranty Agreement in a form mutually satisfactory
to the Company, the Guarantors and the Purchasers (as the same may be amended,
modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms
thereof, the "Guaranty Agreement") and such other documents required to grant
a valid and perfected second-priority lien and security interest in the
collateral of the Company and the Guarantors (collectively, with the Pledge
Agreement, Security Agreement and Guaranty Agreement, the "Security
Documents"); and

                  WHEREAS, the Notes will be secured by the collateral so
described in the Security Documents, subject to the limitations specified
therein.

                  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the
mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Company, the Guarantors and each of the Purchasers hereby
agree as follows:

SECTION 1.        AUTHORIZATION; PURCHASE AND SALE OF NOTES.

                  (a) Authorization of Notes. The Company has duly authorized
the issue and sale of (i) $125,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Notes
and (ii) the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes in accordance
with the terms of the Indenture and the Notes. The Notes are being issued
pursuant to the Indenture.

                  (b) Purchase and Sale of Notes. On the basis of the
representations, warranties and agreements contained herein, and subject to
the terms and conditions hereof, including, without limitation, the
satisfaction (or waiver, to the extent permitted by this Agreement and
applicable law) of the conditions set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 of this
Agreement, on the Closing Date (as defined herein) the Company shall issue and
sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser severally and not jointly agrees to
purchase from the Company, the respective aggregate principal amount of Notes
set forth opposite such Purchaser's name on Schedule II and Schedule III
hereto. The Company shall issue to each Purchaser One Thousand United States
Dollars ($1,000) principal amount of the Notes for each One Thousand United
States Dollars ($1,000) tendered by each such Purchaser.

                  (c) Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement (the "Closing") shall take place at 10:00 a.m., New York City
time, on the second Business Day (as defined below) following the date on
which the last to be fulfilled or waived of the conditions set forth in
Section 6 and Section 7 hereof shall have been fulfilled or waived in
accordance with this Agreement, or on such other date as may be mutually
agreed to by the Company and the Purchasers (the "Closing Date"), at the
offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, Four Times Square, New
York, New York, or such other location as the Purchasers and the Company shall
mutually select. As used herein, "Business Day" shall mean any day other than
a Saturday, a Sunday or any day on which commercial banks are permitted or
required to be closed in New York City.

                  (d) Form of Payment. On the Closing Date, (i) each Purchaser
shall pay the Company for the Notes to be issued and sold to such Purchaser,
by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with the
Company's wire transfer instructions attached hereto on Exhibit B, (ii) the
Company shall reimburse each Purchaser for its expenses to the extent required
by Section 4(f) of this Agreement, and (iii) the Company shall issue one or
more definitive global securities representing the Notes purchased by each
Purchaser in book entry form and which shall be deposited by or on behalf of
the Company with The Depository Trust Company ("DTC"). The parties hereto
acknowledge that the Company's agreements with each of the Purchasers are
separate agreements and the sale to each of the Purchasers are separate sales.

SECTION 2.        PURCHASERS' REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

                  Each Purchaser severally and not jointly represents and
warrants to the Company and the Guarantors as follows:

                  (a) Investment Purpose. Purchaser is acquiring the Notes for
its own account for investment only and not with a view towards, or for resale
in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant
to sales registered or exempted from registration under the Securities Act;
provided, however, that by making the representations herein, Purchaser does
not agree to hold any of the Notes or the Conversion Shares (collectively, the
"Securities") for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to
dispose of the Securities at any time.

                  (b) Accredited Investor Status. Purchaser is an
institutional "accredited investor" as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of
Regulation D under the Securities Act.

                  (c) Reliance on Exemptions. Purchaser understands that the
Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions
from the registration requirements of the United States federal and state
securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and such Purchaser's compliance with, the representations and warranties
of Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such
exemptions and the eligibility of Purchaser to acquire the Securities.

                  (d) Information. Purchaser has such knowledge and experience
in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of its investment in the Company as contemplated by this Agreement,
and is able to bear the economic risk of such investment for an indefinite
period of time. Purchaser has been furnished access to such information and
documents as it has requested and has been afforded an opportunity to ask
questions of and receive answers from representatives of the Company
concerning the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the purchase of the
Securities contemplated hereby. Neither such inquiries nor any other due
diligence investigations conducted by such Purchaser or its advisors, if any,
or its representatives shall limit, modify, amend or affect the Company's
representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document and Purchaser's right to rely thereon.

                  (e) No Governmental Review. Such Purchaser understands that
no United States federal or state agency or any other government or
governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of
the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the
Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the
offering of the Securities.

                  (f) Transfer or Resale. Purchaser understands that the
Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state
securities laws. Purchaser further understands that, except as and to the
extent provided in the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has not
agreed to cause the Securities to be so registered, and that the Securities
may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred without
registration under the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and that, in
the absence of an effective registration statement under the Securities Act,
such Securities may only be sold under certain circumstances as set forth in
the Securities Act.

                  (g) Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. Purchaser has
taken all action necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and its obligations hereunder, and, upon
execution and delivery by the Company and the Guarantors, this Agreement shall
constitute the valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against
Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except that such enforcement may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar
laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditors' rights and by general
principles of equity.

                  The Purchaser's representations and warranties made in this
Section 2 are made solely for the purpose of permitting the Company to make a
determination that the offer and sale of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement
complies with applicable United States federal and state securities laws and
not for any other purpose. Accordingly, the Company shall not rely on such
representations and warranties for any other purpose.

SECTION 3.        REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY AND THE
GUARANTORS.

                  The Company and the Guarantors jointly and severally
represent and warrant to each of the Purchasers as follows:

                  (a) Organizational Status. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries (i) is a duly organized and validly existing corporation,
partnership or limited liability company, as the case may be, in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has the
corporate, partnership or limited liability company power and authority, as
the case may be, to own its property and assets and to transact the business
in which it is engaged and presently proposes to engage and (iii) is duly
qualified and is authorized to do business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction where the ownership, leasing or operation of its property or the
conduct of its business requires such qualifications except for failures to be
so qualified which, either individually or in the aggregate, could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (b) Power and Authority. The Company and each Guarantor has
the corporate, partnership or limited liability company power and authority,
as the case may be, to execute, deliver and perform the terms and provisions
of this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to which it is party
and has taken all necessary corporate, partnership or limited liability
company action, as the case may be, to authorize the execution, delivery and
performance by it of this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents. The
Company and each Guarantor has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and
each of the Transaction Documents to which it is party, and this Agreement and
each of the Transaction Documents constitutes its legal, valid and binding
obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that
the enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws generally
affecting creditors' rights and by equitable principles (regardless of whether
enforcement is sought in equity or at law).

                  (c) No Violation. Neither the execution, delivery or
performance by the Company or any Guarantor of this Agreement or any of the
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, nor compliance by it with the
terms and provisions thereof, (i) will contravene any provision of any law,
statute, rule or regulation or any order, writ, injunction or decree of any
court or governmental instrumentality or the terms of any FCC License (as
defined herein) or other Governmental Authorization (as defined herein), (ii)
will conflict with or result in any breach of any of the terms, covenants,
conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the
creation or imposition of (or the obligation to create or impose) any Lien
(except pursuant to the Security Documents) upon any of the property or assets
of the Company or any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries
pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or credit
agreement or any other material agreement, contract or instrument, in each
case to which the Company, any Guarantor or any of their respective
Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its property or assets is
bound or to which it may be subject, except for such conflicts, breaches or
defaults that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material
Adverse Effect or (iii) will violate any provision of the certificate or
articles of incorporation, certificate of formation, limited liability company
agreement or by-laws (or equivalent organizational documents), as applicable,
of the Company or any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries.

                  (d) The Security Documents.

         (1) The provisions of the Security Agreement are effective to create
in favor of HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Collateral Agent (the
"Collateral Agent"), for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, a legal, valid
and enforceable security interest in all right, title and interest of the
Company and each of the Guarantors in the Security Agreement Collateral
described therein, and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors, has (or will have within ten (10) days of the Closing Date) a fully
perfected security interest in all right, title and interest in all of the
Security Agreement Collateral described therein, subject to no other Liens
other than Permitted Liens. Following the recordation of (x) the grant of
security interest in U.S. patents, if applicable, and (y) the grant of
security interest in U.S. trademarks, if applicable, in the respective form
attached to the Security Agreement, in each case in the United States Patent
and Trademark Office, together with filings on Form UCC-1 made pursuant to the
Security Agreement, the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors will have, as may be perfected by such filings and recordation, a
perfected security interest in the United States trademarks and patents
covered by the Security Agreement, and following the recordation of the grant
of security interest in U.S. copyrights, if applicable, in the form attached
to the Security Agreement with the United States Copyright Office, together
with filings on Form UCC-1 made pursuant to the Security Agreement, the
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors will have, as may be
perfected by such filings and recordation, a perfected security interest in
the United States copyrights covered by the Security Agreement.

         (2) The security interests created under the Pledge Agreement in
favor of the Collateral Agent, as Pledgee, for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors, constitute perfected security interests in the Pledge Agreement
Collateral described in the Pledge Agreement, subject to no security interests
of any other Person. No filings or recordings are required in order to perfect
(or maintain the perfection or priority of) the security interests created in
the Pledge Agreement Collateral under the Pledge Agreement other than with
respect to that portion of the Pledge Agreement Collateral constituting a
"general intangible" under the UCC.

         (3) Each Mortgage creates, as security for the obligations purported
to be secured thereby, a valid and enforceable perfected security interest in
and mortgage lien on the respective Mortgaged Property in favor of the
Collateral Agent (or such other trustee as may be required or desired under
local law) for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, superior and prior to the
rights of all third Persons (except that the security interest and mortgage
lien created on such Mortgaged Property may be subject to the Permitted
Encumbrances related thereto) and subject to no other Liens (other than
Permitted Liens related thereto).

                  (e) Capitalization. On the Closing Date, the authorized
capital stock of the Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock,
of which 36,020,850 shares are issued and outstanding. All outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Company have been duly and validly issued and are
fully paid and non-assessable.

                  (f) Subsidiaries. On and as of the Closing Date and after
giving effect to the Transaction, the Company has no Subsidiaries other than
those Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 3(f). Schedule 3(f) correctly sets
forth, as of the Closing Date and after giving effect to the Transaction, (i)
the percentage ownership (direct and indirect) of the Company in each class of
capital stock or other Equity Interests of each of its Subsidiaries and also
identifies the direct owner thereof and (ii) the jurisdiction of organization
of each such Subsidiary. All outstanding shares of capital stock or other
Equity Interests of each Subsidiary have been duly and validly issued, are
fully paid and non-assessable and have been issued free of preemptive rights.
On the Closing Date and after giving effect to the Transaction, except as set
forth on Schedule 3(f), no Subsidiary of the Company has outstanding any
securities convertible into or exchangeable for its capital stock or other
Equity Interests or outstanding any right to subscribe for or to purchase, or
any options or warrants for the purchase of, or any agreement providing for
the issuance (contingent or otherwise) of or any calls, commitments or claims
of any character relating to, its capital stock or other Equity Interests or
any stock appreciation or similar rights.

                  (g) Issuance of Securities. All of the (i) shares of capital
stock of the Company outstanding after giving effect to the Plan of
Reorganization and pursuant to Section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code and (ii)
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Guarantors have, in each case, been
duly and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable, and were issued
in accordance with the registration or qualification requirements of the
Securities Act and any relevant state securities laws or pursuant to valid
exemptions therefrom. Upon issuance, sale and delivery as contemplated by this
Agreement, the Notes will be duly authorized and fully paid and free and clear
of any and all security interests, pledges, liens, charges, claims, options,
restrictions on transfer, preemptive or similar rights, proxies and voting or
other agreements, or other encumbrances of any nature whatsoever
("Encumbrances"), except for those created by the Security Documents and other
than restrictions on transfer imposed by United States federal or state
securities laws. At the Closing, at least 5,216,614 shares of Common Stock
will have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance upon conversion of
the Notes. Upon conversion or issuance in accordance with the Notes, the
Conversion Shares will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable and free and clear of any and all Encumbrances, except for those
created by the Security Documents, those created by the documents required to
grant a valid and perfected first-priority lien and security interest in the
collateral of the Company and the Guarantors and other than restrictions on
transfer imposed by United States federal or state securities laws. Upon
conversion or issuance in accordance with the Notes, the holders of the
Conversion Shares will be entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of
Common Stock. Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of
the Purchasers, the issuance by the Company of the Securities is exempt from
registration under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.

                  (h) Approvals. No order, consent, approval, license,
authorization or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with
(except for (y) those that have otherwise been obtained or made on or prior to
the Closing Date and which remain in full force and effect on the Closing Date
and (z) filings which are necessary to perfect the security interests created
under the Security Documents, which filings shall have been made (or will be
made within ten (10) days of the Closing Date), or exemption by, any
governmental or public body or authority, or any subdivision thereof, is
required to be obtained or made by, or on behalf of, the Company or any
Guarantor to authorize, or is required to be obtained or made by, or on behalf
of, the Company or any Guarantor in connection with, (i) the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement or any Transaction Document or (ii)
the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Agreement or
any Transaction Document.

                  (i) Compliance with Statutes, etc. The Company and each of
its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable laws, statutes,
regulations and orders of, and all applicable restrictions imposed by, all
governmental bodies, domestic or foreign, in respect of the conduct of its
business, the holding of the FCC Licenses and the other Governmental
Authorizations and the ownership of its property (including, without
limitation, applicable statutes, regulations, orders and restrictions relating
to environmental standards and controls), except such noncompliances as could
not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

                  (j) SEC Documents. The Company has made available to the
Purchasers true and complete copies of the Company's (i) Annual Reports on
Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2001, December 31, 2002, as
amended, and December 31, 2003, as amended, as filed with the SEC, (ii)
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2004, as
amended, June 30, 2004 and September 30, 2004, as filed with the SEC, (iii)
proxy statements related to all meetings of its stockholders (whether annual
or special) held since January 1, 2003, and (iv) all other reports filed with
or registration statements declared effective by the SEC since January 1,
2003, except registration statements on Form S-8 relating to employee benefit
plans, which are all the documents (other than preliminary material) that the
Company was required to file with the SEC since that date (clauses (i) through
(iv) being referred to herein collectively as the "Company SEC Reports").
After giving effect to the filing of Form 12b-25, and except for the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004, the Company has
timely made all filings required under the Exchange Act during the twelve
months preceding the date of this Agreement. As of their respective dates, the
Company SEC Reports were duly filed and complied in all material respects with
the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may
be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder applicable to such
Company SEC Reports, including, but not limited to, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (as
defined below). As of their respective dates, the Company SEC Reports did not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.

                  (k) Financial Statements; Financial Condition; Undisclosed
Liabilities.

         (1) The consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2001, December 31, 2002, December 31, 2003,
March 31, 2004, June 30, 2004 and September 30, 2004, and the related
consolidated statements of income, cash flows and retained earnings of the
Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003 and the
six- and nine-month periods ended June 30, 2004 and September 30, 2004, copies
of which have been made available to the Purchasers prior to the Closing Date,
present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position of
the Company at the dates of such balance sheets and the consolidated results
of the operations of the Company for the periods covered thereby. All of the
foregoing historical financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with GAAP consistently applied (except, in the case of the aforementioned
quarterly or monthly financial statements, for normal year-end audit
adjustments and the absence of footnotes).

         (2) Except as fully disclosed in the financial statements made
available pursuant to Section 3(k)(1), there were as of the Closing Date no
liabilities or obligations with respect to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of any nature whatsoever (whether absolute, accrued, contingent
or otherwise and whether or not due) which, either individually or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries. As of the Closing Date, the Company knows of no basis for
the assertion against it or any of its Subsidiaries of any liability or
obligation of any nature whatsoever that is not fully disclosed in the
financial statements made available pursuant to Section 3(k)(1) or referred to
in the immediately preceding sentence which, either individually or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries.

         (3) Since December 31, 2003, there have been no changes, events
and/or occurrences that have had, or could reasonably be expected to have,
either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (l) True and Complete Disclosure. All factual information
(taken as a whole) furnished by or on behalf of the Company in writing to the
Purchasers (including, without limitation, all information contained in this
Agreement and the Transaction Documents) for purposes of or in connection with
this Agreement, the Transaction Documents or any transaction contemplated
herein or therein is, and all other such factual information (taken as a
whole) hereafter furnished by or on behalf of the Company in writing to any
Purchaser will be, true and accurate in all material respects on the date as
of which such information is dated or certified and not incomplete by omitting
to state any fact necessary to make such information (taken as a whole) not
misleading in any material respect at such time in light of the circumstances
under which such information was provided.

                  (m) Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations. All proceeds from
the issuance of the Notes will be used by the Company to consummate its Plan
of Reorganization and to pay the fees and expenses incurred therewith. The
proceeds from the issuance of the Notes will not be used to purchase or carry
any Margin Stock or to extend credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying
any Margin Stock. The issuance of the Notes will not violate or be
inconsistent with the provisions of Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation
X.

                  (n) Indebtedness. Schedule 3(n) sets forth a true and
complete list of all Indebtedness (including Contingent Obligations) of the
Company and its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date (excluding Indebtedness
incurred pursuant to First-Lien Credit Agreement, this Agreement, the
Indenture and the Third-Lien Credit Agreement) (the "Existing Indebtedness")
which is to remain outstanding after giving effect to the Transaction, in each
case showing the aggregate principal amount thereof and the name of the
respective borrower and the Company, any Guarantor or any of their respective
Subsidiaries which directly or indirectly guarantees such debt.

                  (o) Litigation. There are no actions, suits or proceedings
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Guarantor, threatened (i)
with respect to the Transaction, this Agreement or any Transaction Document or
(ii) that could reasonably be expected, either individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (p) Intellectual Property, etc. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries owns or has the right to use all the patents, trademarks,
permits, domain names, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses,
franchises, inventions, trade secrets, proprietary information and know-how of
any type, whether or not written (including, but not limited to, rights in
computer programs and databases) and formulas, or rights with respect to the
foregoing, necessary for the conduct of its business (the "Business
Intellectual Property") without any known conflict with the rights of others
arising from the Company or its Subsidiaries' use of the Business Intellectual
Property which, or the failure to obtain which, as the case may be, could
reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

                  (q) Insurance. Schedule 3(q) sets forth a true and complete
listing of all insurance maintained by the Company and its Subsidiaries as of
the Closing Date, with the amounts insured (and any deductibles) set forth
therein.

                  (r) Tax Returns and Payments. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be timely filed with the
appropriate taxing authority all federal income tax and other material
returns, statements, forms and reports for taxes (the "Returns") required to
be filed by, or with respect to the income, properties or operations of, the
Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries. The Returns accurately reflect in all
material respects all liability for taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries
for the periods covered thereby. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has
paid all taxes and assessments payable by it which have become due, other than
(i) those that are immaterial, (ii) those being contested in good faith and
adequately disclosed and fully provided for on the financial statements of the
Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (iii) those discharged
pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization and (iv) those payable over time
pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization (which taxes and assessments, in the
case of this clause (iv) and to the extent due in accordance with the Plan of
Reorganization, have been paid in all material respects in accordance with the
terms of the Plan of Reorganization). Except as set forth on Schedule 3(r),
there is no action, suit, proceeding, investigation, audit or claim now
pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company threatened by any authority
regarding any material taxes relating to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. Except as provided in Schedule 3(r), as of the Closing Date,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into an agreement
or waiver or been requested to enter into an agreement or waiver extending any
statute of limitations relating to the payment or collection of taxes of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or is aware of any circumstances that
would cause the taxable years or other taxable periods of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries not to be subject to the normally applicable statute of
limitations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred, nor
will any of them incur, any material tax liability in connection with the
Transaction or any other transactions contemplated hereby (it being understood
that the representation contained in this sentence does not cover any future
tax liabilities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries arising as a result
of the operation of their businesses in the ordinary course of business).

                  (s) Representations and Warranties in Other Documents. All
representations and warranties set forth in the First-Lien Credit Facility,
Third-Lien Credit Facility and the other Transaction Documents were true and
correct in all material respects at the time as of which such representations
and warranties were made (or deemed made) and shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the Closing Date as if such representations or
warranties were made on and as of such date (it being understood and agreed
that any such representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a
specified date shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such
specified date).

                  (t) FCC Licenses and Other Governmental Authorizations.

         (1) The Company and its Subsidiaries hold all FCC licenses,
registrations and authorizations as are necessary to the Company's and its
Subsidiaries' businesses (collectively, the "FCC Licenses"). Each of the FCC
Licenses that is material to the business of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has been validly issued and is in full force and effect. All FCC
Licenses in effect on the Closing Date and their respective expiration dates
are listed and described on Schedule 3(t). The Company has no knowledge of any
condition imposed by the FCC as part of any FCC License which is neither set
forth on the face thereof as issued by the FCC nor contained in the policies,
rules and regulations of the FCC applicable generally to business of the type,
nature, class or location of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company and
its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the terms and
conditions of the FCC Licenses applicable to it and with applicable policies,
rules and regulations of the FCC and the Communications Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Communications Act") except to the extent that any failure to
comply would not result in a Material Adverse Effect. No proceedings are
pending or are, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened which may
reasonably be expected to result in the revocation, rescission, modification,
non-renewal or suspension of any FCC License that is material to the business
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the denial of any pending
applications, the issuance of any cease and desist order or the imposition of
any fines, forfeitures or other administrative actions by the FCC with respect
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that would, if such proceedings were
decided adversely to the Borrower or the Subsidiaries, have a Material Adverse
Effect. All material reports, applications, tariffs and other documents
required to be filed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as
appropriate, with the FCC have in all material respects been timely filed and
all such reports, applications, tariffs and documents are true, correct and
complete in all material respects. To the knowledge of the Company, there are
no unsatisfied or otherwise outstanding citations, complaint proceedings,
notices of liability or notices of forfeiture issued by the FCC and received
by the Company or a Subsidiary thereof with respect to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective operations.

         (2) In addition to the FCC Licenses issued by the FCC, the Company
and its Subsidiaries hold all material licenses, certificates, registrations
and authorizations issued by any other governmental entity (domestic and
foreign) necessary to operate their respective businesses for each line of
business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries requiring such
authorization and in each jurisdiction in which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries may be deemed to be conducting their respective businesses under
applicable law (collectively, the "Governmental Authorizations"). Each of the
Governmental Authorizations has been validly issued and is in full force and
effect. The Governmental Authorizations as of the Closing Date are listed on
Schedule 3(t), with any expiration date for any such authorization identified
on Schedule 3(t), with authorizations issued by state public service or
utility commissions (or analogous state authorities) listed in Part A of
Schedule 3(t) and other Governmental Authorizations listed in Part B of
Schedule 3(t). None of the Governmental Authorizations contain any conditions
or limitations outside the normal course that would materially and adversely
restrict the operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company
and its Subsidiaries have been and are in compliance in all respects with the
terms and conditions of the Governmental Authorizations applicable to them,
except to the extent that any failure to comply would not result in a Material
Adverse Effect. Other than the proceedings of a general nature, no proceedings
are pending or are, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, and, to the
Company's knowledge, no event has occurred, which may reasonably be expected
to result in the revocation, rescission, adverse modification, non-renewal or
suspension of any Governmental Authorization that is material to the business
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the denial of any pending
applications therefor, the issuance of any cease and desist order, or the
imposition of any material fines, forfeitures, or other administrative actions
by a governmental entity. All material reports, applications, tariffs and
other documents required to be filed by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, as appropriate, with the governmental entity issuing a
Government Authorization have in all material respects been timely filed, and
all such reports, applications, tariffs and documents are true, correct and
complete in all material respects. To the knowledge of the Company, there are
no material unsatisfied or otherwise outstanding citations issued by any
governmental entity and received by the Company or a Subsidiary thereof with
respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Schedule 3(t) separately
lists all pending applications for certificates or other authorizations from
any state public service or utility commission (or analogous state authority).

         (3) The transactions contemplated herein, under applicable law
(including the Communications Act) and the applicable policies, rules,
regulations and practices of the FCC and other governmental entities, would
not disqualify the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as an assignee or
transferee of the FCC Licenses or the Governmental Authorizations or result in
the imposition of any materially adverse condition on or modification of the
FCC Licenses or the Governmental Authorizations.

                  (u) Compliance with ERISA. Schedule 3(u) sets forth, as of
the Closing Date, the name of each Plan. Each Plan (and each related trust) is
in substantial compliance with its terms and with all applicable laws,
including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code; each Plan (and each related
trust, if any) which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the
Code has received or timely applied for a determination letter from the
Internal Revenue Service to the effect that it meets the requirements of
Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code within the preceding six years; neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates has ever
maintained or contributed to, or had any obligation to maintain or contribute
to (or borne any liability with respect to) any "employee pension benefit
plan," within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA, that is a "multiemployer
plan," within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA, or that is subject to the
minimum funding standards of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA
or subject to Title IV of ERISA; neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates has any obligation to maintain or contribute
to (or borne any liability with respect to) any Foreign Pension Plan; all
contributions required to be made with respect to a Plan have been timely
made; neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA Affiliate
has incurred any material liability (including any indirect, contingent or
secondary liability) to or on account of a Plan pursuant to Section 409,
502(i), 502(l), 515, 4204 or 4212 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or
expects to incur any such liability under any of the foregoing sections with
respect to any Plan; no condition exists which presents a material risk to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate of incurring a
liability to or on account of a Plan pursuant to the foregoing provisions of
ERISA and the Code; no action, suit, proceeding, hearing, audit or
investigation with respect to the administration, operation or the investment
of assets of any Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) is pending,
expected or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened; each group health
plan (as defined in Section 607(1) of ERISA or Section 4980B(g)(2) of the
Code) which covers or has covered employees or former employees of the
Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any ERISA Affiliate has at all times been
operated in compliance with the provisions of Part 6 of subtitle B of Title I
of ERISA and Section 4980B of the Code, except to the extent that any failure
to comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a material liability
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; each group health plan (as defined
in 45 Code of Federal Regulations Section 160.103) which covers or has covered
employees or former employees of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any
ERISA Affiliate has at all times been operated in compliance with the
provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996
and the regulations promulgated thereunder, except to the extent that any
failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a material
liability to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; no lien imposed under the
Code or ERISA on the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
ERISA Affiliate exists or is likely to arise on account of any Plan; and the
Company and its Subsidiaries may cease contributions to or terminate any
employee benefit plan maintained by any of them without incurring any material
liability.

                  (v) Labor Relations. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is engaged in any unfair labor practice that could reasonably be
expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Effect. There is (i) no unfair labor practice complaint pending against the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened against any of them, before the National Labor Relations Board, and
no grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any collective
bargaining agreement is so pending against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against any of
them, (ii) no strike, labor dispute, slowdown or stoppage pending against the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (iii) no union
representation question exists with respect to the employees of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, except (with respect to any matter specified in
clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, either individually or in the aggregate) such
as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (w) Properties. All Real Property having a fair market
value, as reasonably estimated by the Company, in excess of $1,000,000 that is
owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as of the Closing Date, and
the nature of the interest therein, is correctly set forth in Schedule 3(w).
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has good and indefeasible title to
all material properties owned by it, including all material property reflected
in the most recent historical balance sheets referred to in Section 3(k)
(except as sold or otherwise disposed of since the date of such balance sheet
in the ordinary course of business or as permitted by the terms of this
Agreement), free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens.

                  (x) Environmental Matters.

         (1) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with
all applicable Environmental Laws and the requirements of any permits issued
under such Environmental Laws. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company, threatened Environmental Claims against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any Real Property owned, leased or operated by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries (including, to the Company's knowledge, any such claim
arising out of the ownership, lease or operation by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of any Real Property formerly owned, leased or operated by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries but no longer owned, leased or operated by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries). There are no facts, circumstances,
conditions or occurrences with respect to the business or operations of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Real Property owned, leased or
operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including, to the
Company's knowledge, any Real Property formerly owned, leased or operated by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries but no longer owned, leased or operated
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) or, to the knowledge of the
Company, any property adjoining or adjacent to any such Real Property that
could be reasonably expected (i) to form the basis of an Environmental Claim
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Real Property owned,
leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) to cause
any Real Property owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to be subject to any restrictions on the ownership, lease,
occupancy or transferability of such Real Property by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries under any applicable Environmental Law.

         (2) Hazardous Materials have not at any time been generated, used,
treated or stored on, or transported to or from, or Released on or from, any
Real Property owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any property adjoining or
adjacent to any Real Property, where such generation, use, treatment, storage,
transportation or Release has violated or could be reasonably expected to
violate any applicable Environmental Law or give rise to an Environmental
Claim.

         (3) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3(x),
the representations and warranties made in this Section 3(x) shall be untrue
only if the effect of any or all conditions, violations, claims, restrictions,
failures and noncompliances of the types described above could, either
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

                  (y) Intercreditor Agreement. Assuming that the Intercreditor
Agreement (as defined in the Indenture) has been duly authorized, executed and
delivered by the parties thereto (other than the Company and its
Subsidiaries), the Intercreditor Agreement is enforceable against the parties
thereto (and the Creditors as defined therein) in accordance with its terms.

                  (z) Certain Agreements.

         (1) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any
agreement or instrument or subject to any corporate, partnership or limited
liability company restriction, as the case may be, that, either individually
or in the aggregate, has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect.

         (2) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default in
any manner under any provision of any indenture or other agreement or
instrument evidencing Indebtedness, or any other material agreement or
instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties or
assets are or may be bound, if such default, either individually or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (aa) Event of Default. No event has occurred or is
continuing which constitutes, or with notice or lapse of time could
constitute, an Event of Default (as defined in Indenture and the Note).

                  (bb) Dilutive Effect. The Company understands and
acknowledges that the number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of
the Notes will increase in certain circumstances. The Company further
acknowledges that its obligation to issue Conversion Shares upon conversion of
the Notes in accordance with this Agreement, the Indenture and the Notes is,
in each case, absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect
that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders
of the Company.

                  (cc) Insolvency. On and as of the Closing Date and after
giving effect to the Transaction and to all Indebtedness (including the term
loans contemplated by the First-Lien Credit Facility and Indebtedness incurred
pursuant to this Agreement, the Indenture and the Third-Lien Credit Agreement)
being incurred or assumed and Liens created by the Company and each of the
Guarantors in connection therewith (i) the sum of the assets, at a fair
valuation, of the Company on a stand-alone basis and of the Company and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole will exceed their respective debts, (ii) each of
the Company on a stand-alone basis and the Company and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole have not incurred and do not intend to incur, and do not believe
that they will incur, debts beyond their respective ability to pay such debts
as such debts mature, and (iii) the Company on a stand-alone basis and the
Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole will have sufficient capital
with which to conduct their respective businesses. For purposes of this
Section 3(cc), "debt" means any liability on a claim, and "claim" means (a)
right to payment, whether or not such a right is reduced to judgment,
liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed,
undisputed, legal, equitable, secured, or unsecured or (b) right to an
equitable remedy for breach of performance if such breach gives rise to a
payment, whether or not such right to an equitable remedy is reduced to
judgment, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, secured
or unsecured. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be
computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances
existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected
to become an actual or matured liability.

                  (dd) Effect of Transactions. Neither (a) the purchase of the
Notes by the Purchasers, (b) the issuance of the Conversion Shares to the
Purchasers nor (c) the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement will result in (i) any Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the
acceleration of any rights under any Contract to which the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is a party, the vesting of any outstanding option, warrant,
call, conversion right, preemptive right or other right to subscribe for,
purchase or otherwise acquire any of the shares of the capital stock of the
Company or any Subsidiary or any of the stock of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or debt securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(collectively "Commitments", and each individually a "Commitment"), (iii) any
obligation of the Company to grant, extend or enter into any Contract or
Commitment, or (iv) any right in favor of any Person to terminate or cancel
any Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party.

                  (ee) Registration Rights. Except for the Registration Rights
Agreement and the registration rights agreement between the Company and
certain holders of Common Stock, dated as of December 21, 2004, neither the
Company nor any its Subsidiaries will, as of the Closing Date, be under any
obligation to register any of its securities under the Securities Act.

                  (ff) No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of
its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf,
has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or
solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that could cause
this offering of the Securities to be integrated with any other offerings by
the Company for purposes of the Securities Act or any applicable shareholder
approval provisions, nor will the Company or any of its Affiliates (including
the Guarantors) take any action or steps that could cause the offering of the
Securities to be integrated with other offerings. Subject to the truth,
correctness and completeness of the Purchasers' representations and warranties
set forth in Section 2 hereof, the offer, issuance and sale of the Notes and
the Conversion Shares are and will be exempt from the registration and
prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act, and have been
registered or qualified (or are exempt from registration and qualification)
under the registration, permit or qualification requirements of all applicable
state securities laws.

                  (gg) Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and
its Board of Directors (the "Board") have taken all necessary action in order
to render inapplicable any corporate takeover provision under laws of the
State of Delaware or any other state or federal "fair price", "moratorium",
"control share acquisition", "business combination" or other similar
anti-takeover statute or regulation, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company or the Bylaws of the Company
(each, a "Takeover Provision") which is, or could be, applicable to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation,
the Company's issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers' ownership, voting
(to the extent applicable) or disposition of the Securities.

                  (hh) Investment Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries is an "investment company" or a company "controlled" by an
"investment company," within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended.

                  (ii) Public Utility Holdings Company Act. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a "holding company," or a "subsidiary
company" of a "holding company," or an "affiliate" of a "holding company" or
of a "subsidiary company" of a "holding company" within the meaning of the
Public Utility Holdings Company Act of 1935, as amended.

                  (jj) No Subsidiary Restrictions. The Company or its
Subsidiaries has the unrestricted right to vote all capital securities of its
Subsidiaries. Except for limitations imposed by the First-Lien Credit
Facility, Indenture and Third-Lien Credit Facility, the Company has the
unrestricted right to receive dividends and distributions on all capital
securities of its Subsidiaries.

                  (kk) Internal Controls. The management of the Company has
(i) designed disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material
information relating to the Company, including its consolidated Subsidiaries,
is made known to the management of the Company by others within those
entities, and (ii) has disclosed, based on its most recent evaluation prior to
the date hereof, to the Company's auditors and the audit committee of the
Company's Board of Directors (A) any significant deficiencies in the design or
operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the Company's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have
identified for the Company's auditors any material weaknesses in internal
controls and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company's internal
controls.

                  (ll) Independent Accountants. Friedman LLP have advised the
Company that they are, and to the best knowledge of the Company they are,
independent accountants as required by the Securities Act.

                  (mm) Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company and each of its
officers are in compliance in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and
regulations promulgated under such act or the Exchange Act (the
"Sarbanes-Oxley Act"). Except as permitted by Sections 13(k)(2) and (3) of the
Exchange Act, since the enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, neither the
Company nor any of its Affiliates has made, arranged or modified (in any
material way) personal loans to any executive officer or director of the
Company.

                  (nn) RCN International. RCN International is a Delaware
corporation which has no significant assets or material liabilities except as
permitted in accordance with the relevant provisions of Section 9.16(b) of the
First-Lien Credit Facility.

                  (oo) Brokers and Finders. No consultant, broker, finder or
investment banker (other than Deutsche Bank) is entitled to any brokerage,
finder's or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of
the Company or its Subsidiaries.

                  Any certificate signed by any officer of the Company or any
Guarantor and delivered to the Purchasers or counsel for the Purchasers
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed a representation and
warranty by the Company or Guarantor, as applicable, as to matters covered
thereby, to each Purchaser.

SECTION 4.        COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES.

                  (a) Obligations. Each party hereto shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to timely satisfy each of the conditions to be satisfied by
it as provided in Section 6 and Section 7 of this Agreement.

                  (b) Form D and Blue Sky. The Company agrees to timely file a
Form D with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") with
respect to the Securities to the extent required under Regulation D of the
Securities Act and to provide, upon request, a copy thereof to each Purchaser.
The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the
Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an
exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at the
Closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities and "blue sky"
laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such
qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the
Purchasers on or prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall make all timely
filings and reports relating to the offer and sale of the Securities required
under applicable securities and "blue sky" laws of the states of the United
States following the Closing Date. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses
in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section 4(b).

                  (c) Reporting Status. With a view to making available to the
Purchasers and any successor Purchaser the benefits of Rule 144 (or any
similar rule or regulation of the Commission that may at any time permit the
Purchasers to sell the Notes and the Conversion Shares (collectively, the
Notes and the Conversion Shares are referred to as the "Securities") to the
public without registration ("Rule 144")) and Rule 144A (or any similar rule
or regulation of the Commission that may at any time permit the Purchasers to
sell the Securities to the public without registration ("Rule 144A")), in each
case, promulgated under the Securities Act, for so long as any Securities
remain outstanding and regardless of whether or not the Company has a class of
securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Exchange Act"), the
Company shall: (1) keep adequate current public information available (as
required by Rule 144); (2) file with the Commission in a timely manner all
reports and other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act; (3) furnish to each Purchaser and successor Purchaser,
so long as such Purchaser owns Securities, promptly upon request, (A) a
written statement by the Company, if true, that it has complied with the
applicable reporting requirements of Rules 144 and 144A, the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act, (B) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report
of the Company and copies of such other reports and documents so filed by the
Company, (C) the information required by Rule 144A(d)(4) (or any successor
rule) under the Securities Act, and (D) such other information as may be
reasonably requested to permit the Purchasers to sell such Securities pursuant
to Rule 144 (without regard to Rule 144(k)) and Rule 144A, in each case,
without registration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of clauses
(1) and (2) shall not apply with respect to the filing by the Company of its
(i) Form 10-Q for the first fiscal quarter of 2005 until June 14, 2005 and
(ii) Form 10-K for the 2004 fiscal year until April 30, 2005.

                  (d) Use of Proceeds. The Company intends to use the net
proceeds from the sale of the Notes to consummate its Plan of Reorganization
(as defined herein) and to pay the fees and expenses incurred therewith.

                  (e) Reservation of Shares. The Company shall take all
actions necessary to at all times have authorized, and reserved for the
purpose of issuance, no less than one hundred five percent (105%) of the
number of shares of Common Stock (the "Reservation Amount") needed to provide
for the issuance of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of all of the Notes
without regard to any limitations on conversions or exercise.

                  (f) Fees and Expenses. At the Closing, the Company shall
reimburse the Purchasers for the Purchasers' reasonable and documented fees
and disbursements of legal counsel (including the fees and expenses of Willkie
Farr & Gallagher LLP incurred on or after August 1, 2004 and the fees and
expenses of Akin Gump Straus Hauer & Feld LLP incurred on or after October 14,
2004) and consultants and such other expenses, including search fees,
diligence fees and expenses, documentation fees and filing fees, incurred by
the Purchasers or them in connection with (i) the negotiation and execution
and delivery of this Agreement and any instrument delivered in connection
therewith as well as any amendments, modifications or waivers thereto, (ii)
the Purchasers' due diligence investigation and (iii) the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.
Reimbursement of such fees, disbursements and expenses shall be made by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to an account or accounts designated
by the Purchasers, set forth in a statement delivered to the Company on or
prior to the Closing Date, and thereafter the Company will pay, promptly upon
receipt of a supplemental statement therefor, such additional reasonable fees,
disbursements and expenses, if any, as may be incurred by the Purchasers in
connection with such transactions.

                  (g) Limits on Additional Issuances. Neither the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective Affiliates will sell, offer
for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any
"security" (as defined in the Securities Act) that could be integrated with
the sale of the Securities in a manner that could require the registration of
the Securities under the Securities Act.

                  (h) No Solicitation. The Company will not, and will not
permit any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Affiliates to,
engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (as those
terms are used in Regulation D under the Securities Act) in connection with
the offering of the Securities or in any manner involving a public offering
within the meaning of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. Except as
contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement, neither the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective Affiliates, nor any authorized
person acting on its or their behalf will, directly or indirectly, make offers
or sales of any security, or solicit offers to buy any security, under
circumstances that could require the registration of the Securities under the
Securities Act.

                  (i) Independent Nature of Purchasers' Obligations and
Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under this Agreement are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall
be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other
Purchaser under this Agreement. Subject to all of the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, including, without limitation, Section 7, each Purchaser
commits to perform its obligations hereunder and to fund the amount set forth
opposite such Purchaser's name on Schedule II or Schedule III attached hereto,
as applicable. Nothing contained herein or in any other document related to
the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Indenture, the Security
Documents and Registration Rights Agreement (collectively, the "Transaction
Documents"), and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto,
shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the
Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such
obligations or the transactions contemplated by hereby and thereby. Each
Purchaser confirms that it has independently participated in the negotiation
of the transactions contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and
advisors. Except as provided by this Agreement and Transaction Documents, each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights,
including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out
of any other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any
other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such
purpose.

                  (j) Board Seat. For as long as D. E. Shaw Laminar Lending 2,
Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Laminar"), together with any Affiliates
thereof, including, without limitation, D. E. Shaw Laminar Portfolios, L.L.C.,
a Delaware limited liability company, and its Affiliates, beneficially owns
(within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) at least Twenty-Five
Million Dollars ($25,000,000) of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of
the Notes, the Company will nominate and use its best efforts to have elected
to the Board one individual designated by Laminar (the "Laminar Board
Member"). The Company's proxy statement for the election of directors shall
include the Laminar Board Member and the recommendation of the Board in favor
of election of the Laminar Board Member. For so long as Laminar is otherwise
entitled under the provisions of this Agreement to nominate a Laminar Board
Member, any vacancy created by the death, disability, retirement or removal
(with or without cause) of the Laminar Board Member may be filled by Laminar.
Subject to applicable law and any rules or regulations of any stock exchange
on which the Common Stock is listed, in the event the Board shall at any time
create a committee of the Board, the Company shall use its best efforts to
cause the Laminar Board Member to be a member of any such committee so
created; provided, however, the foregoing shall not apply to any committee
formed for the purpose of considering a transaction between the Company and
Laminar. The Laminar Board Member shall be given notice of (in the same manner
that notice is given to other members of the Board) all meetings (whether in
person, telephonic or otherwise) of the Board, including all committee
meetings with respect to committees on which the Laminar Board Member serves.
The Laminar Board Member shall be provided with the same information, and
access thereto, provided to other members of Board. In addition to any other
indemnification rights the Laminar Board Member has pursuant to this
Agreement, the Transaction Documents, the Certificate of Incorporation of the
Company and the Bylaws of the Company, each Laminar Board Member that serves
on the Board shall have the right to enter into, and the Company agrees to
enter into, the Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit C (the "Indemnification Agreement"), with such
changes as the Laminar Board Member and the Company may agree to at the time
of execution of such Agreement. The Company shall reimburse the reasonable
expenses incurred by the Laminar Board Member in connection with attending
(whether in person or telephonically) all meetings of the Board or committees
thereof or other Company related meetings to the same extent as all other
members of the Board are reimbursed for such expenses (or, in case any such
expense reimbursement policy shall apply only to non-employee directors, to
the same extent as all other non-employee directors).

                  (k) Listing of Common Stock.

         (1) Listing Generally. The Company shall promptly use its best
efforts to secure the listing of the Common Stock on either The New York Stock
Exchange, Inc. ("NYSE") or the Nasdaq National Market ("NASDAQ"). In the event
the Company does not secure the listing of the (i) Common Stock on either NYSE
or NASDAQ (an "Initial Listing Default") on or before the date that is ninety
(90) days from the Closing Date (the "Initial Listing Deadline") or (ii)
Conversion Shares on either NYSE or NASDAQ (a "Subsequent Listing Default") on
or before the date that the registration statement for the Notes contemplated
by the Registration Rights Agreement becomes effective and, in no event later
than September 30, 2005 (the "Subsequent Listing Deadline"), in each case, the
Company and the Purchasers agree that the Purchasers will suffer damages and
that it would not be feasible to ascertain the extent of such damages with
precision. In the event of any adjustment to the conversion price of the
Notes, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause any additional shares
of Common Stock that may be issued upon conversion of all of the Notes then
outstanding to be reserved for issuance and to be approved for listing on the
NYSE or NASDAQ, as applicable.

         (2) Initial Listing Default. Upon an Initial Listing Default,
commencing on the day after the Initial Listing Deadline, the interest rate on
the Notes then in effect shall automatically increase in an amount equal to
0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes and thereafter the
interest rate on the Notes shall automatically increase by an additional
amount equal to 0.25% per annum each subsequent 90-day period until the
Initial Listing Default has been cured, subject to a maximum increase in the
interest rate pursuant to this Section 4(l)(2) of 2.0%.

         (3) Subsequent Listing Default. Upon a Subsequent Listing Default,
commencing on the day after the Subsequent Listing Deadline, the interest rate
on the Notes then in effect shall automatically increase in an amount equal to
0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes and thereafter the
interest rate on the Notes shall automatically increase by an additional
amount equal to 0.25% per annum each subsequent 90-day period until the
Subsequent Listing Default has been cured, subject to a maximum increase in
the interest rate pursuant to this Section 4(l)(3) of 2.0%.

         (4) Listing Default Procedures and Payments. The Company shall pay
all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this
Section 4(l). Additional interest on the Notes as a result of this Section
4(l) shall cease to accrue and the interest rate on the Notes will revert to
the original interest rate of the Notes on the date on which the Initial
Listing Default or Subsequent Listing Default, as applicable, is cured;
provided, however, any additional interest that has accrued as a result of an
Initial Listing Default or Subsequent Listing Default, as applicable, and
remains unpaid prior to the date on which the Company's obligation to pay
additional interest pursuant to this Section 4(l) ceases, shall be payable to
the holders of the Notes; provided further, that if additional interest on the
Notes is owed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement or default
interest is owed on the Notes pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, then on
the date on which the Initial Listing Default or Subsequent Listing Default,
as applicable, is cured, the interest rate on the Notes will revert to the
then applicable rate on the Notes. Additional interest shall be computed based
on the actual number of days elapsed during which any such Initial Listing
Default or Subsequent Listing Default, as applicable, exists. So long as the
Notes remain outstanding, the Company shall notify the Trustee within five (5)
Business Days after an Initial Listing Default or Subsequent Listing Default,
as applicable. Any amounts of additional interest due pursuant to this Section
4(l) will be payable in cash semi-annually on each January 15 and July 15
(each, an "Additional Interest Payment Date"), commencing with the first such
date occurring after any such additional interest commences to accrue, to
holders of the Notes to whom regular interest on the Notes is payable on such
Additional Interest Payment Date. If there is an Initial Listing Default and
Subsequent Listing Default occurring at the same time, then the holders of the
Notes shall be entitled to the additional interest contemplated by both
Sections 4(k)(2) and 4(k)(3) above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the maximum
increase in the interest rate on the Notes pursuant to Section 3 of the
Registration Rights Agreement and this Section 4(k) shall not in the aggregate
exceed 2.0% per annum.

                  (l) Compliance with Laws. So long as any of the Notes remain
outstanding, the Company shall comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to
comply, in all material respects, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations
and orders, such compliance to include, without limitation, compliance with
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, subject to the last sentence of
Section 4(c) hereof.

                  (m) Takeover Provisions. If any Takeover Provision shall
become applicable to the Purchasers or the transactions contemplated hereby,
including, without limitation, as a result of the conversion of the Notes into
Common Stock, the Company and the Board shall grant such approvals and take
such actions as are necessary so that the transactions contemplated hereby may
be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated hereby and
otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the effects of such statue or
regulation on the Purchasers and the transactions contemplated hereby.

                  (n) PORTAL Market. The Company will cooperate with the
Purchasers and use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) permit the Notes
to be eligible for clearance and settlement through the facilities of DTC and
such other clearance and settlement systems that the Purchasers may designate
and (ii) arrange to have the Notes be designated as PORTAL-eligible securities
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the NASD, Inc. relating to The
PORTAL Market operated by The NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. (or any successor
thereto, including any successor PORTAL market).

SECTION 5.        TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS.

                  The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its
transfer agent, and any subsequent transfer agent, to issue certificates or
credit shares to the applicable balance accounts at DTC, registered in the
name of each Purchaser or their respective nominee(s), for the Conversion
Shares in such amounts as specified from time to time by a Purchaser to the
Company upon conversion of the Notes and in accordance with their respective
terms, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the
"Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions"). The Company represents and
warrants that no instruction inconsistent with the Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions referred to in this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its
transfer agent and that, subject to applicable law, the Securities shall be
freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the
extent provided in this Agreement, the Notes, the Indenture, the Pledge
Agreement, the Security Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and the
Registration Rights Agreement. If a Purchaser provides the Company with an
opinion of counsel, in form reasonably acceptable to the Company, to the
effect that a public sale, assignment or transfer of the Securities has been
made without registration under the Securities Act or that the Securities can
be sold pursuant to Rule 144, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in
the case of the Conversion Shares, promptly instruct its transfer agent to
issue one or more certificates, or credit shares to one or more balance
accounts at DTC, as applicable, in such name and in such denominations as
specified by such Purchaser and without any restrictive legend. The Company
acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause
irreparable harm to the Purchasers by vitiating the intent and purpose of the
transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that
the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 will be
inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the
Company of the provisions of this Section 5, that the Purchasers shall be
entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an order and/or
injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate issuance and
transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond
or other security being required.

SECTION 6.        CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANY'S OBLIGATION TO CLOSE.

                  The obligation of the Company to issue and sell the Notes to
each respective Purchaser at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or
before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

                  (a) Representations and Warranties; Covenants. The
representations and warranties of each Purchaser shall be true and correct on
the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time;
and each Purchaser shall have performed, satisfied and complied with the
covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to
be performed, satisfied or complied with by such Purchaser at or prior to the
Closing Date.

                  (b) Payment of Purchase Price. Each Purchaser shall have
delivered to the Company the aggregate purchase price for the Notes being
purchased by such Purchaser at the Closing, by wire transfer of immediately
available funds pursuant to the wire instructions attached hereto as Exhibit
B.

SECTION 7.        CONDITIONS TO EACH PURCHASER'S OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE THE
                  NOTES.

                  The obligation of each Purchaser to purchase the Notes from
the Company at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the
Closing Date, of each of the following conditions:

                  (a) Representations and Warranties; Covenants. The
representations and warranties of the Company and each Guarantor shall be true
and correct on the date hereof and on and as of the Closing Date as though
made at that time; and the Company and each Guarantor shall have performed,
satisfied and complied with the covenants, agreements and conditions required
by this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or
complied with by the Company and each Guarantor at or prior to the Closing
Date.

                  (b) Indebtedness. On the Closing Date, the Company and its
Subsidiaries shall have no outstanding Indebtedness except Indebtedness
resulting from (i) the issuance of the Notes, (ii) the initial draw under the
First-Lien Credit Facility (as defined below) and (iii) certain Indebtedness
in an aggregate amount not in excess of $50,000,000 assumed by the Company and
its Subsidiaries pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization (as defined below).

                  (c) Plan of Reorganization. The Plan of Reorganization shall
have been delivered to the Purchasers and shall expressly provide for and
describe the issuance of the Notes pursuant to this Agreement. The Purchasers
shall be given reasonable notice of and opportunity to review any amendment or
supplement to the Plan of Reorganization. The Plan of Reorganization shall
have been approved by the Bankruptcy Court. The Plan of Reorganization shall
have become effective in accordance with its terms without waiver of any
condition to such effectiveness that, in the Purchaser's reasonable judgment,
is material. The effective date of the Plan of Reorganization shall have
occurred on or prior to the Closing Date.

                  (d) Confirmation Order. The Plan of Reorganization shall
have been confirmed pursuant to a confirmation order (the "Confirmation
Order") in accordance with Sections 1128 and 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code. The
Confirmation Order shall have been delivered to the Purchasers, shall address
the granting of all liens required under the Indenture and the Security
Documents and shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Purchasers. The Confirmation Order shall be in full force and effect and shall
not have been stayed pending appeal, no appeal or petition for review or
rehearing shall have been taken or shall be pending. The Confirmation Order
shall be final and not be subject to appeal and not less than eleven (11) days
shall have elapsed since entry of the Confirmation Order and the Purchasers
shall have received evidence satisfactory to it demonstrating such facts.

                  (e) First-Lien Credit Facility. The Company and the
Guarantors shall have, simultaneously with the Closing Date, executed the $355
million first-lien credit facility with a syndicate of lenders led by Deutsche
Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. containing the
terms set forth in that certain Commitment Letter, dated May 24, 2004, among
the Company, Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch and Deutsche Bank
Securities Inc. (but excluding the terms with respect to the Second-Lien
Credit Facility, as defined therein), which terms shall be satisfactory to the
Purchasers (the "First-Lien Credit Facility"). The Company shall have,
simultaneously with the Closing Date, received aggregate proceeds of $330
million from its initial draw under the First-Lien Credit Facility.

                  (f) Purchase of Notes. The Company shall have confirmed in
writing to the Purchasers that it will be issuing an aggregate of $125,000,000
principal amount of Notes to the Purchasers on the Closing Date.

                  (g) No Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this
Agreement, there shall not have occurred a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (h) No Legal Impediment to Issuance. There shall exist no
action, suit, investigation, litigation or proceeding affecting the Company,
any Subsidiary or any of their respective Affiliates pending or threatened
before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (i) has had, or will
have, a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) purports to affect the legality,
validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any Transaction Document or
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. No
action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order shall
have been enacted, adopted or issued by any federal, state or foreign
governmental or regulatory authority that could, as of the Closing Date,
prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities and no injunction or order of
any federal, state or foreign court shall have been issued that could, as of
the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities.

                  (i) Laminar Board Member. Daniel Kar Keung Tseung shall have
been elected to the Board to serve as the Laminar Board Member. The
Indemnification Agreement shall have been duly executed and delivered by the
Company.

                  (j) Payment of Fees. The Company shall have paid all fees
that are due and payable pursuant to Section 4(f) of this Agreement.

                  (k) Registration Rights Agreement. The Purchasers shall have
received the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed and delivered by the
Company.

                  (l) Indenture. The Purchasers shall have received the
Indenture duly executed and delivered by the Company, the Guarantors and the
Trustee, and the Notes shall have been duly (i) executed by the Company and
(ii) authenticated by the Trustee.

                  (m) Intercreditor Agreement. The Purchasers shall have
received the Intercreditor Agreement duly executed and delivered by the
Company, the Guarantors and the other parties thereto.

                  (n) Guaranty Agreement. Each Guarantor shall have duly
authorized, executed and delivered the Guaranty Agreement, guaranteeing all of
the obligations of the Company as more fully provided therein, and the
Guaranty Agreement shall be in full force and effect.

                  (o) Security Agreement. The Company and each Guarantor shall
have duly authorized, executed and delivered the Security Agreement covering
all the Company's and each Guarantor's Security Agreement Collateral, together
with:

         (1) proper financing statements (Form UCC-1 or the equivalent) fully
executed for filing under the UCC or other appropriate filing offices of each
jurisdiction as may be necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of the
Collateral Agent, desirable, to perfect the security interests purported to be
created by the Security Agreement, with arrangements having been made by the
Company which are satisfactory to the Collateral Agent to ensure that such
financing statements are filed after any financing statements are filed in
connection with the First-Lien Credit Facility but before any financing
statements are filed in connection with the Third-Lien Credit Agreement;

         (2) certified copies of requests for information or copies (Form
UCC-11), or equivalent reports as of a recent date, listing all effective
financing statements that name the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as
debtor and that are filed in the jurisdictions referred to in clause (i) above
and in such other jurisdictions in which Collateral is located on the Closing
Date, together with copies of such other financing statements that name the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor (none of which shall cover any of
the Collateral except (x) to the extent evidencing Permitted Liens or (y)
those in respect of which the Collateral Agent shall have received termination
statements (Form UCC-3) or such other termination statements as shall be
required by local law fully executed for filing);

         (3) evidence of the completion of all other recordings and filings
of, or with respect to, the Security Agreement as may be necessary or, in the
reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable, to perfect the security
interests intended to be created by the Security Agreement; and

         (4) evidence that all other actions necessary or, in the reasonable
opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect and protect the security
interests purported to be created by the Security Agreement have been taken,
and the Security Agreement shall be in full force and effect.

                  (p) Pledge Agreement. The Company and each Guarantor shall
have duly authorized, executed and delivered the Pledge Agreement and shall
have delivered to the Collateral Agent, as Pledgee thereunder, copies of all
of the Pledge Agreement Collateral, if any, referred to therein and then owned
by the Company and each Guarantor, (i) endorsed in blank in the case of
promissory notes constituting Pledge Agreement Collateral and (ii) together
with executed and undated endorsements for transfer in the case of equity
interests constituting certificated Pledge Agreement Collateral, along with
evidence that all other actions necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of the
Collateral Agent, desirable, to perfect the security interests purported to be
created by the Pledge Agreement have been taken and the Pledge Agreement shall
be in full force and effect.

                  (q) Mortgages; Title Insurance; Surveys; etc. The Collateral
Agent shall have received:

         (1) fully executed counterparts of a Mortgage, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Purchasers, which Mortgage shall cover the Real
Property owned or leased by the Company or a Guarantor and designated as a
"Mortgaged Property" on Schedule 3(w), together with evidence that
counterparts of such Mortgage have been delivered to the title insurance
company insuring the Lien of such Mortgage for recording in all places to the
extent necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent
desirable, to effectively create a valid and enforceable second priority
mortgage lien, subject only to Permitted Encumbrances, on the Mortgaged
Property described therein in favor of the Collateral Agent (or such other
trustee as may be required or desired under local law) for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors;

         (2) such consents, approvals, amendments, supplements, estoppels,
tenant subordination agreements or other instruments as shall be reasonably
deemed necessary by the Collateral Agent in order for the owner or holder of
the fee interest constituting such Mortgaged Property to grant the Lien
contemplated by the Mortgage with respect to such Mortgaged Property;

         (3) a Mortgage Policy relating to the Mortgage on each Mortgaged
Property referred to above issued by a title insurer reasonably satisfactory
to the Collateral Agent and in amounts satisfactory to the Collateral Agent
and assuring the Collateral Agent that the Mortgage on such Mortgaged Property
is a valid and enforceable second priority mortgage lien on such Mortgaged
Property, free and clear of all defects and encumbrances except Permitted
Encumbrances, and such Mortgage Policy shall otherwise be in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and shall include an
endorsement for any matter that the Collateral Agent in its discretion may
reasonably request, shall not include a survey exception or an exception for
mechanics' liens, and shall provide for affirmative insurance and such
reinsurance as the Collateral Agent in its discretion may reasonably request;

         (4) such affidavits, certificates, information (including financial
data) and instruments of indemnification (including, without limitation, a
so-called "gap" indemnification) as shall be required to induce the title
company to issue the Mortgage Policies referred to in subsection (3) above;

         (5) evidence reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent of payment
by the Company of all Mortgage Policy premiums in respect of such Mortgage
Property, search and examination charges, and related charges, mortgage
recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the recording
of such Mortgages and issuance of such Mortgage Policies;

         (6) to the extent requested by the Collateral Agent, copies of all
leases in which the Company holds the lessor's interest or other agreements
relating to possessory interests, if any; provided that, to the extent any of
the foregoing affect such Mortgaged Property, such agreements shall be
subordinate to the Liens of the Mortgage to be recorded against such Mortgaged
Property, either expressly by its terms or pursuant to a subordination,
non-disturbance and attornment agreement (with any such agreement being
reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent); and

         (7) flood certificates covering such Mortgaged Property in form and
substance acceptable to the Collateral Agent, and certifying whether or not
each such Mortgaged Property is located in a flood hazard area, as determined
by reference to the applicable FEMA map.

                  (r) Solvency Opinion; Insurance Certificates. The Purchasers
shall have received:

         (1) a solvency opinion from the chief financial officer of the
Company in the same form provided to the lenders under the First-Lien Credit
Facility; and

         (2) copies of certificates of insurance complying with the
requirements of Section 5.7 of the Indenture for the business and properties
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.

                  (s) Delivery of Notes. The Company shall have executed and
delivered to the Purchasers a global Note representing the Notes being
purchased by such Purchasers at the Closing.

                  (t) Reservation of Common Stock. As of the Closing Date, the
Company shall have reserved out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock,
solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Notes, the number of
shares of Common Stock equal to the Reservation Amount.

                  (u) Opinion of Counsel for the Company and the Guarantors.
The Purchasers shall have received from (i) Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
Flom LLP, counsel to the Company and the Guarantors, an opinion addressed to
each Purchaser and dated the Closing Date substantially in the form of Annex
A-1, (ii) Deborah M. Royster, general counsel to the Company and the
Guarantors, an opinion addressed to each Purchaser and dated the Closing Date
substantially in the form of Annex A-2 and (iii) from local counsel to the
Company and the Guarantors reasonably satisfactory to the Purchasers
practicing in those jurisdictions in which Mortgaged Properties are located
and/or the Company and the Guarantors are organized (if organized other than
under the laws of Delaware or New York), which opinions shall be addressed to
each of the Purchasers and dated the Closing Date and shall cover the
perfection of the security interests and/or liens granted pursuant to the
relevant Security Documents (and matters relating to the organization, good
standing and due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the various Transaction Documents in the case of any Guarantor organized in
that jurisdiction) and such other opinions as the Purchasers may reasonably
request and shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Purchasers.

                  (v) Good Standings. The Purchasers shall have received a
copy of a certificate of the Secretary of State (or equivalent authority) of
the jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation of the Company
and each Guarantor, dated on or about the Closing Date, certifying, if and to
the extent such certification is generally available for entities of the type
of Guarantor (i) that the Company and each Guarantor has paid all franchise
taxes to the date of such certificate and (ii) that the Company and each
Guarantor is duly incorporated, organized or formed and in good standing or
presently subsisting under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation,
organization or formation.

                  (w) Officers' Certificates. The Purchasers shall have
received a certificate, dated the Closing Date, from the Company and each
Guarantor, signed on behalf of the Company and each Guarantor, by its Chief
Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary (or those of its general partner or
managing member, if applicable), substantially in the form attached hereto as
Annex B.

                  (x) Filings; Authorizations. The Company shall have made all
filings under all applicable federal and state securities laws necessary to
consummate the issuance of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement in
compliance with such laws, and shall have obtained all authorizations,
approvals and permits necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and such authorizations,
approvals and permits shall be effective as of the Closing Date.

                  (y) Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company
shall have delivered the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions to the
Company's transfer agent.

                  (z) Financing Statements. The Collateral Agent shall have
received evidence in form and substance satisfactory to it that all filings,
recordings, registrations and other actions, including, without limitation,
the filing of duly executed financing statements on Form UCC-1, necessary or,
in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent, advisable to perfect the
liens created by the Security Documents shall have been completed or shall be
ready to be completed promptly following the Closing Date, and all agreements,
statements and other documents relating thereto shall be in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.

SECTION 8.        INDEMNIFICATION.

                  (a) Indemnification by the Company and the Guarantors.
Notwithstanding the Closing or the delivery of the Notes and regardless of any
investigation at any time made by or on behalf of an Indemnified Party (as
defined below) or of any knowledge or information that the Indemnified Party
may have, the Company and each Guarantor (the "Indemnifying Parties") jointly
and severally agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to indemnify,
defend and save and hold harmless each Purchaser, its members and its
Affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors, trustees,
partners, members, employees, representatives, agents and advisors, and each
person who controls the Purchaser or any of its members (each, an "Indemnified
Party" and collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") from and against, and
shall pay on demand, against any and all claims, actions, judgments, suits,
losses, liabilities, damages, expenses and other costs (including, without
limitation, fees and expenses of counsel to the Indemnified Parties)
(collectively, "Losses") incurred by, imposed on or assessed against any of
them as a result of, or arising out of, or in any way related to, or by reason
of, (a) any investigation, litigation, action or other proceeding (including
any governmental action or proceeding) (whether or not any Indemnified Party
is a party thereto) related to the entering into and/or performance of this
Agreement or the use of any proceeds of any Notes hereunder or the
consummation of any transactions contemplated herein or any other legal,
administrative or other proceeding arising out of the transactions
contemplated hereby, other than such Losses which are judicially determined in
a final and non-appealable decision to have resulted from the gross negligence
or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Party, (b) the exercise of any of the
Indemnified Parties rights or remedies provided herein or in the other
Transaction Documents, (c) any untruth or inaccuracy in any representation by
the Indemnifying Parties or the breach of any warranty by the Indemnifying
Parties contained in this Agreement, the Transaction Documents or any
certificate, schedule, exhibit or annex or other document furnished to the
Purchasers pursuant to this Agreement or in connection with the Closing, and
(d) any failure by the Indemnifying Parties duly to perform or observe any
term, provision, covenant, agreement or condition on the part of the
Indemnifying Parties to be performed or observed under this Agreement or the
Transaction Documents.

                  (b) No Liability. The Indemnifying Parties hereby agree that
none of the Indemnified Parties shall have any liability (whether direct or
indirect, in contract, tort or otherwise) to the Indemnifying Parties or any
of their respective Affiliates or their respective officers, directors,
trustees, partners, members, employees, representatives, agents and advisors,
and the Indemnifying Parties hereby agree not to assert any claim against any
Indemnified Party on any theory of liability, for special, indirect,
consequential or punitive damages arising out of or otherwise relating to the
Note, the actual or proposed use of the proceeds from the Notes, this
Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents.

                  (c) Procedures for Indemnification. Promptly after an
Indemnified Party has actual knowledge of any Loss as to which such
Indemnified Party reasonably believes indemnification may be sought or
promptly after such Indemnified Party receives notice of the commencement of
any investigation, litigation, action or other proceeding (including any
governmental action or proceeding) involving a Loss, such Indemnified Party
shall, if a Loss in respect thereof is to be made against the Indemnifying
Parties under this Section 8, deliver to the Indemnifying Parties a written
notice of such Loss, and the Indemnifying Parties shall have the right to
participate in, and, to the extent the Indemnifying Parties so desire, to
assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to
Indemnifying Parties and the Indemnified Party; provided, however, that an
Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel (the fees and
expenses of which shall be borne by the Indemnifying Parties) if, in the
reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the Indemnifying Parties, the
representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying
Parties would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests
between such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Parties. In the case of an
Indemnified Party, the legal counsel referred to in the immediately preceding
sentence shall be selected by the Purchasers holding at least a majority in
interest of the Securities to which the Loss relates. The Indemnified Party
shall cooperate with the Indemnifying Parties in connection with any
negotiation or defense of any such action or Loss by the Indemnifying Parties
and shall furnish to the Indemnifying Parties information reasonably available
to the Indemnified Party which relates to such action or Loss. The
Indemnifying Parties shall keep the Indemnified Party fully apprised at all
times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with
respect thereto. The Indemnifying Parties shall not be liable for any
settlement of any Claim effected without its prior written consent; provided,
however, that the Indemnifying Parties shall not unreasonably withhold, delay
or condition its consent. The Indemnifying Parties shall not, without the
prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, consent to entry of any
judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not
include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or
plaintiff to such Indemnified Party of a full release from all liability in
respect to such Loss, action and proceeding. The failure to deliver written
notice to the Indemnifying Parties as provided in this Agreement shall not
relieve the Indemnifying Parties of any liability to the Indemnified Parties
under this Section 8, except to the extent that the Indemnifying Parties are
materially prejudiced in their ability to defend such action.

                  (d) Contribution. To the extent that the undertaking to
indemnify, pay or hold harmless the Indemnified Parties set forth in Section
8(a) above may be unenforceable because it is violative of any law or public
policy, the Indemnifying Parties shall jointly and severally make the maximum
contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Losses which is
permissible under applicable law.

                  (e) Survival of Representations and Warranties;
Indemnification Obligations. The representations and warranties of the
Purchasers, the Company and the Guarantors set forth herein and the
obligations of the Company and the Guarantors under Sections 4, 5, 8 and 9
shall survive the execution, delivery and termination of this Agreement, the
transfer of the Securities by the Purchasers and the repayment, cancellation
or conversion of the Notes.

SECTION 9.        MISCELLANEOUS.

                  (a) Terms Defined. As used in this Agreement, the following
terms have the respective meanings set forth below:

                           "Affiliate" means any Person or entity, directly or
indirectly, controlling, controlled by or under common
control with such Person or entity.

                           "Assumed Indebtedness" shall mean the Indebtedness
assumed by the Company and its Subsidiaries pursuant to the Plan of
Reorganization, if any, which Indebtedness is specifically listed as Assumed
Indebtedness on Schedule 3(n), which Assumed Indebtedness shall not exceed
$15,000,000 in the aggregate.

                           "CERCLA" shall mean the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as the same has been
amended and may hereafter be amended from time to time, 42 U.S.C. ss. 9601 et
seq.

                           "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and
rulings issued thereunder. Section references to the Code are to the Code as
in effect at the date of this Agreement and any subsequent provisions of the
Code amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted therefor.

                           "Collateral" shall have the meaning set forth in
the Security Agreement.

                           "Contingent Obligation" shall mean, as to any
Person, any obligation of such Person as a result of such Person being a
general partner of any other Person, unless the underlying obligation is
expressly made non-recourse as to such general partner, and any obligation of
such Person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases,
dividends or other obligations ("primary obligations") of any other Person
(the "primary obligor") in any manner, whether directly or indirectly,
including, without limitation, any obligation of such Person, whether or not
contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property
constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply
funds (x) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (y) to
maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise
to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to
purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of
assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the
primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise
to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss
in respect thereof; provided, however, that the term Contingent Obligation
shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the
ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be
deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the
primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made or,
if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in
respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as
determined by such Person in good faith.

                           "Contract" means agreements, contracts,
instruments, arrangements, guarantees, licenses, commitments,
undertakings or understandings, in each case, whether written or oral.

                           "Environmental Claims" shall mean any and all
administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand
letters, directives, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation,
investigations or proceedings relating in any way to any Environmental Law or
any permit issued, or any approval given, under any such Environmental Law
(hereafter, "Claims"), including, without limitation, (a) any and all Claims
by governmental or regulatory authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal,
response, remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any applicable
Environmental Law, and (b) any and all Claims by any third party seeking
damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or
injunctive relief in connection with alleged injury or threat of injury to
health, safety or the environment due to the presence of Hazardous Materials.

                           "Environmental Law" shall mean any Federal, state,
foreign or local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, guideline,
policy and rule of common law now or hereafter in effect and in each case as
amended, and any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including
any judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment, relating to
the environment, employee health and safety or Hazardous Materials, including,
without limitation, CERCLA; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42
U.S.C ss. 6901 et seq.; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. ss.
1251 et seq.; the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. ss. 2601 et seq.;
the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. ss. 7401 et seq.; the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42
U.S.C. ss. 3803 et seq.; the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. ss. 2701 et
seq.; the Emergency Planning and the Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986, 42
U.S.C. ss. 11001 et seq.; the Hazardous Material Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C.
ss. 1801 et seq.; the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C. ss. 651 et
seq.; and any state and local or foreign counterparts or equivalents, in each
case as amended from time to time.

                           "Equity Interests" shall mean of any Person shall
mean any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options,
participation or other equivalents of or interest in (however designated)
equity of such Person, including any preferred stock, any limited or general
partnership interest and any limited liability company membership interest.

                           "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and
the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. Section references
to ERISA are to ERISA, as in effect at the date of this Agreement and any
subsequent provisions of ERISA, amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or
substituted therefor.

                           "ERISA Affiliate" shall mean each person (as
defined in Section 3(9) of ERISA) which together with the Company or a
Subsidiary of the Company would be deemed to be a "single employer" (i) within
the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or (ii) as a result
of the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company being or having been a general
partner of such person.

                           "FCC" shall mean the U.S. Federal Communications
Commission, or any successor thereto.

                           "Foreign Pension Plan" shall mean each employee
benefit plan, employment, bonus, incentive, stock purchase and stock option
plan, program, agreement or arrangement; and each severance, termination pay,
salary continuation, retention, accrued leave, vacation, sick pay, sick leave,
medical, life insurance, disability, accident, profit-sharing, fringe benefit,
pension, deferred compensation or other retirement or superannuation plan,
fund, program, agreement, commitment or arrangement sponsored, established,
maintained or contributed to, or required to be contributed to, or with
respect to which any liability is borne, outside the fifty states of the
United States of America, by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
including, without limitation, any such plan, fund, program, agreement or
arrangement sponsored by a government or governmental entity.

                           "GAAP" shall mean generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America as in effect
from time-to-time.

                           "Hazardous Materials" shall mean (a) any petroleum
or petroleum products, radioactive materials, asbestos in any form that is or
could become friable, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, dielectric fluid
containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, and radon gas; (b) any
chemicals, materials or substances defined as or included in the definition of
"hazardous substances," "hazardous waste," "hazardous materials," "extremely
hazardous substances," "restricted hazardous waste," "toxic substances,"
"toxic pollutants," "contaminants," or "pollutants," or words of similar
import, under any applicable Environmental Law; and (c) any other chemical,
material or substance, the exposure to, or Release of which is prohibited,
limited or regulated by any governmental authority.

                           "Indebtedness" shall have the meaning set forth in
the Indenture.

                           "Leaseholds" of any Person shall mean all the
right, title and interest of such Person as lessee or licensee in, to and
under leases or licenses of land, improvements and/or fixtures.

                           "Lien" shall mean any mortgage, pledge,
hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory
or other), preference, priority or other security agreement of any kind or
nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, any conditional sale or
other title retention agreement, any financing or similar statement or notice
filed under the UCC or any other similar recording or notice statute, and any
lease having substantially the same effect as any of the foregoing).

                           "Margin Stock" shall have the meaning provided in
Regulation U.

                           "Material Adverse Effect" shall mean any change,
circumstance or effect that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have,
a material adverse effect on (i) the assets, nature of assets, property,
liabilities, business, operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or
prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the
ability of the Company or Guarantors, in a timely manner, to perform their
respective obligations under this Agreement or consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or (iii) the rights and remedies of the
Purchasers pursuant to this Agreement.

                           "Mortgage" shall mean a mortgage, leasehold
mortgage, deed of trust, leasehold deed of trust, deed to secure debt,
leasehold deed to secure debt or similar security instrument.

                           "Mortgage Policy" shall mean a mortgage title
insurance policy or a binding commitment with respect thereto.

                           "Mortgaged Property" shall mean any Real Property
owned or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which is encumbered
(or required to be encumbered) by a Mortgage.

                           "Permitted Encumbrance" shall mean, with respect to
any Mortgaged Property, such exceptions to title as are set forth in the
Mortgage Policy delivered with respect thereto, all of which exceptions must
be acceptable to the Collateral Agent in its reasonable discretion.

                           "Permitted Lien" shall have the meaning set forth
in the Indenture.

                           "Person" shall mean any individual, partnership,
joint venture, firm, corporation, association, limited liability company,
trust or other enterprise or any government or political subdivision or any
agency, department or instrumentality thereof.

                           "Plan" shall mean any pension plan as defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA, which is maintained or contributed to by (or to which
there is an obligation to contribute of) the Company or a Subsidiary of the
Company or an ERISA Affiliate, and each such plan for the five year period
immediately following the latest date on which the Company, a Subsidiary of
the Company or an ERISA Affiliate maintained, contributed to or had an
obligation to contribute to such plan.

                           "Pledge Agreement Collateral" shall mean all
"Collateral" as defined in the Pledge Agreement.

                           "Real Property" of any Person shall mean all the
right, title and interest of such Person in and to land,
improvements and fixtures, including Leaseholds.

                           "Regulation T" shall mean Regulation T of the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and
any successor to all or a portion thereof.

                           "Regulation U" shall mean Regulation U of the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and
any successor to all or a portion thereof.

                           "Regulation X" shall mean Regulation X of the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and
any successor to all or a portion thereof.

                           "Release" shall mean actively or passively
disposing, discharging, injecting, spilling, pumping, leaking, leaching,
dumping, emitting, escaping, emptying, pouring, seeping, migrating or the
like, into or upon any land or water or air, or otherwise entering into the
environment.

                           "Secured Creditors" shall have the meaning assigned
that term in the respective Security Documents.

                           "Security Agreement Collateral" shall mean all
"Collateral" as defined in the Security Agreement.

                           "Subsidiary" shall mean, as to any Person, (i) any
corporation more than 50% of whose stock of any class or classes having by the
terms thereof ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the directors of
such corporation (irrespective of whether or not at the time stock of any
class or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by
reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time owned by such
Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person and (ii) any
partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture or other
entity in which such Person and/or one or more Subsidiaries of such Person has
more than a 50% equity interest at the time. All references herein to the
Company's Subsidiaries shall include the Guarantors.

                           "Third-Lien Credit Agreement" shall mean the Credit
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Company, the lenders party
thereto, and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as agent, as the same may be
amended, modified, and (or supplemented from time to time in accordance with
the terms hereof and thereof.).

                           "Third-Lien Credit Documents" shall mean the
Third-Lien Credit Agreement, and the related guarantees, pledge agreements,
security agreements, mortgages, notes and other agreements and instruments
entered into in connection with the Third-Lien Credit Agreement, in each case
as the same may be amended, modified and/or supplemented from time to time in
accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

                           "Transaction" shall mean, collectively, (i) the
consummation of the Plan of Reorganization, (ii) the entering into of the
First-Lien Credit Facility and the making of any term loans or the issuance of
any letters of credit thereunder on the Closing Date, (iii) the entering into
of this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the issuance of all of the
Notes hereunder on the Closing Date, (iv) the entering into of the Third-Lien
Credit Documents and (as defined in the First-Lien Credit Facility) (v) the
payment of all fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing.

                           "UCC" shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as
from time to time in effect in the relevant jurisdiction.

                  (b) Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and
interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the
State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of
law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other
jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the
address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If any provision of
this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such
invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or
enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO REQUEST A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY
LITIGATION WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND REPRESENTS THAT COUNSEL HAS BEEN
CONSULTED SPECIFICALLY AS TO THIS WAIVER.

                  (c) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of
which shall constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement, once
executed by a party, may be delivered to the other parties hereto by facsimile
transmission of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so
delivering this Agreement.

                  (d) Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the
meaning hereof.

                  (e) Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Registration
Rights Agreement, the Indenture, the Notes, the Security Documents, the
Transactions Documents and the documents referenced herein and therein
constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter hereof and thereof. This Agreement, the Registration Rights
Agreement, the Indenture, the Notes and the Transaction Documents and the
documents referenced herein and therein supersede all prior agreements and
understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof.

                  (f) Consents. All consents and other determinations required
to be made by the Purchasers pursuant to this Agreement shall be made, unless
otherwise specified in this Agreement, by Purchasers holding at least a
majority of the Conversion Shares, determined as if all of the Notes held by
Purchasers then outstanding have been converted into Conversion Shares without
regard to any limitations on conversion of the Notes (the "Majority
Purchasers").

                  (g) Amendments, Modifications and Waivers. No provision of
this Agreement may be amended, modified or waived other than by an instrument
in writing signed by the Company, the Guarantors and the Majority Purchasers;
provided, however, Section 4(j) may only be amended, modified or waived with
an instrument in writing signed by the Company and Laminar and the consent of
the other Purchasers shall not be required to amend, modify or waive such
provision. The Company shall pay for all reasonable fees and expenses incurred
by the Purchasers in connection with any amendment, waiver or consent relating
hereto (whether or not such amendment, waiver or consent shall become
effective).

                  (h) Notices. Any notices, consents, waivers or other
communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this
Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i)
upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by
facsimile; or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the
party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers for such
communications shall be:

                  If to the Company:

                                    RCN Corporation
                                    105 Carnegie Center
                                    Princeton, New Jersey 08540
                                    Facsimile No.:  (609) 734-3701
                                    Attention: Deborah M. Royster, Esq.

                  with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

                                    Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
                                    Four Times Square
                                    New York, New York 10036
                                    Facsimile No.:  (212) 735-2000
                                    Attention: Alan G. Straus, Esq.

                  If to a Purchaser, to its address and facsimile number set
forth on Schedule II or Schedule III attached hereto, as applicable, with
copies to such Purchaser's representatives, if any, as set forth on Schedule
II or Schedule III attached hereto, or at such other address and/or facsimile
number and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has
specified by written notice given to each other party. Written confirmation of
receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other
communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the sender's
facsimile machine containing the time, date, recipient facsimile number and an
image of the first page of such transmission or (C) provided by a nationally
recognized overnight delivery service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal
service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from a nationally recognized
overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above,
respectively.

                  (i) Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or
cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall
execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and
documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the
intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby.

                  (j) Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended
for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted
successors and assigns.

                  (k) Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall
be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or
unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the
remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or
enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

                  (l) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors
and assigns, including any successor purchasers of the Securities. Neither the
Company nor any Guarantor shall assign this Agreement or any rights or
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Majority
Purchasers, including by merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially
all of its assets, or others, except pursuant to a Change of Control (as
defined in the Indenture) with respect to which the Company is in compliance
with all of the terms of the Indenture and the Notes. A Purchaser and any
successor Purchaser may assign some or all of its rights and obligations
hereunder without the consent of the Company or the Guarantors; provided,
however, Laminar shall not have the right to assign its rights pursuant to
Section 4(j) unless the prior written consent of the Company is obtained;
provided further, however, that Laminar shall have the right to assign its
rights pursuant to Section 4(j) to any corporation, limited liability company,
partnership or other entity resulting from the reorganization, merger or
consolidation of Laminar with or into any other corporation, limited liability
company, partnership or other entity or any corporation, limited liability
company, partnership or other entity to or with which all or substantially all
of Laminar's assets may be sold, exchanged or transferred.

                  (m) Publicity. Laminar shall have the right to approve prior
to issuance (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed),
any press releases or any other public statements with respect to the
transactions contemplated by the this Agreement and the Transaction Documents
that refer to Laminar.

                  (n) Termination. In the event that the Closing shall not
have occurred with respect to a Purchaser on or before five (5) Business Days
from the date hereof due to the Company's, a Guarantor's or such Purchaser's
failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 of this
Agreement (and the nonbreaching party's failure to waive such unsatisfied
conditions), the nonbreaching party shall have the option to terminate this
Agreement with respect to such breaching party at the close of business on
such date without liability of any party to any other party; provided,
however, that if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Section 9(n),
the Company shall remain obligated to reimburse any nonbreaching Purchaser for
the expenses described in Section 4(f) of this Agreement.

                  (o) Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company or any
Guarantor makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser hereunder or pursuant
to any of the other Transaction Documents, or the Purchasers enforce or
exercise their rights hereunder or thereunder, and such payment or payments or
the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are
subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set
aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or
otherwise restored to the Company, a Guarantor a trustee, receiver or any
other person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law,
state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the
extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally
intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and
effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had
not occurred.

                  (p) Taxes. The Company shall pay and hold the Purchasers
harmless from and against any and all present and future stamp, excise and
other similar taxes with respect to the Notes or the Conversion Shares and
save the Purchasers harmless from and against any and all liabilities with
respect to or resulting from any delay or omission to pay such taxes.

                           [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Note
Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.


                                RCN CORPORATION


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                D. E. SHAW LAMINAR LENDING 2, INC.


                                By: /s/ Max Holmes
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Max Holmes
                                    Title: Authorized Signatory


                  [Signature Page to Note Purchase Agreement]

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Note
Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.


                                Canpartners Investments IV, LLC


                                By: /s/ Joshua S. Friedman
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Joshua S. Friedman
                                    Title: Authorized Signatory


                  [Signature Page to Note Purchase Agreement]

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Note
Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.


                                SENECA CAPITAL, L.P.


                                By: /s/ Doug Hirsch
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Doug Hirsch
                                    Title: Managing Member

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Note
Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.


                                RCN CORPORATION,
                                   as Attorney-in-Fact for each of the
                                   Purchasers named in Schedule III hereto


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Note
Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                Tec Air, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                RCN Financial Management, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                RCN Internet Services, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                UNET Holding, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                RLH Property Corporation


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Note
Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                RCN Entertainment, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                ON TV, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                Hot Spots Productions, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                RCN Telecom Services of Illinois, LLC


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                21st Century Telecom Services, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Note
Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                RCN Cable TV of Chicago, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                RCN Finance, LLC


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                RFM 2, LLC


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                Brainstorm Networks, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Note
Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                RCN Telecom Services, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                RCN International Holdings, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                RCN Telecom Services of Massachusetts, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                RCN Telecom Services of Philadelphia, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                RCN Telecom Services of Virginia, Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Note
Purchase Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                RCN Telecom Services of Washington D.C., Inc.


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                RCN-BecoCom, LLC


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer


                                Starpower Communications, LLC


                                By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT A

                         Registration Rights Agreement
                         -----------------------------

<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT B

                          Wire Transfer Instructions
                          --------------------------

<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT C

                           Indemnification Agreement
                           -------------------------

<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT D

                    Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions
                    ---------------------------------------

<PAGE>

                FORM OF IRREVOCABLE TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS


December 21, 2004

VIA FEDEX AND FACSIMILE ((201) 329-8967)
- ----------------------------------------

Mellon Bank
Overpeck Centre
85 Challenger Road
Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660
Attn:  Susan O'Heny

Re:  Reservation of Shares of Common Stock Pursuant to Sale by RCN Corporation
     of $125,000,000 in Aggregate Principal Amount of 7.375% Convertible
     Second-Lien Notes due 2012
     -------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Ms. O'Heny:

RCN Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), has agreed to sell to
the institutional investors listed on Schedule A hereto (the "Purchasers"), on
the date hereof, One Hundred Twenty-Five Million Dollars ($125,000,000) in
aggregate principal amount of 7.375% Convertible Second-Lien Notes due 2012
(the "Notes") that are convertible into shares of the common stock, par value
$0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), of the Company pursuant to that certain
Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, by and among the
Company, certain subsidiary guarantors of the Company and each Purchaser (the
"Note Purchase Agreement"). Capitalized terms used herein without definition
have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note Purchase Agreement.

You are hereby irrevocably instructed to establish, as of the date of this
letter, a reserve of 5,216,614 shares of Common Stock for issuance to holders
of the Notes upon conversion of the Notes (the "Conversion Share Reserve").
The Conversion Share Reserve shall be adjusted to appropriately reflect the
effect of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend (including any
dividend or distribution of securities convertible into Common Stock),
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, exchange or other like
change with respect to the Common Stock occurring on or after the date hereof.

The Company expects that a registration statement on Form S-1 to register the
Notes and the Common Stock issuable out of the Conversion Share Reserve (the
"Registration Statement") will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "Commission") and declared effective by the Commission on or
before September 30, 2005. We will forward to you copies of the filing
promptly after it is declared or deemed effective by the Commission.

Until the Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission, the
certificates evidencing the shares of Common Stock issued out of the
Conversion Share Reserve will bear the restrictive legend set forth below:

          The securities evidenced hereby have not been registered under the
          Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"), or any state
          securities laws and may not be transferred except pursuant to an
          effective registration under the Act or such laws or in a
          transaction which qualifies as an exempt transaction under the Act
          and such laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

So long as you have previously received (i) an opinion of the Company's
outside counsel (which the Company shall direct be delivered to you by such
outside counsel upon the effectiveness of the Registration Statement covering
the resales of the Common Stock) stating that a Registration Statement
covering the resales of the Common Stock has been declared effective by the
Commission under the Securities Act, (ii) a copy of the Registration Statement
and (iii) confirmation from the Company that sales are permitted under the
Registration Statement at that time, the certificates representing the Common
Stock sold pursuant to the Registration Statement shall not bear any legend
restricting transfer of the Common Stock thereby and should not be subject to
any stop-transfer restriction.

<PAGE>

We have enclosed for you review and files a copy of the Note Purchase
Agreement.

Please be advised that the Purchasers have relied upon this instruction letter
as an inducement to enter into the Note Purchase Agreement and, accordingly,
each of the Purchasers is a third party beneficiary to these instructions.

Please sign in the space provided below to evidence your acceptance and
acknowledgment of your responsibilities under this letter. Please contact the
undersigned at ( ) if you require any further information.


                                                  Very truly yours,

                                                  RCN CORPORATION


                                                  By:
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                     Name:
                                                     Title:


Acknowledged and Agreed:

MELLON BANK


By:
   ---------------------------
   Name:
   Title:


Enclosure

<PAGE>

                                   ANNEX A-1

              Opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
              ---------------------------------------------------

<PAGE>

                                   ANNEX A-2

                          Opinion of General Counsel
                          --------------------------

<PAGE>

                                    ANNEX B

                             Officers' Certificate
                             ---------------------


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>rcn-2ndcreditagmt.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.4 - INDENTURE
<TEXT>

                                                                   Exhibit 4.4

                                RCN CORPORATION,

                                    as Issuer

                                       and

                     HSBC BANK USA, National Association, as

                                   as Trustee

                                    INDENTURE

                          Dated as of December 21, 2004

                  7.375% Convertible Second Lien Notes due 2012

<PAGE>

                             CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE*

        Provisions of Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and Indenture, dated as of
December 21, 2004, by and among RCN Corporation, certain Guarantors (as
hereinafter defined) and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Trustee,
providing for the 7.375% Convertible Second Lien Notes due 2012:

        Section of the Act                             Section of the Indenture
        -------------------------------------------    ------------------------
        310(a)(1) and (2)..........................    8.9
        310(a)(3) and (4)..........................    N.A.**
        310(b).....................................    8.8 and 8.10(b) and (d)
        310(c).....................................    N.A.
        311(a).....................................    8.13
        311(b).....................................    8.13
        311(c).....................................    N.A.
        312(a).....................................    6.1 and 6.2(a)
        312(b).....................................    6.2(b)
        312(c).....................................    6.2(c)
        313(a).....................................    6.3
        313(b)(1)..................................    N.A.
        313(b)(2)..................................    6.3
        313(c).....................................    6.3
        313(d).....................................    6.3
        314(a).....................................    6.4
        314(b).....................................    4.4
        314(c)(1) and (2)..........................    16.5
        314(c)(3)..................................    4.6
        314(d).....................................    4.6
        314(e).....................................    16.5
        314(f).....................................    N.A.
        315(a), (c) and (d)........................    8.1 and 8.2
        315(b).....................................    7.8
        315(e).....................................    7.9
        316(a)(1)..................................    7.7
        316(a)(2)..................................    Not required
        316(a) (last sentence).....................    9.4
        316(b).....................................    11.2

- ----------
*       This Cross-Reference Table shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part
        of this Indenture.

**      N.A. means Not Applicable.

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                        Page
                                                                                                        ----
<S>                                                                                                       <C>
ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS.....................................................................................1

     Section 1.1.   Definitions............................................................................1
     Section 1.2.   Other Definitions.....................................................................28
     Section 1.3.   Rules of Construction.................................................................29
     Section 1.4.   Acts of Holders.......................................................................29

ARTICLE II. ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATION AND EXCHANGE OF NOTES.............................30

     Section 2.1.   Designation, Amount and Issue of Notes................................................30
     Section 2.2.   Form of Notes.........................................................................30
     Section 2.3.   Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest..................................31
     Section 2.4.   Execution of Notes....................................................................33
     Section 2.5.   Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer..............33
     Section 2.6.   Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes............................................48
     Section 2.7.   Temporary Notes.......................................................................49
     Section 2.8.   Cancellation of Notes Paid, Etc.......................................................50
     Section 2.9.   CUSIP Numbers.........................................................................50

ARTICLE III. OPTIONAL REDEMPTION OF NOTES SECTION.........................................................50

     Section 3.1.   Redemption Price......................................................................50
     Section 3.2.   Notice of Redemption; Selection of Notes..............................................51
     Section 3.3.   Payment of Notes Called for Redemption................................................52
     Section 3.4.   Conversion Arrangement on Call for Redemption........................................53

ARTICLE IV. COLLATERAL AND SECURITY DOCUMENTS AND GUARANTEES; AGREEMENTS IN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT.......54

     Section 4.1.   Collateral and Security Documents and Guarantee Agreement; Agreements
                     in Intercreditor Agreement ..........................................................54
     Section 4.2.   Application of Proceeds of Collateral and Guarantee Payments..........................54
     Section 4.3.   Possession, Use and Release of Collateral.............................................54
     Section 4.4.   Opinion of Counsel....................................................................55
     Section 4.5.   Further Assurances....................................................................56
     Section 4.6.   Trust Indenture Act Requirements......................................................56
     Section 4.7.   Suits to Protect Collateral...........................................................56
     Section 4.8.   Purchaser Protected...................................................................56
     Section 4.9.   Powers Exercisable by Receiver or Trustee.............................................57
     Section 4.10.  Release upon Termination of Company's Obligations.....................................57
     Section 4.11.  Limitation on Duty of Trustee in Respect of Collateral................................57
     Section 4.12.  Authorization of Trustee..............................................................58
     Section 4.13.  Intercreditor Agreement Controls......................................................58
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                       <C>
     Section 4.14.  Liability of the Collateral Agent.....................................................58

ARTICLE V. COVENANTS......................................................................................59

     Section 5.1.   Payment of Principal, Premium and Interest............................................59
     Section 5.2.   Maintenance of Office or Agency.......................................................59
     Section 5.3.   Money for Note Payments To Be Held in Trust...........................................60
     Section 5.4.   Corporate Existence...................................................................61
     Section 5.5.   Payment of Taxes and Other Claims.....................................................61
     Section 5.6.   Maintenance of Properties.............................................................62
     Section 5.7.   Insurance.............................................................................62
     Section 5.8.   Books and Records.....................................................................63
     Section 5.9.   Provision of Financial Statements.....................................................63
     Section 5.10.  Change of Control.....................................................................63
     Section 5.11.  Limitation on Additional Indebtedness; Offer to Repurchase upon Incurrence
                     of Indebtedness not Permitted .......................................................65
     Section 5.12.  Statement by Officers as to Default; Notice of Certain Defaults.......................66
     Section 5.13.  Limitation on Restricted Payments.....................................................66
     Section 5.14.  Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates............................................69
     Section 5.15.  Disposition of Proceeds of Asset Sales................................................70
     Section 5.16.  Limitation on Liens...................................................................72
     Section 5.17.  Limitation on Business................................................................73
     Section 5.18.  Limitation on Certain Guarantees and Indebtedness of Restricted
                     Subsidiaries; Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries to Become Guarantors and
                     Provide Collateral...................................................................73
     Section 5.19.  Limitation on Issuances and Sales of Preferred Stock by Restricted Subsidiaries.......75
     Section 5.20.  Limitation on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting
                     Restricted Subsidiaries. ............................................................75
     Section 5.21.  Designations of Unrestricted Subsidiaries.............................................76
     Section 5.22.  Compliance Certificates and Opinions..................................................77
     Section 5.23.  Reports...............................................................................77

ARTICLE VI. NOTEHOLDERS' LISTS AND REPORTS BY THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE.................................78

     Section 6.1.   Noteholders Lists.....................................................................78
     Section 6.2.   Preservation and Disclosure of Lists..................................................78
     Section 6.3.   Reports by Trustee....................................................................78
     Section 6.4.   Reports by Company....................................................................79

ARTICLE VII. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES........................................................................79

     Section 7.1.   Events of Default.....................................................................79
     Section 7.2.   Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor...........................................82
     Section 7.3.   Application of Monies Collected by Trustee............................................84
     Section 7.4.   Proceedings by Noteholder.............................................................84
     Section 7.5.   Proceedings by Trustee................................................................85
     Section 7.6.   Remedies Cumulative and Continuing....................................................85
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                      <C>
     Section 7.7.   Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Noteholders............86
     Section 7.8.   Notice of Defaults....................................................................86
     Section 7.9.   Undertaking to Pay Costs..............................................................87
     Section 7.10.  Delay or Omission Not Waiver..........................................................87

ARTICLE VIII. CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE......................................................................87

     Section 8.1.   Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee................................................87
     Section 8.2.   Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc..................................................88
     Section 8.3.   No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc...................................................90
     Section 8.4.   Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents or Note Registrar May Own Notes.............90
     Section 8.5.   Monies to be Held in Trust............................................................90
     Section 8.6.   Compensation and Expenses of Trustee..................................................90
     Section 8.7.   [Intentionally Omitted]...............................................................91
     Section 8.8.   Conflicting Interests of Trustee......................................................91
     Section 8.9.   Eligibility of Trustee................................................................91
     Section 8.10.  Resignation or Removal of Trustee.....................................................91
     Section 8.11.  Acceptance by Successor Trustee.......................................................93
     Section 8.12.  Succession by Merger, Etc.............................................................93
     Section 8.13.  Limitation on Rights of Trustee as Creditor...........................................94

ARTICLE IX. CONCERNING THE NOTEHOLDERS....................................................................94

     Section 9.1.   Action by Noteholders.................................................................94
     Section 9.2.   Proof of Execution by Noteholders.....................................................94
     Section 9.3.   Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners........................................................95
     Section 9.4.   Company-Owned Notes Disregarded.......................................................95
     Section 9.5.   Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound..........................................95

ARTICLE X. NOTEHOLDERS' MEETINGS..........................................................................96

     Section 10.1.  Purpose of Meetings...................................................................96
     Section 10.2.  Call of Meetings by Trustee...........................................................96
     Section 10.3.  Call of Meetings by Company or Noteholders............................................97
     Section 10.4.  Qualifications for Voting.............................................................97
     Section 10.5.  Regulations...........................................................................97
     Section 10.6.  Voting................................................................................98
     Section 10.7.  No Delay of Rights by Meeting.........................................................98

ARTICLE XI. AMENDMENTS; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES...........................................................98

     Section 11.1.  Amendments; Supplemental Indentures without Consent of Noteholders....................98
     Section 11.2.  Amendments; Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Noteholders......................100
     Section 11.3.  Effect of Amendments and Supplemental Indentures.....................................101
     Section 11.4.  Notation on Notes....................................................................101
     Section 11.5.  Evidence of Compliance of Amendment or Supplemental
                     Indenture to be Furnished to Trustee ...............................................101
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                      <C>
     Section 11.6.  Intercreditor Agreement..............................................................101

ARTICLE XII. CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCE AND LEASE...........................................102

     Section 12.1.  Company May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms.................................102
     Section 12.2.  Successor Entity to be Substituted...................................................103

ARTICLE XIII. SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE....................................................103

     Section 13.1.  Discharge of Indenture...............................................................103
     Section 13.2.  Deposited Monies to be Held in Trust by Trustee......................................104
     Section 13.3.  Paying Agent to Repay Monies Held....................................................104
     Section 13.4.  Return of Unclaimed Monies...........................................................104
     Section 13.5.  Reinstatement........................................................................105

ARTICLE XIV. NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS..................................................................105

     Section 14.1.  Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations.....................................105

ARTICLE XV. CONVERSION OF NOTES..........................................................................105

     Section 15.1.  Right to Convert.....................................................................105
     Section 15.2.  Exercise of Conversion Privilege; Issuance of Common Stock on Conversion.............106
     Section 15.3.  Intentionally Omitted................................................................107
     Section 15.4.  Cash Payments in Lieu of Fractional Shares...........................................107
     Section 15.5.  Conversion Price.....................................................................108
     Section 15.6.  Adjustment of Conversion Price.......................................................108
     Section 15.7.  Effect of Reclassification, Consolidation, Merger or Sale............................115
     Section 15.8.  Taxes on Shares Issued...............................................................116
     Section 15.9.  Reservation of Shares; Shares to be Fully Paid; Listing of Common Stock..............116
     Section 15.10. Responsibility of Trustee............................................................117
     Section 15.11. Notice to Holders Prior to Certain Actions...........................................118
     Section 15.12. Holder Not Deemed a Shareholder......................................................119

ARTICLE XVI. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS....................................................................119

     Section 16.1.  Provisions Binding on Company's Successors...........................................119
     Section 16.2.  Official Acts by Successor Corporation...............................................119
     Section 16.3.  Addresses for Notices, Etc...........................................................119
     Section 16.4.  Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial..............................................120
     Section 16.5.  Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates to Trustee............121
     Section 16.6.  Legal Holidays.......................................................................121
     Section 16.7.  Trust Indenture Act..................................................................122
     Section 16.8.  Benefits of Indenture................................................................122
     Section 16.9.  Table of Contents, Headings, Etc.....................................................122
     Section 16.10. Authenticating Agent.................................................................122
     Section 16.11. Execution in Counterparts............................................................123
     Section 16.12. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements........................................123
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                      <C>
ARTICLE XVII. DEFEASANCE OR COVENANT DEFEASANCE..........................................................123

     Section 17.1.  Company's Option To Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.........................123
     Section 17.2.  Defeasance and Discharge.............................................................124
     Section 17.3.  Covenant Defeasance..................................................................124
     Section 17.4.  Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance......................................124
     Section 17.5.  Deposited Money and U.S. Government Securities To Be Held in
                     Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions. .............................................127
     Section 17.6.  Reinstatement........................................................................127
</TABLE>

EXHIBIT A           Form of 7.375% Convertible Second Lien Notes due 2012

EXHIBIT B           Form of Conversion Notice

EXHIBIT C           [Intentionally Omitted]

EXHIBIT D           Form of Certificate of Transfer

EXHIBIT E           Form of Certificate of Exchange

EXHIBIT F           Form of Transfer Letter of Representations

EXHIBIT G           Form of Security Agreement

EXHIBIT H           Form of Subsidiaries Guaranty

EXHIBIT I           Form of Pledge Agreement

EXHIBIT J           Form of Intercreditor Agreement

Schedule 1.01A      Certain Permitted Liens

Schedule 1.01B      Certain Permitted Investments

Schedule 5.11       Existing Indebtedness

Schedule 5.20       Certain Restrictions

<PAGE>

        INDENTURE, dated as of December 21, 2004, by and among RCN Corporation,
a Delaware corporation (hereinafter sometimes called the "Company", as more
fully set forth in Section 1.1) and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, a
national banking association, as trustee (hereinafter sometimes called the
"Trustee", as more fully set forth in Section 1.1).

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

        WHEREAS, for its lawful corporate purposes, the Company has duly
authorized the issue of its 7.375% Convertible Second Lien Notes due 2012
(hereinafter sometimes called the "Notes"), in an aggregate principal amount not
to exceed One Hundred Twenty-Five Million United States Dollars ($125,000,000)
and to provide the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are to be
authenticated, issued and delivered, the Company has duly authorized the
execution and delivery of this Indenture; and

        WHEREAS, the Notes, the certificate of authentication to be borne by the
Notes, a form of assignment, forms of option to elect repayment upon certain
events, and a form of conversion notice and transfer to be borne by the Notes
are to be substantially in the forms hereinafter provided for; and

        WHEREAS, all acts and things necessary to make the Notes, when executed
by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee or a duly
authorized authenticating agent, as provided in this Indenture, the valid,
binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to make this Indenture a valid
agreement of the Company according to its terms, have been done and performed,
and the execution of this Indenture and the issue hereunder of the Notes have in
all respects been duly authorized.

        NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

        That in order to declare the terms and conditions upon which the Notes
are, and are to be, authenticated, issued and delivered, and in consideration of
the premises and of the purchase and acceptance of the Notes by the holders
thereof, the Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee for the equal and
proportionate benefit of the respective holders from time to time of the Notes
(except as otherwise provided below), as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I.

                                   DEFINITIONS

        Section 1.1.    Definitions.

        "144A Global Note" means the Global Note substantially in the form of
Exhibit A hereto bearing the Global Note Legend and the Private Placement Legend
and deposited with or on behalf of, and registered in the name of, the
Depositary or its nominee that will be issued in a denomination equal to the
outstanding principal amount of the Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A.

        "Acquired Indebtedness" means Indebtedness of a Person existing at the
time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or assumed in connection with
an Asset Acquisition by

<PAGE>

such Person and not incurred in connection with, or in anticipation of, such
Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary or such Asset Acquisition; provided that
Indebtedness of such Person which is redeemed, defeased, retired or otherwise
repaid at the time of or immediately upon consummation of the transactions by
which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or such Asset Acquisition
shall not constitute Acquired Indebtedness.

        "Affiliate" of any specified Person means any other Person which,
directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under direct or
indirect common control with, such specified Person. For the purposes of this
definition, "control" when used with respect to any Person means the power to
direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise,
and the terms "affiliated," "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings
correlative to the foregoing.

        "Applicable Procedures" means, with respect to any transfer or exchange
of beneficial ownership interests in a Global Note, the rules and procedures of
the Depositary that are applicable to such transfer or exchange.

        "Asset Acquisition" means (i) any capital contribution (by means of
transfers of cash or other property to others or payments for property or
services for the account or use of others, or otherwise) by the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary to any other Person, or any acquisition or purchase of
Capital Stock of any other Person by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary,
in either case pursuant to which such Person shall (a) become a Restricted
Subsidiary or (b) shall be merged with or into the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary or (ii) any acquisition by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary
of the assets of any Person which constitute substantially all of an operating
unit or line of business of such Person or which is otherwise outside of the
ordinary course of business.

        "Asset Sale" means any direct or indirect sale, conveyance, transfer or
lease (that has the effect of a disposition and is not for security purposes) or
other disposition (that is not for security purposes) to any Person other than
the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, in one transaction or a series of
related transactions, of (i) any Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary
(other than customary stock option programs), (ii) any assets of the Company or
any Restricted Subsidiary which constitute substantially all of an operating
unit or line of business of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries or (iii)
any other property or asset of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary outside
of the ordinary course of business. For the purposes of this definition, the
term "Asset Sale" shall not include (i) any disposition of properties and assets
of the Company and/or the Restricted Subsidiaries that is governed under Section
12.1, (ii) sales of property or equipment that have become worn out, obsolete or
damaged or otherwise unsuitable for use in connection with the business of the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, and (iii) for purposes
of Section 5.15 any sale, conveyance, transfer, lease or other disposition of
any property or asset, whether in one transaction or a series of related
transactions occurring within one year, either (x) involving assets with a Fair
Market Value not in excess of $5,000,000 or (y) which constitutes the incurrence
of a Capitalized Lease Obligation.

        "Average Life to Stated Maturity" means, with respect to any
Indebtedness, as at any date of determination, the quotient obtained by dividing
(i) the sum of the products of (a) the number of years from such date to the
date or dates of each successive scheduled principal payment

                                        2
<PAGE>

(including, without limitation, any sinking fund requirements) of such
Indebtedness multiplied by (b) the amount of each such principal payment by (ii)
the sum of all such principal payments; provided that, in the case of any
Capitalized Lease Obligation, all calculations hereunder shall give effect to
any applicable options to renew in favor of the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary.

        "Bankruptcy Code" has the meaning given to it in Section 7.1(g).

        "Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors of the Company or a
committee of such Board of Directors duly authorized to act for it (to the
extent permitted by applicable law).

        "Board Resolution" means a copy of a resolution certified by the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted by
the Board of Directors, and to be in full force and effect on the date of such
certification, and delivered to the Trustee.

        "Business Day" means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday which is not a day on which trust companies and banking institutions in
the City of New York or the city in which the Corporate Trust Office is located
are authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to close or
remain closed.

        "Calculation Period" means, in the case of any Permitted Acquisition,
the Test Period most recently ended prior to the date of any such Permitted
Acquisition for which financial statements are available.

        "Capital Stock" means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares,
interests, participations, rights in, or other equivalents (however designated
and whether voting and/or non-voting) of, such Person's capital stock, whether
outstanding on the Issue Date or issued after the Issue Date, and any and all
rights (other than any evidence of Indebtedness), warrants or options
exchangeable for or convertible into such capital stock.

        "Capitalized Lease Obligation" means any obligation to pay rent or other
amounts under a lease of (or other agreement conveying the right to use) any
property (whether real, personal or mixed, immovable or movable) that is
required to be classified and accounted for as a capitalized lease obligation
under GAAP, and, for the purpose of this Indenture, the amount of such
obligation at any date shall be the capitalized amount thereof at such date,
determined in accordance with GAAP.

        "Cash Equivalents" means, as to any Person, (i) securities issued or
directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or any agency or
instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of the United
States is pledged in support thereof) having maturities of not more than one
year from the date of acquisition, (ii) marketable direct obligations issued by
any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or
any public instrumentality thereof maturing within one year from the date of
acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having one of the two
highest ratings obtainable from either S&P or Moody's, (iii) Dollar denominated
time deposits, certificates of deposit and bankers acceptances of any Lender or
any commercial bank having, or which is the principal banking subsidiary of a
bank holding company having, a long-term unsecured debt rating of at least "A"
or the equivalent thereof from S&P or "A2" or the equivalent thereof from
Moody's with maturities of

                                        3
<PAGE>

not more than one year from the date of acquisition by such Person, (iv)
repurchase obligations with a term of not more than seven days for underlying
securities of the types described in clause (i) above entered into with any bank
meeting the qualifications specified in clause (iii) above, (v) commercial paper
issued by any Person incorporated in the United States rated at least A-1 or the
equivalent thereof by S&P or at least P-1 or the equivalent thereof by Moody's
and in each case maturing not more than one year after the date of acquisition
by such Person, and (vi) investments in money market funds substantially all of
whose assets are comprised of securities of the types described in clauses (i)
through (v) above.

        "Change of Control" means the occurrence of any of the following events:

        (a) any "Person" or "group" (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d)
and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined
in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that a Person shall be
deemed to have "beneficial ownership" of all securities that such Person has the
right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after
the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of more than 40% of the total
Voting Stock of the Company; or

        (b) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a
series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company to any Person or group of related Persons for purposes of Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act; or

        (c) during any consecutive two-year period, individuals who at the
beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors (together with any
new directors whose election by the Board of Directors or whose nomination for
election by the stockholders of the Company was approved by a vote of a majority
of the directors then still in office who were either directors at the beginning
of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so
approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of
Directors then in office.

        "Close of Business" means 5 p.m. (New York City time).

        "Collateral" has the meaning set forth in the applicable Security
Documents.

        "Collateral Agent" means HSBC Bank USA, National Association, in its
capacity as Collateral Agent under the Security Agreement, together with any
other successor collateral agent.

        "Commission" or "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or
if at any time after the execution of this Indenture, such Commission is not
existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the Trust Indenture
Act, then the body performing such duties on such date.

        "Common Stock" means with respect to the Company, any stock of any class
of the Company which has no preference in respect of dividends or of amounts
payable in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Company, which is not subject to redemption by the Company and
which entitles the Holder thereof to vote generally for the election of
directors. Subject to the provisions of Section 15.6, however, shares issuable
on conversion of Notes shall include only shares of the class designated as
common stock of the

                                        4
<PAGE>

Company at the date of this Indenture or shares of any class or classes
resulting from any reclassification or reclassifications thereof and which have
no preference in respect of dividends or of amounts payable in the event of any
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company
and which are not subject to redemption by the Company; provided that if at any
time there shall be more than one such resulting class, the shares of each such
class then so issuable shall be substantially in the proportion which the total
number of shares of such class resulting from all such reclassifications bears
to the total number of shares of all such classes resulting from all such
reclassifications. With respect to any other Person, the term "Common Stock"
means any and all shares, interests or other participations in, and other
equivalents (however designated and whether voting or non-voting) of such
Person's common stock whether outstanding at the Issue Date, and includes,
without limitation, all series and classes of such common stock.

        "Communications Act" means the Communications Act of 1934, as amended.

        "Company" means RCN Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and subject to
the provisions of Article XII, shall include its successors and assigns.

        "Company Request" or "Company Order" means a written request or order
signed in the name of the Company by any one of its Chairman of the Board, its
Vice-Chairman, its Chief Executive Officer, its President or a Vice President,
and by its Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or the Treasurer or an Assistant
Treasurer, and delivered to the Trustee.

        "Consolidated EBITDA" shall mean, for any period, Consolidated Net
Income for such period, without giving effect (x) to any extraordinary gains or
any extraordinary non-cash losses (except to the extent that any such
extraordinary non-cash losses will require a cash payment in a future period)
and (y) to any gains or losses from sales of assets other than from sales of
inventory in the ordinary course of business, adjusted by (1) adding thereto (i)
the consolidated interest expense of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries
for such period (to the extent that such consolidated interest expense was
deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period), (ii)
provisions for taxes based on income that were deducted in arriving at
Consolidated Net Income for such period, (iii) the amount of all amortization of
intangibles and depreciation that were deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net
Income for such period, (iv) the amount of all expenses incurred in connection
with the Transaction for such period to the extent that same were deducted in
arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period, (v) the amount of all
non-cash deferred compensation expense for such period to the extent that same
was deducted in arriving at the Consolidated Net Income for such period, (vi) to
the extent taken after the Issue Date but on or prior to June 30, 2005 and
deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period, non-recurring
fees, expenses and charges in connection with, or contemplated by, the emergence
of the Debtors-In-Possession from a Chapter 11 proceeding under the Bankruptcy
Code and reorganization and operational restructuring resulting therefrom in an
aggregate amount not to exceed $29,600,000 and (vii) any non-cash, non-recurring
charges and any non-cash charges associated with stock-based compensation;
provided that if any cash amounts are paid in any subsequent period with respect
to amounts described above in this clause (vii), the amounts so paid in any
subsequent period shall be subtracted in determining Consolidated EBITDA for
such subsequent period as provided in clause 2(i) below, and (2) deducting
therefrom (i) the amount of all cash payments during such period that are
associated

                                        5
<PAGE>

with any non-cash loss, change (including, without limitation, as described in
preceding clause (1)(vii)) or expense that was added back to Consolidated Net
Income in a previous period and (ii) the amount of all consolidated interest
income of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent same
increased Consolidated Net Income for such period; provided that, for purposes
of any determination of Consolidated EBITDA for the four full fiscal quarters
ended September 30, 2005, Consolidated EBITDA for such period shall be
Consolidated EBITDA for the three full fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2005
multiplied by a fraction equal to 4/3 (rounded to the nearest $1.00).

        "Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio" means, for any period, the ratio
of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Expense for such period,
computed on a Pro Forma basis.

        "Consolidated Interest Expense" shall be computed in accordance with
GAAP and shall mean, for any period, the sum of (i) the total consolidated
interest expense of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period
(calculated without regard to any limitations on the payment thereof) plus,
without duplication, that portion of Capitalized Lease Obligations of the
Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries representing the interest factor for
such period; provided that the amortization of deferred financing, legal and
accounting costs with respect to the First-Lien Credit Agreement, the Notes and
the Third-Lien Credit Agreement in each case shall be excluded from Consolidated
Interest Expense to the extent same would otherwise have been included therein
and (ii) the amount of dividends in respect of Disqualified Stock paid during
such period.

        "Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period, the net income (or
loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a
consolidated basis (after any deduction for minority interests), provided that
(i) in determining Consolidated Net Income, the net income of any other Person
which is not a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company or is accounted for by the
Company by the equity method of accounting shall be included only to the extent
of the payment of cash dividends or cash distributions by such other Person to
the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof during such period, (ii) the net
income of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (other than the Company)
shall be excluded to the extent that the declaration or payment of cash
dividends or similar cash distributions by that Subsidiary of that net income is
not at the date of determination permitted by operation of its charter or any
agreement, instrument or law applicable to such Restricted Subsidiary and (iii)
the net income (or loss) of any other Person acquired by the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary of the Company in a pooling of interests transaction for
any period prior to the date of such acquisition shall be excluded.

        "consolidation" means, with respect to the Company, the consolidation of
the accounts of the Restricted Subsidiaries with those of the Company all in
accordance with GAAP; provided that "consolidation" will not include
consolidation of the accounts of any Unrestricted Subsidiary with the accounts
of the Company. The term "consolidated" has a correlative meaning to the
foregoing.

        "Contingent Obligation" means, as to any Person, any obligation of such
Person as a result of such Person being a general partner of any other Person,
unless the underlying obligation is expressly made non-recourse as to such
general partner, and any obligation of such

                                        6
<PAGE>

Person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends
or other obligations ("primary obligations") of any other Person (the "primary
obligor") in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without
limitation, any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to
purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or
indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (x) for the purchase
or payment of any such primary obligation or (y) to maintain working capital or
equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or
solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or
services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary
obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary
obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such
primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided, however, that the
term Contingent Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for
deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any
Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or
determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such
Contingent Obligation is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum
reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is
required to perform thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith.

        "Conversion Shares" means all shares of Common Stock into which the
Notes are convertible pursuant to Article XV of this Indenture.

        "Corporate Trust Office" means the principal office of the Trustee at
which at any particular time its corporate trust business shall be principally
administered, which office at the date of execution of this Indenture is located
at 452 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10018 Attention: Corporate Trust or at
any other time at such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to
time by notice to the Noteholders.

        "Custodian" means the Trustee, as custodian with respect to the Notes in
global form, or any successor Person thereto.

        "Debtors-In-Possession" shall mean the Company and each of its
Restricted Subsidiaries which, on the Issue Date, is a debtor-in-possession
pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code.

        "Default" means any event that is, or after notice or passage of time,
or both, would be, an Event of Default.

        "Definitive Note" means a certificated Note registered in the name of
the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Article II, substantially in
the form of Exhibit A hereto except that such Note shall not bear the Global
Note Legend and shall not have the "Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the
Global Note" attached thereto.

        "Delayed Filing Authorization" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9.

        "Depositary" shall mean, with respect to the Notes issuable or issued in
whole or in part in global form, The Depository Trust Company, its nominees, and
their respective successors.

        "Designation" has the meaning set forth under Section 5.21.

                                        7
<PAGE>

        "Discharge of First-Lien Obligations" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        "Disinterested Director" means, with respect to any transaction or
series of related transactions, a member of the Board of Directors of the
Company other than a director who (i) has any material direct or indirect
financial interest in or with respect to such transaction or series of related
transactions or (ii) is an employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate
that is itself a party to such transaction or series of transactions or an
Affiliate of a party to such transaction or series of related transactions.

        "Disqualified Stock" means, with respect to any Person, any Capital
Stock which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is
convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any
event, matures or becomes mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund
obligation or otherwise, or becomes exchangeable for Indebtedness at the option
of the holder thereof, or becomes redeemable at the option of the holder
thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the final maturity date of the
Notes; provided such Capital Stock shall only constitute Disqualified Stock to
the extent it so matures or becomes so redeemable or exchangeable on or prior to
the final maturity date of the Notes; provided, further, that any Capital Stock
that would not constitute Disqualified Stock but for provisions thereof giving
holders thereof the right to require such Person to repurchase or redeem such
Capital Stock upon the occurrence of an "asset sale" or "change of control"
occurring prior to the final maturity date of the Notes shall not constitute
Disqualified Stock if the "asset sale" or "change of control" provisions
applicable to such Capital Stock are no more favorable to the holders of such
Capital Stock than the provisions contained in Section 5.15 and Section 5.10
hereof and such Capital Stock specifically provides that such Person will not
repurchase or redeem any such stock pursuant to such provision prior to the
Company's repurchase of such Notes as are required to be repurchased pursuant to
Section 5.15 and Section 5.10 hereof and at all times subject to 5.13 hereof.

        "Domestic Restricted Subsidiary" means a Restricted Subsidiary that is
organized under the laws of a state of the United States or the District of
Columbia.

        "Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor" means a Domestic Restricted Subsidiary
so long as such Domestic Restricted Subsidiary is also a Guarantor.

        "Equity Interests" means capital stock or warrants, options or other
rights to subscribe for, acquire or receive capital stock (but excluding any
debt security which is convertible into, or exchangeable for, capital stock).

        "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued
thereunder. Section references to ERISA are to ERISA, as in effect at the Issue
Date and any subsequent provisions of ERISA, amendatory thereof, supplemental
thereto or substituted therefor.

        "Event of Default" has the meaning specified in Section 7.1.

        "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                                        8
<PAGE>

        "Fair Market Value" means, with respect to any asset or property, the
price that could be negotiated in an arms-length free market transaction, for
cash, between a willing seller and a willing buyer, neither of whom is under
pressure or compulsion to complete the transaction. Unless otherwise specified
in this Indenture, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Board of
Directors acting in good faith and shall be evidenced by a Board Resolution.

        "FCC" means the U.S. Federal Communications Commission, or any successor
thereto.

        "FCC Licenses" means FCC licenses, registrations and authorizations as
are necessary to the Company's and its Restricted Subsidiaries' businesses.

        "First-Lien Collateral Agent" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        "First-Lien Collateral" has the meaning given to it in the Intercreditor
Agreement.

        "First-Lien Credit Agreement" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        "First-Lien Credit Document" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        "First-Lien Obligations" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        "Foreign Restricted Subsidiary" means a Restricted Subsidiary that is
not a Domestic Restricted Subsidiary.

        "GAAP" means, at any date of determination, generally accepted
accounting principles in effect in the United States and which are applicable as
of the date of determination and which are consistently applied for all
applicable periods.

        "Global Note Legend" means the legend set forth in Section 2.5(h)(iii),
which is required to be placed on all Global Notes issued under this Indenture.

        "Global Notes" means, individually and collectively, each of the
Restricted Global Notes and the Unrestricted Global Notes, issued in accordance
with Article II.

        "Guarantee" means, as applied to any obligation, (i) a guarantee (other
than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary
course of business), direct or indirect, in any manner, of any part or all of
such obligation and (ii) an agreement, direct or indirect, contingent or
otherwise, the practical effect of which is to assure in any way the payment or
performance (or payment of damages in the event of non-performance) of all or
any part of such obligation, including, without limiting the foregoing, the
payment of amounts drawn down by letters of credit.

        "Guarantors" means initially each Subsidiary of the Company which has
executed and delivered the Guarantee Agreement and such other Subsidiaries of
the Company which are required to enter into the Guarantee Agreement pursuant to
Section 5.18.

                                        9
<PAGE>

        "Guarantee Agreement" means the Subsidiaries Guaranty, dated as of
December 21, 2004, among the Guarantors and the Collateral Agent, as the same
may be modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, which initially is
substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto.

        "Holder" or "Noteholder" means a Person in whose name a Note is
registered in the Note Register.

        "IAI Global Note" means the Global Note substantially in the form of
Exhibit A hereto bearing the Global Note Legend and the Private Placement Legend
and deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the Depositary
or its nominee that shall be issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding
principal amount of the Notes held by Institutional Accredited Investors or
Individual Accredited Investors.

        "Indebtedness" means, as to any Person, without duplication, (i) all
indebtedness (including principal, interest, fees and charges) of such Person
for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services,
(ii) the maximum amount available to be drawn under all letters of credit,
bankers' acceptances and similar obligations issued for the account of such
Person and all unpaid drawings in respect of such letters of credit, bankers'
acceptances and similar obligations, (iii) all Indebtedness of the types
described in clause (i), (ii), (iv), (v), (vi) or (vii) of this definition
secured by any Lien on any property owned by such Person, whether or not such
Indebtedness has been assumed by such Person (provided that, if the Person has
not assumed or otherwise become liable in respect of such Indebtedness, such
Indebtedness shall be deemed to be in an amount equal to the fair market value
of the property to which such Lien relates as determined in good faith by such
Person), (iv) the aggregate amount of all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such
Person, (v) all obligations of such Person to pay a specified purchase price for
goods or services, whether or not delivered or accepted, i.e., take-or-pay and
similar obligations, (vi) all Contingent Obligations of such Person, (vii) all
obligations under any Interest Rate Protection Agreement, any Other Hedging
Agreement or under any similar type of agreement and (viii) all Off-Balance
Sheet Liabilities of such Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness
shall not include trade payables and accrued expenses incurred by any Person in
accordance with customary practices and in the ordinary course of business of
such Person. For purposes of Section 5.11 and Section 5.13 hereof and the
definition of "Events of Default," in determining the principal amount of any
Indebtedness to be incurred by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or which
is outstanding at any date, the principal amount of any Indebtedness which
provides that an amount less than the principal amount at maturity thereof shall
be due upon any declaration of acceleration thereof shall be the accreted value
thereof at the date of determination. Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a
Restricted Subsidiary shall be deemed incurred at the time that such a Person
becomes a Restricted Subsidiary. It is understood and agreed that surety bonds
obtained in the ordinary course of business (and the related reimbursement
obligations to the respective surety or sureties) for the benefit of (and which
support only obligations otherwise permitted hereunder of) the Company and the
Guarantors (other than RCN International) shall not be considered Indebtedness
for purposes of this definition, so long as such surety bonds do not otherwise
support any obligation that would constitute Indebtedness.

                                       10
<PAGE>

        "Indenture" means this instrument as originally executed (including all
exhibits and schedules hereto) and as it may from time to time be supplemented
or amended by one or more indentures supplemental hereto entered into pursuant
to the applicable provisions hereof.

        "Indenture Obligations" means the obligations of the Company under this
Indenture or under the Notes, to pay principal of, premium, if any, and interest
on the Notes when due and payable, whether at maturity, by acceleration, call
for redemption or repurchase or otherwise, and all other amounts (including
Liquidated Damages) due or to become due under or in connection with this
Indenture or the Notes and the performance of all other obligations owed to the
Trustee (including, but not limited to, payment of all amounts due the Trustee
under Section 8.6) and the Holders of the Notes under this Indenture and the
Notes, according to the terms thereof.

        "Independent Financial Advisor" means a United States investment
banking, consulting or accounting firm of national standing in the United States
(i) which does not, and whose directors, officers and employees or Affiliates do
not, have a material direct or indirect financial interest in the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates and (ii) which, in the judgment of the Board
of Directors, is otherwise independent and qualified to perform the task for
which it is to be engaged.

        "Indirect Participant" means a Person who holds a beneficial interest in
a Global Note through a Participant.

        "Individual Accredited Investor" means an individual "accredited
investor" as defined in Rule 501(a) (5) or (6) of Regulation D under the
Securities Act.

        "Institutional Accredited Investor" means an institution that is an
"accredited investor" as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7)
under the Securities Act.

        "Intercreditor Agreement" means that certain Intercreditor Agreement,
dated December 21, 2004, among the Company, the Guarantors, the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent and the First-Lien Collateral Agent, as
such agreement may from time to time be amended, modified or supplemented in
accordance with its terms, which initially is substantially in the form of
Exhibit J hereto.

        "interest," when used with respect to any Note, means the amount of all
interest accruing on such Note, including all additional interest payable on the
Notes pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement and all interest accruing
subsequent to the occurrence of any events specified in Sections 7.1(viii), (ix)
and (x) hereof or which would have accrued but for any such event, whether or
not such claims are allowable under applicable law.

        "Interest Payment Date" means, when used with respect to any Note, the
Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on such Note, as set forth in such
Note.

        "Interest Rate Obligations" means the obligations of any Person pursuant
to any arrangement with any other Person whereby, directly or indirectly, such
Person is entitled to receive from time to time periodic payments calculated by
applying either a floating or a fixed

                                       11
<PAGE>

rate of interest on a stated notional amount and shall include without
limitation, interest rate swaps, caps, floors, collars, forward interest rate
agreements and similar agreements.

        "Interest Rate Protection Agreement" means any interest rate swap
agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest collar agreement, interest rate
hedging agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement.

        "Investment" means, with respect to any Person, any advance, loan,
account receivable (other than an account receivable arising in the ordinary
course of business), or other extension of credit (including, without
limitation, by means of any guarantee) or any capital contribution to (by means
of transfers of property to others, payments for property or services for the
account or use of others, or otherwise), or any purchase or ownership of any
stocks, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities of, any other Person.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall any issuance of Capital Stock
(other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company in exchange for Capital Stock,
property or assets of another Person constitute an Investment by the Company in
such other Person.

        "Institutional Accredited Investor" means an institutional "accredited
investor" as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the
Securities Act or any entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited
investors within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (5), (6) or (7) under
the Securities Act.

        "Issue Date" means the date of original issuance of the Notes (being
December 21, 2004).

        "Junior Liens" means the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Company
and the Guarantors to the Collateral Agent to secure the payment and performance
of all or any Obligations, and all replacements, renewals and other
modifications of such Liens.

        "Laminar" means D.E. Shaw Laminar Lending 2, Inc. and its Affiliates
other than the Company and any of its Subsidiaries.

        "Lien" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien (statutory or other),
security interest, hypothecation, assignment for security, claim, or preference
or priority or other encumbrance upon or with respect to any property of any
kind. A Person shall be deemed to own subject to a Lien any property which such
Person has acquired or holds subject to the interest of a vendor or lessor under
any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other title retention
agreement.

        "Liquidated Damages" means all additional interest then owing pursuant
to Section 3 of the Registration Rights Agreement, Section 4(k) of the Note
Purchase Agreement and Section 15.2.

        "Material Adverse Effect" means (i) a material adverse effect on the
business, operations, property, assets, liabilities, condition (financial or
otherwise) or prospects of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as
a whole since December 31, 2003 (other than the commencement of the bankruptcy
cases filed prior to the Issue Date with respect to the Debtors-In-Possession)
or (ii) a material adverse effect (x) on the rights or remedies of the Holders
or the Trustee or Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Transaction
Document or (y) on the

                                       12
<PAGE>

ability of the Company or any Guarantor to perform its obligations to the
Noteholders or the Trustee or any Collateral Agent under any other Transaction
Documents.

        "Material Asset Sale" means any Asset Sale where the gross proceeds
received by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (taking the amount of
cash and Cash Equivalents received, the principal amount of Indebtedness
received and the fair market value of all other consideration) is in excess of
$5,000,000.

        "Maturity Date" means, with respect to any Note, the date specified in
such Note as the fixed date on which the principal of such Note is due and
payable.

        "Maximum First-Lien Credit Documents Principal Amount" shall have the
meaning given to it in the Intercreditor Agreement.

        "Megacable Entities" means, collectively, Megacable, S.A. de C.V.,
Megacable Telecommunications, S.A. de C.V. and MCM Holdings, S.A. de C.V.

        "Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

        "Mortgage" means a mortgage, leasehold mortgage, deed of trust,
leasehold deed of trust, deed to secure debt, leasehold deed to secure debt or
similar security instrument which shall be, prior the date of Discharge of
First-Lien Obligations, in substantially the same form delivered under the
First-Lien Credit Agreement, and, thereafter, in a form reasonably acceptable to
the Trustee.

        "Mortgage Policy" means a mortgage title insurance policy or a binding
commitment with respect thereto.

        "Mortgaged Property" means any Real Property owned or leased by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries which is encumbered (or required to be
encumbered) by a Mortgage.

        "Net Cash Proceeds" means, with respect to any Asset Sale, the proceeds
thereof in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents including payments in respect of
deferred payment obligations when received in the form of cash or Cash
Equivalents (except to the extent that such obligations are financed or sold
with recourse to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or any Restricted
Affiliate) net of (i) brokerage commissions and other fees and expenses
(including fees and expenses of legal counsel, accountants, consultants and
investment bankers) related to such Asset Sale, (ii) provisions for all taxes
payable as a result of such Asset Sale, (iii) amounts required to be paid to any
Person (other than the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or any Restricted
Affiliate) owning a beneficial interest in or having a Permitted Lien on the
assets subject to the Asset Sale and (iv) appropriate amounts to be provided by
the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or any Restricted Affiliate, as the
case may be, as a reserve required in accordance with GAAP against any
liabilities associated with such Asset Sale and retained by the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary or any Restricted Affiliate, as the case may be, after
such Asset Sale, including, without limitation, pension and other
post-employment benefit liabilities, liabilities related to environmental
matters and liabilities under any indemnification obligations associated with
such Asset Sale, all as reflected in an Officers' Certificate delivered to the
Trustee.

                                       13
<PAGE>

        "New Jersey Property" means the real property owned by RCN Telecom
Services, Inc., on the Issue Date and located at 65-75 River Road, Nutley, New
Jersey.

        "Non-U.S. Person" has the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation S.

        "Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Company that
is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Company.

        "Note" or "Notes" means any Note or Notes, as the case may be,
authenticated and delivered under this Indenture.

        "Noteholder" or "Holder" as applied to any Note, or other similar terms
(but excluding the term "beneficial holder"), means any Person in whose name at
the time a particular Note is registered on the Note Register.

        "Note Purchase Agreement" means that certain Note Purchase Agreement,
dated as of December 21, 2004, among the Company, the Guarantors and the parties
listed as purchasers on Schedule II attached thereto, as such agreement may be
amended from time to time.

        "Obligations" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in the Security
Agreement but shall in any event include the Indenture Obligations.

        "Officer" means, with respect to the Company, the Chairman of the Board
of Directors, a Vice Chairman, the President, a Vice President, the Secretary,
an Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer.

        "Officers' Certificate", when used with respect to the Company, shall
mean a certificate signed by one of the President, the Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer, Executive or Senior Vice President or any Vice
President and by the Treasurer or the Secretary, that is delivered to the
Trustee. Each such certificate shall include the statements provided for in
Section 16.5 if and to the extent required by the provisions of such Section.
Whenever this Indenture requires that an Officers' Certificate be signed by an
engineer or accountant or other expert, such engineer, accountant or other
expert shall be reasonably acceptable to the Trustee.

        "144A Global Note" means a permanent global note in registered form
representing the aggregate principal amount of Notes sold in reliance on Rule
144A under the Securities Act.

        "Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities" of any Person means (i) any repurchase
obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes
receivable sold by such Person, (ii) any liability of such Person under any sale
and leaseback transactions that do not create a liability on the balance sheet
of such Person, (iii) any obligation under a Synthetic Lease or (iv) any
obligation arising with respect to any other transaction which is the functional
equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not constitute a
liability on the balance sheet of such Person.

        "Opinion of Counsel" means an opinion in writing signed by legal
counsel, who may be an employee of or counsel to the Company and who shall be
reasonably acceptable to the

                                       14
<PAGE>

Trustee, which is delivered to the Trustee. Each such opinion shall include the
statements provided for in Section 16.5 if and to the extent required by the
provisions of such Section.

        "Other Hedging Agreements" means any foreign exchange contracts,
currency swap agreements, commodity agreements or other similar arrangements, or
arrangements designed to protect against fluctuations in currency values or
commodity prices.

        "Other Senior Debt Pro Rata Share" means the amount of the applicable
Excess Proceeds obtained by multiplying the amount of such Excess Proceeds by a
fraction, (i) the numerator of which is the aggregate accreted value and/or
principal amount, as the case may be, of all Indebtedness (other than (w) the
Notes, (x) the First-Lien Obligations, (y) Third-Lien Obligations and (z)
Subordinated Indebtedness) of the Company outstanding at the time of the
applicable Asset Sale with respect to which the Company is required to use
Excess Proceeds to repay or make an offer to purchase or repay and (ii) the
denominator of which is the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all
Notes outstanding at the time of the offer to purchase or repay with respect to
the applicable Asset Sale and (b) the aggregate principal amount or the
aggregate accreted value, as the case may be, of all other Indebtedness (other
than the First-Lien Obligations, the Third-Lien Obligations and Subordinated
Indebtedness) of the Company outstanding at the time of the applicable Asset
Sale Offer with respect to which the Company is required to use the applicable
Excess Proceeds to offer to repay or make an offer to purchase or repay.

        "Outstanding," when used with reference to Notes, shall, subject to the
provisions of Section 9.4, mean, as of any particular time, all Notes
authenticated and delivered by the Trustee under this Indenture, except:

                (a)     Notes theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or delivered
        to the Trustee for cancellation;

                (b)     Notes, or portions thereof, for the payment, or
        redemption of which monies in the necessary amount shall have been
        deposited in trust with the Trustee or with any Paying Agent (other than
        the Company) or shall have been set aside and segregated in trust by the
        Company (if the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent); provided
        that if such Notes are to be redeemed, as the case may be, prior to the
        maturity thereof, notice of such redemption shall have been given as
        provided in Section 3.2, or provision satisfactory to the Trustee shall
        have been made for giving such notice;

                (c)     Notes paid pursuant to Section 2.6 and Notes in lieu of
        which, or in substitution for which, other Notes shall have been
        authenticated and delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 2.6 unless
        proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that any such Notes are
        held by bona fide holders in due course;

                (d)     Notes converted into Common Stock pursuant to Article XV
        and Notes deemed not outstanding pursuant to Section 3.2; and

                (e)     Notes with respect to which the Company has effected
        defeasance or covenant defeasance as provided in Article XVII, to the
        extent provided in Sections 17.2

                                       15
<PAGE>

        and 17.3 except as otherwise provided in Article XVII with respect to
        the obligations of the Company under Section 5.10 or under Article XV.

        "Participant" means, with respect to the Depositary, a Person who has an
account with the Depositary.

        "Paying Agent" means any Person authorized by the Company to pay the
principal of or any premium or interest on any Notes authenticated and delivered
under this Indenture.

        "Permitted Acquisition" shall mean the acquisition by the Company or a
Domestic Restricted Subsidiary of the Company of (x) the assets constituting a
business, division or product line of any Person not already a Subsidiary of the
Company or (y) 100% of the Equity Interests of any such Person, which Person
shall, as a result of the respective Permitted Acquisition, become a Domestic
Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (or shall be merged with and into the
Company or a Domestic Restricted Subsidiary, with the Company or such Domestic
Restricted Subsidiary being the surviving Person).

        "Permitted Business" has the meaning given to it in Section 5.17.

        "Permitted Indebtedness" means the following Indebtedness (each of which
shall be given independent effect):

                (a)     Indebtedness under the Notes and this Indenture

                (b)     Indebtedness of the Company and/or any Restricted
        Subsidiary outstanding on the Issue Date and set forth on Schedule 5.11
        (which shall not include the Indebtedness under clause (h) below), as
        reduced by any permanent repayments of principal thereof), without
        giving effect to any subsequent extension, renewal or refinancing
        thereof;

                (c)     (i) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary owed to
        and held by the Company or a Domestic Restricted Subsidiary, (ii)
        Indebtedness of a Foreign Restricted Subsidiary owed to and held by
        another Foreign Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) Indebtedness of the
        Company, not secured by any Lien, owed to and held by any Domestic
        Restricted Subsidiary; provided that an incurrence of Indebtedness shall
        be deemed to have occurred upon (x) any sale or other disposition
        (excluding assignments as security to financial institutions) of any
        Indebtedness of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary referred to in
        this clause (c) to a Person (other than the Company or a Domestic
        Restricted Subsidiary) or (y) any sale or other disposition by the
        Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of Capital Stock of a Restricted
        Subsidiary, or Designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, which holds
        Indebtedness of the Company or Restricted Subsidiary such that such
        Restricted Subsidiary, in any such case, ceases to be a Domestic
        Restricted Subsidiary;

                (d)     Interest Rate Obligations of the Company and/or any
        Restricted Subsidiary relating to Indebtedness of the Company and/or
        such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be so long as the entering
        into of such Interest Rate Obligations are bona fide hedging activities
        and are not for speculative purposes;

                                       16
<PAGE>

                (e)     Indebtedness of the Company and/or any Restricted
        Subsidiary in respect of performance bonds of the Company or any
        Restricted Subsidiary or surety bonds provided by the Company or any
        Restricted Subsidiary incurred in the ordinary course of business;

                (f)     Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted
        Subsidiaries evidenced by Capitalized Lease Obligations and purchase
        money Indebtedness described in clause (vii) of the definition of
        Permitted Liens, provided that in no event shall the sum of the
        aggregate principal amount of all Capitalized Lease Obligations and
        purchase money Indebtedness permitted by this clause (f) exceed
        $20,000,000 at any time outstanding;

                (g)     Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company
        acquired pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition (or Indebtedness assumed at
        the time of a Permitted Acquisition of an asset securing such
        Indebtedness), provided that (x) such Indebtedness was not incurred in
        connection with, or in anticipation or contemplation of, such Permitted
        Acquisition, (y) such Indebtedness does not constitute debt for borrowed
        money, it being understood and agreed that Capitalized Lease Obligations
        and purchase money Indebtedness shall not constitute debt for borrowed
        money for purposes of this clause (g) and (z) the aggregate principal
        amount of all Indebtedness permitted by this clause (g) shall not exceed
        $12,500,000 at any one time outstanding;

                (h)     Indebtedness of the Company (which Indebtedness may in
        no event be guaranteed by, or secured by the assets of, any Subsidiary
        of the Company) under the Third-Lien Credit Agreement the other
        Third-Lien Credit Documents in an aggregate original principal amount
        not to exceed $38,500,000 plus any increase in the principal amount
        thereof resulting from the payment-in-kind or capitalization, of
        interest accruing thereon after the Issue Date as contemplated by the
        terms thereof;

                (i)     Indebtedness of the Company and/or any Restricted
        Subsidiary to the extent it represents a replacement, renewal,
        refinancing or extension (a "Refinancing") of outstanding Indebtedness
        of the Company and/or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred or outstanding
        pursuant to clause (a), or (b), of this definition or the proviso of
        Section 5.11 hereof, provided that (1) Indebtedness of the Company may
        not be Refinanced to such extent under this clause (i) with Indebtedness
        of any Restricted Subsidiary, and (2) any such Refinancing shall only be
        permitted under this clause (i) to the extent that (x) it does not
        result in a lower Average Life to Stated Maturity of such Indebtedness
        as compared with the Indebtedness being Refinanced and (y) it does not
        exceed the sum of the principal amount (or, if such Indebtedness
        provides for a lesser amount to be due and payable upon a declaration of
        acceleration thereof, an amount no greater than such lesser amount) of
        the Indebtedness being Refinanced plus the amount of accrued interest
        thereon and the amount of any reasonably determined prepayment premium
        necessary to accomplish such Refinancing and such reasonable fees and
        expenses incurred in connection therewith;

                (j)     Indebtedness of the Company and/or any Restricted
        Subsidiary incurred under the First-Lien Credit Agreement, and any
        Refinancings of the foregoing, such that the aggregate principal amount
        of such Indebtedness of the Company and the Restricted

                                       17
<PAGE>

        Subsidiaries does not exceed, at the time of the incurrence of such
        Indebtedness, the Maximum First-Lien Credit Documents Principal Amount
        then in effect; and

                (k)     guarantees by the Company of Indebtedness or operating
        lease payment obligations of any Wholly Owned Domestic Restricted
        Subsidiary Guarantor and by any Wholly Owned Domestic Restricted
        Subsidiary Guarantor of Indebtedness or operating lease payment
        obligations of any other Wholly Owned Domestic Restricted Subsidiary
        Guarantor, in each case so long as the respective underlying guaranteed
        Indebtedness or operating lease payment obligations are otherwise
        permitted in accordance with the relevant terms of this Agreement (other
        than this clause (k)); and

                (l)     in addition to the items referred to in clauses (a)
        through (k) above, Indebtedness of the Company and/or the Restricted
        Subsidiaries having an aggregate principal amount not to exceed
        $12,500,000 at any time outstanding.

        "Permitted Investments" means Investments consisting of:

                (i)     accounts receivables owing to the Company or any
        Restricted Subsidiary, if created or acquired in the ordinary course of
        business and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary trade
        terms of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary;

                (ii)    cash and Cash Equivalents;

                (iii)   Investments held by the Company or any Restricted
        Subsidiary on the Issue Date and described on Schedule 1.01B, provided
        that any additional Investments made with respect thereto shall
        constitute Permitted Investments only if permitted under the other
        provisions of this definition;

                (iv)    Investments acquired by the Company or any Restricted
        Subsidiary (including debt obligations) received in connection with the
        bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers and in good
        faith settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with,
        customers and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business;

                (v)     loans and advances by the Company or any Restricted
        Subsidiary to their officers and employees for moving, relocation and
        travel expenses and other similar expenditures, in each case in the
        ordinary course of business in an aggregate amount not to exceed
        $5,500,000 at any time (determined without regard to any write-downs or
        write-offs of such loans and advances);

                (vi)    Interest Rate Obligations of counterparties under
        agreements permitted under clause (d) of the definition of "Permitted
        Indebtedness";

                (vii)   intercompany loans and advances between and among the
        Company and the Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries (collectively,
        "Intercompany Loans"), provided that promissory notes evidencing such
        Intercompany Loans shall be pledged to the Collateral Agent pursuant to,
        and to the extent required by, the Pledge Agreement but subject to the
        Intercreditor Agreement;

                                       18
<PAGE>

                (viii)  Permitted Acquisitions and the Starpower Acquisition;

                (ix)    Investments by the Company and its Restricted
        Subsidiaries in Capital Stock of Subsidiaries that are Domestic
        Restricted Subsidiaries both before and after such investments; provided
        that any such Capital Stock held by the Company or a Guarantor shall be
        pledged pursuant to the Pledge Agreement;

                (x)     loans by the Company to the Employee Stock Ownership
        Plan of the Company, 100% of the gross proceeds of which (without
        reduction for costs, fees and expenses or other items) are immediately
        thereafter utilized by such Employee Stock Ownership Plan to purchase
        from the Company not more than 300,000 shares of the Company's common
        stock (such number of shares to be adjusted to reflect stock splits,
        stock dividends, stock combinations and similar events); and

                (xi)    Investments by the Company and its Subsidiaries
        consisting of corporate bonds that the Company or such Subsidiary holds
        on the Issue Date; provided that such bonds are sold on or prior to
        March 31, 2005.

        "Permitted Encumbrance" shall mean, with respect to any Mortgaged
Property, such exceptions to title as are set forth in the Mortgage Policy
delivered with respect thereto, which exceptions prior to the date of Discharge
of First-Lien Obligations must be acceptable to the Administrative Agent under
the First-Lien Credit Agreement in its reasonable discretion.

        "Permitted Liens" means:

                (i)     inchoate Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental
        charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments or
        governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith and by
        appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been
        established in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

                (ii)    Liens in respect of property or assets of the Company or
        any of its Restricted Subsidiaries imposed by law, which were incurred
        in the ordinary course of business and do not secure Indebtedness for
        borrowed money, such as carriers', warehousemen's, materialmen's and
        mechanics' liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course
        of business, and (x) which do not in the aggregate materially detract
        from the value of the Company's or such Restricted Subsidiary's property
        or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the
        business of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary or (y) which are
        being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which
        proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the
        property or assets subject to any such Lien;

                (iii)   Liens in existence on the Issue Date which are listed,
        and the property subject thereto described, in Schedule 1.01A, but only
        to the respective date, if any, set forth in such Schedule 1.01A for the
        removal, replacement and termination of any such Liens, plus renewals,
        replacements and extensions of such Liens to the extent set forth on
        such Schedule 1.01A, provided that (x) the aggregate principal amount of
        the Indebtedness, if any, secured by such Liens does not increase from
        that amount outstanding at the time of any such renewal, replacement or
        extension and (y) any such

                                       19
<PAGE>

        renewal, replacement or extension does not encumber any additional
        assets or properties of the Company or any of its Restricted
        Subsidiaries;

                (iv)    Liens created by or pursuant to (x) the First-Lien
        Credit Documents, (y) the Second-Lien Note Documents and (z) the
        Third-Lien Credit Documents, so long as the Liens created pursuant to
        the Third-Lien Credit Documents are limited to assets constituting
        Collateral of the Company and are at all times subordinated to the Liens
        pursuant to the Security Documents on the terms provided in the
        Intercreditor Agreement;

                (v)     licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted to
        other Persons not materially interfering with the conduct of the
        business of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;

                (vi)    Liens upon assets of the Company or any of its
        Restricted Subsidiaries subject to Capitalized Lease Obligations to the
        extent such Capitalized Lease Obligations are permitted by clause (f) of
        the definition of "Permitted Indebtedness", provided that (x) such Liens
        only serve to secure the payment of Indebtedness arising under such
        Capitalized Lease Obligation and (y) the Lien encumbering the asset
        giving rise to the Capitalized Lease Obligation does not encumber any
        asset of the Company or any other asset of the Company or any Restricted
        Subsidiary of the Company;

                (vii)   Liens placed upon equipment or machinery acquired after
        the Issue Date and used in the ordinary course of business of the
        Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and placed at the time of
        the acquisition thereof by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary or
        within 180 days thereafter to secure Indebtedness incurred to pay all or
        a portion of the purchase price thereof or to secure Indebtedness
        incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of any such
        equipment or machinery or extensions, renewals or replacements of any of
        the foregoing for the same or a lesser amount, provided that (x) the
        Indebtedness secured by such Liens is permitted by clause (f) of the
        definition of "Permitted Indebtedness" and (y) in all events, the Lien
        encumbering the equipment or machinery so acquired does not encumber any
        other asset of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary;

                (viii)  easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments
        and other similar charges or encumbrances, and minor title deficiencies,
        in each case not securing Indebtedness and not materially interfering
        with the conduct of the business of the Company or any of its Restricted
        Subsidiaries;

                (ix)    Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code
        financing statement filings regarding operating leases entered into in
        the ordinary course of business;

                (x)     Liens arising out of the existence of judgments or
        awards in respect of which the Company or any of its Restricted
        Subsidiaries shall in good faith be prosecuting an appeal or proceedings
        for review and in respect of which there shall have been secured a
        subsisting stay of execution pending such appeal or proceedings,
        provided

                                       20
<PAGE>

        that the aggregate amount of all cash (including the stated amount of
        all letters of credit) and the fair market value of all other property
        subject to such Liens does not exceed $5,500,000 at any time
        outstanding;

                (xi)    statutory and common law landlords' liens under leases
        to which the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is a party;

                (xii)   Liens (other than Liens imposed under ERISA), including
        deposits, incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with
        workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance and social security
        benefits and Liens securing the performance of bids, tenders, leases and
        contracts in the ordinary course of business, statutory obligations,
        surety bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature
        incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
        practice (exclusive of obligations in respect of the payment for
        borrowed money), provided that the aggregate amount of all cash and the
        fair market value of all other property subject to all Liens permitted
        by this clause (xii) shall not at any time exceed $6,000,000;

                (xiii)  Permitted Encumbrances;

                (xiv)   Liens on property or assets acquired pursuant to a
        Permitted Acquisition, or on property or assets of a Restricted
        Subsidiary of the Company in existence at the time such Restricted
        Subsidiary is acquired pursuant to such an acquisition, provided that
        (x) any Indebtedness that is secured by such Liens is permitted to exist
        under clause (g) of the definition of "Permitted Indebtedness", and (y)
        such Liens are not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation or
        anticipation of, such acquisition and do not attach to any asset of the
        Company or any other asset of the Company or any of its Restricted
        Subsidiaries;

                (xv)    restrictions on the transfer or pledge of assets
        contained in any FCC License or imposed by the Communications Act,
        comparable state or local legislation, regulations or ordinances or the
        terms of cable TV franchises;

                (xvi)   Liens consisting of customary options, calls, puts or
        restrictions on transfer relating to Equity Interests of Non-Wholly
        Owned Subsidiaries and arising under joint venture arrangements with
        other holders (other than the Company and its Affiliates) of such Equity
        Interests; and

                (xvii)  other Liens, so long as neither the aggregate fair
        market value of all assets subject thereto, nor the aggregate amount of
        Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby, exceeds $7,500,000.

        "Person" shall mean an individual, a corporation, a limited liability
company, an association, a partnership, a joint venture, a joint stock company,
a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or an agency or a
political subdivision thereof.

        "Plan of Reorganization" means the chapter 11 plan of reorganization
relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries subject thereto, dated August 20,
2004, including the exhibits and

                                       21
<PAGE>

schedules thereto, as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from
time to time in accordance with the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and the
terms thereof and hereof.

        "Pledge Agreement" means that certain Pledge Agreement, dated as of
December 21, 2004, among the Company, the Guarantors and the Collateral Agent,
granting, among other things, a second priority Lien on the Collateral described
therein in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Trustee and
Noteholders, as amended, modified, restated, supplemented or replaced from time
to time, which initially is substantially in the form of Exhibit I.

        "Preferred Stock" means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares,
interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of such
Person's preferred or preference stock whether now outstanding, or issued after
the Issue Date, and including, without limitation, all classes and series of
preferred or preference stock of such Person.

        "Predecessor Note" of any particular Note shall mean every previous Note
evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such
particular Note; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Note
authenticated and delivered under Section 2.6 in lieu of a lost, destroyed or
stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the lost, destroyed or
stolen Note that it replaces.

        "Private Placement Legend" shall mean the legend set forth in Section
2.5(h)(i) to be placed on all Notes issued under this Indenture except where
otherwise permitted by the provisions of this Indenture.

        "Pro Forma Basis" shall mean, in connection with any calculation of
compliance with any financial covenant or financial term, the calculation
thereof after giving effect on a pro forma basis to (x) the incurrence of any
Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness, except to the extent same is
incurred to refinance other outstanding Indebtedness or to finance a Permitted
Acquisition) after the first day of the relevant Calculation Period as if such
Indebtedness had been incurred (and the proceeds thereof applied) on the first
day of the relevant Calculation Period, (y) the permanent repayment of any
Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness except to the extent accompanied
by a corresponding permanent commitment reduction) after the first day of the
relevant Calculation Period as if such Indebtedness had been retired or redeemed
on the first day of the relevant Calculation Period and/or (z) the Permitted
Acquisition, if any, then being consummated as well as any other Permitted
Acquisition or Material Asset Sale consummated after the first day of the
relevant Calculation Period and on or prior to the date of the respective
Permitted Acquisition then being effected, as the case may be, with the
following rules to apply in connection therewith:

                        (i)     all Indebtedness (x) (other than revolving
        Indebtedness, except to the extent same is incurred to refinance other
        outstanding Indebtedness or to finance a Permitted Acquisition) incurred
        or issued after the first day of the relevant Calculation Period
        (whether incurred to finance a Permitted Acquisition, to refinance
        Indebtedness or otherwise) shall be deemed to have been incurred or
        issued (and the proceeds thereof applied) on the first day of the
        respective Calculation Period and remain outstanding through the date of
        determination and (y) (other than revolving Indebtedness except to the
        extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent commitment reduction)

                                       22
<PAGE>

        permanently retired or redeemed after the first day of the relevant
        Calculation Period shall be deemed to have been retired or redeemed on
        the first day of the respective Calculation Period and remain retired
        through the date of determination;

                        (ii)    all Indebtedness assumed to be outstanding
        pursuant to preceding clause (i) shall be deemed to have borne interest
        at (x) the rate applicable thereto, in the case of fixed rate
        indebtedness, or (y) at the rate which would have been applicable
        thereto on the last day of the respective Calculation Period, in the
        case of floating rate Indebtedness (although interest expense with
        respect to any Indebtedness for periods while same was actually
        outstanding during the respective period shall be calculated using the
        actual rates applicable thereto while same was actually outstanding);
        and

                        (iii)   in making any determination of Consolidated
        EBITDA, pro forma effect shall be given to any Permitted Acquisition or
        Material Asset Sale consummated during the periods described above, with
        such Consolidated EBITDA to be determined as if such Permitted
        Acquisition or Material Asset Sale was consummated on the first day of
        the relevant Calculation Period, taking into account, for any portion of
        the relevant period being tested occurring prior to the consummation of
        any Permitted Acquisition or Material Asset Sale, demonstrable cost
        savings actually achieved simultaneously with, or to be achieved within
        a 1-year period following, the closing of the respective Permitted
        Acquisition or Material Asset Sales, which cost savings would be
        permitted to be recognized in pro forma financial statements prepared in
        accordance with Regulation S-X under the Securities Act, as if such
        cost-savings were realized on the first day of the relevant period.

        "QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" as defined in Rule 144A.

        "RCN International" means mean RCN International Holdings, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.

        "Redemption Date" means, with respect to any Note to be redeemed, the
date fixed by the Company for such redemption pursuant to this Indenture and the
Notes.

        "Redemption Price" means, with respect to any Note to be redeemed, the
price fixed for such redemption pursuant to the terms of this Indenture and the
Notes.

        "Refinancing" has the meaning set forth in clause (f) of the definition
of "Permitted Indebtedness."

        "Registrable Securities" has the meaning specified in the Registration
Rights Agreement.

        "Regular Record Date" means the Regular Record Date specified in the
Notes.

        "Registration Rights Agreement" means that certain Registration Rights
Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004, among the Company and the Purchasers
as defined therein, as such agreement may be amended from time to time, which
agreement is initially in the form attached as to the Note Purchase Agreement as
Exhibit A.

                                       23
<PAGE>

        "Responsible Officer" means, when used with respect to the Trustee, the
Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the executive committee of the Trustee's board of
directors, President, Vice President, Managing Director, Assistant Vice
President, Secretary, Assistant Secretary or Assistant Treasurer or any other
officer of the Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those
performed by any of the above designated officers and also, with respect to a
particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to whom such matter is
referred because of such officer's knowledge and familiarity with the particular
subject.

        "Restricted Definitive Note" means a Definitive Note bearing the Private
Placement Legend.

        "Restricted Global Note" means a permanent Global Note substantially in
the form of Exhibit A attached hereto that bears the Global Note Legend and that
has the "Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note" attached
thereto, and that is deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name
of the Depositary, representing a series of Notes that bear the Private
Placement Legend.

        "Restricted Payment" means any of the following: (i) the declaration or
payment of any dividend or any other distribution on Capital Stock of the
Company or any payment made to the direct or indirect holders (in their
capacities as such) of Capital Stock of the Company other than dividends or
distributions payable solely in Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of
the Company or in options, warrants or other rights to purchase Capital Stock
(other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company; (ii) the purchase, redemption or
other acquisition or retirement for value of any Capital Stock of the Company
(other than any such Capital Stock owned by the Company or a Wholly Owned
Restricted Subsidiary); (iii) the purchase, redemption, defeasance or other
acquisition or retirement for value prior to any scheduled repayment, sinking
fund or maturity of any Third-Lien Obligation or Subordinated Indebtedness
(other than any Subordinated Indebtedness held by the Company or a Wholly Owned
Restricted Subsidiary); or (iv) the making by the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary of any Investment (other than a Permitted Investment) in any Person.

        "Restricted Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Company that has not
been designated by the Board of Directors, by a Board Resolution delivered to
the Trustee, as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to and in compliance with
Section 5.21 hereof. Any such designation may be revoked by a Board Resolution
delivered to the Trustee, subject to the provisions of Section 5.21.

        "Restricted Subsidiary Indebtedness" means Indebtedness of any
Restricted Subsidiary (i) which is not subordinated to any other Indebtedness of
such Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) in respect of which the Company is not also
obligated (by means of a guarantee or otherwise) other than, in the case of this
clause (ii), Indebtedness under the First-Lien Credit Agreement.

        "Rule 144" means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act.

        "Rule 144A" means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act.

        "S&P" means Standard & Poor's Corporation.

                                       24
<PAGE>

        "Second Priority Lien" means the Junior Liens and Liens that secure
obligations under any other agreements evidencing indebtedness secured by a
second priority Lien on any assets or properties of the Company.

        "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

        "Security Agreement" means that certain Security Agreement, dated as of
December 21, 2004, among the Company, the Guarantors and the Collateral Agent,
granting, among other things, a second priority Lien on the Collateral described
therein in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Trustee and
Noteholders, as amended, modified, restated, supplemented or replaced from time
to time, which initially is substantially in the form of Exhibit G.

        "Security Documents" means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the
Pledge Agreement, the Mortgages, the Intercreditor Agreement and all other
security agreements, pledges, collateral assignments or other instruments
evidencing or creating any Security Interests in favor of the Collateral Agent,
for the benefit of the Trustee and the Noteholders, in all or any portion of the
Collateral, in each case, as amended, modified, restated, supplemented or
replaced from time to time. The Guarantee Agreement is not a Security Document.

        "Security Interests" means the Liens on the Collateral created by the
Security Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Trustee and the Noteholders.

        "Senior Liens" means the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Company
or the Guarantors to secure the payment of any First-Lien Obligations, and all
replacements, renewals and other modifications of such Liens.

        "Shelf Registration Statement" means the Shelf Registration Statement
contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement.

        "Significant Restricted Subsidiary" means any Restricted Subsidiary (or
group of Restricted Subsidiaries) that would constitute a Significant
Subsidiary, as defined under Regulation S-X (or any successor regulation) under
the Securities Act, but substituting therein 5% for each reference to 10%.

        "Special Change of Control" means a Change of Control pursuant to which
75.00% or more of the consideration for the Company's Common Stock payable in
the event constituting the Change of Control consists of cash, Cash Equivalents
or property or securities that are not listed on a national securities exchange
or quoted on a national inter-dealer quotation system.

        "Special Default" means (a) a Default under Section 7.1(a), (b) or, to
the extent constituting a failure to make a payment in a Change of Control Offer
or an Asset Sale Offer when due, 7.1(c) or (b) any other Event of Default.

        "Starpower" means Starpower Communications, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company.

                                       25
<PAGE>

        "Starpower Acquisition" means the acquisition by the Company of the 50%
of the Equity Interests in Starpower not owned by the Company for aggregate
consideration not exceeding $32,000,000.

        "Starpower Group" means Starpower and its Subsidiaries.

        "Stated Maturity" means, with respect to any Note or any installment of
interest thereon, the dates specified in such Note as the fixed date on which
the principal of such Note or such installment of interest is due and payable
and, when used with respect to any other Indebtedness, means the date specified
in the instrument governing such Indebtedness as the fixed date on which the
principal of such Indebtedness, or any installment of interest, is due and
payable.

        "Subordinated Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness of the Company or any
Guarantor which is expressly subordinated in right of payment to any other
Indebtedness of the Company or such Guarantor.

        "Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, (i) any corporation of
which the outstanding Capital Stock having at least a majority of the votes
entitled to be cast in the election of directors shall at the time be owned,
directly or indirectly, by such Person, or (ii) any other Person of which at
least a majority of voting interest is at the time, directly or indirectly,
owned by such Person. For the purposes of this definition, "voting stock" means
stock which ordinarily has voting power for the election of directors, whether
at all times or only so long as no senior class of stock has such voting power
by reason of any contingency.

        "Synthetic Lease" means a lease transaction under which the parties
intend that (i) the lease will be treated as an "operating lease" by the lessee
and (ii) the lessee will be entitled to various tax and other benefits
ordinarily available to owners (as opposed to lessees) of like property.

        "Test Period" means (i) for the period ended March 31, 2005, the fiscal
quarter of the Company then ended, (ii) for the period ended June 30, 2005, the
two consecutive fiscal quarters (taken as one accounting period) of the Company
then ended, (iii) for the period ended September 30, 2005, the three consecutive
fiscal quarters (taken as one accounting period) of the Company then ended and
(iv) thereafter, each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company
then last ended (in each case taken as one accounting period).

        "Third-Lien Administrative Agent" means HSBC Bank USA, National
Association, in its capacity as agent for the secured creditors under the
Third-Lien Credit Documents.

        "Third-Lien Collateral Agent" means HSBC Bank USA, National Association,
in its capacity as collateral agent for the secured creditors under the
Third-Lien Credit Documents.

        "Third-Lien Credit Agreement" means the Credit Agreement, dated as of
December 21, 2004 among the Company, the lenders party thereto, and HSBC Bank
USA, National Association, as agent and collateral agent, as the same may be
amended, modified, and (or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the
terms hereof and thereof.

                                       26
<PAGE>

        "Third-Lien Credit Documents" means the Third-Lien Credit Agreement, and
the related guarantees, pledge agreements, security agreements, mortgages, notes
and other agreements and instruments entered into in connection with the
Third-Lien Credit Agreement, in each case as the same may be amended, modified
and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and
thereof; provided no Liens thereunder shall be granted by any Person other than
the Company.

        "Third-Lien Obligations" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        "Transaction" means, collectively, (i) the consummation of the Plan of
Reorganization, (ii) the entering into of the First-Lien Credit Documents and
the occurrence of the borrowings under the First-Lien Credit Agreement on the
initial borrowing date thereunder, (iii) the entering into of the Second-Lien
Note Documents and the issuance of all Second-Lien Notes thereunder on the date
of initial borrowing under the First-Lien Credit Agreement Date, (iv) the
entering into of the Third-Lien Credit Documents and (v) the payment of all fees
and expenses in connection with the foregoing.

        "Transaction Documents" means the Note Purchase Agreement, the Guarantee
Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Notes, this Indenture, the
Security Documents and each of the other agreements entered into by the parties
thereto in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Note Purchase
Agreement.

        "Trust Indenture Act" means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended
from time to time.

        "Trustee" means HSBC Bank USA, National Association, and its successors
and any Person resulting from or surviving any consolidation or merger to which
it or its successors may be a party and any successor trustee at the time
serving as successor trustee hereunder.

        "Unrestricted Global Note" means a permanent Global Note substantially
in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto that bears the Global Note Legend and
that has the "Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note" attached
thereto, and that is deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name
of the Depositary, representing a series of Notes that do not bear and are not
required to bear the Private Placement Legend.

        "Unrestricted Definitive Note" means one or more Definitive Notes that
do not bear and are not required to bear the Private Placement Legend.

        "Unrestricted Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Company designated
as such pursuant to and in compliance with Section 5.21 hereof. Any such
designation may be revoked by a Board Resolution delivered to the Trustee,
subject to the provisions of such Section 5.21.

        "U.S. Government Securities" means securities that are direct
non-callable obligations of the United States of America or securities the
timely payment of whose principal and interest is unconditionally guaranteed by
the full faith and credit of the United States of America.

                                       27
<PAGE>

        "Voting Stock" means, with respect to any Person, the Capital Stock of
any class or kind ordinarily having the power to vote for the election of
directors or other members of the governing body of such Person.

        "Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary" means any Restricted Subsidiary of
which all of the outstanding Capital Stock is owned by the Company or another
Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary. For the purposes of this definition, any
directors' qualifying shares or investments by foreign nationals mandated by
applicable law shall be disregarded in determining the ownership of a Restricted
Subsidiary.

        "Wholly Owned Subsidiary" means, as to any Person, (i) any corporation
100% of whose capital stock is at the time owned by such Person and/or one or
more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person and (ii) any partnership,
association, joint venture or other entity in which such Person and/or one or
more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person has a 100% equity interest at such
time.

        "Wholly Owned Domestic Restricted Subsidiary" means, as to any Person,
any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of such Person which is a Restricted Subsidiary and
is incorporated or organized in the United States or any State thereof.

        "Wholly Owned Domestic Restricted Subsidiary Guarantor" means any Wholly
Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Company, which is also a Guarantor.

        Section 1.2.    Other Definitions

Term                                                         Defined in Section
- --------------------------------                             ------------------
"Act"                                                        1.4
"Additional Securities"                                      15.6(d)
"Additional Security Documents"                              5.18(d)
"Affiliate Transaction"                                      5.14
"Agent Members"                                              2.2(b)
"Asset Sale Offer"                                           5.15
"Asset Sale Offer Purchase Date"                             5.15
"assumed liabilities"                                        5.15
"Authentication Order"                                       2.1
"Change of Control Date"                                     5.10
"Change of Control Offer"                                    5.10
"Change of Control Payment Date"                             5.10
"Closing Price"                                              15.6(f)(1)
"Company Notice"                                             16.2(a)
"Continuing Director"                                        16.3(c)
"Conversion Date"                                            15.2
"Conversion Notice"                                          15.2
"Conversion Price"                                           15.5
"covenant defeasance"                                        17.3
"Current Market Price"                                       15.6(f)(2)

                                       28
<PAGE>

Term                                                         Defined in Section
- --------------------------------                             ------------------
"Default Interest"                                           2.3
"defeasance"                                                 17.2
"Defeased Notes"                                             17.1
"Designation"                                                5.21
"Excess Proceeds"                                            5.15
"fair market value"                                          15.6(f)(3)
"Guaranteed Obligations"                                     18.1
"incur"                                                      5.11
"insolvent person"                                           17.4
"Interest Payment Date"                                      2.3
"non-electing share"                                         15.7
"Note Register"                                              2.5(a)
"Note Registrar"                                             2.5(a)
"Offer Excess Proceeds"                                      5.15
"Paying Agent"                                               5.2
"Proceeding"                                                 4.3(a)
"record date"                                                2.3
"Record Date"                                                15.6(f)(4)
"Reference Period"                                           15.6(d)
"Replacement Assets"                                         5.15
"Revocation"                                                 5.21
"Restricted Securities"                                      2.5(h)(i)
"Senior Indebtedness"                                        4.1
"Starpower Acquisition"                                      15.6(e)
"Statutory Exchange"                                         15.7
"Trading Day"                                                15.6(f)(5)
"Trigger Event"                                              15.6(d)
 "Designation Amount"                                        5.21
"Vice President"                                             2.1

        Section 1.3.    Rules of Construction

        All other terms used in this Indenture, which are defined in the Trust
Indenture Act or which are by reference therein defined in the Securities Act
(except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise
requires) shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Trust Indenture
Act and in the Securities Act as in force at the date of the execution of this
Indenture. The words "herein," "hereof," "hereunder," and words of similar
import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article,
Section or other subdivision. The terms defined in this Article I include the
plural as well as the singular.

        Section 1.4.    Acts of Holders.

        (a)     Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent,
waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by
Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of
substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in

                                       29
<PAGE>

Person or by an agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise
expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or
instruments are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly
required, to the Company. Such instrument or instruments (and the action
embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the
"Act" of the Holders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution
of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be
sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 8.1 hereof)
conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Company, if made in the manner
provided in this Section.

        (b)     The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such
instrument or writing may be proved in any reasonable manner which the Trustee
deems sufficient.

        (c)     The ownership of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register.

        (d)     Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent,
waiver or other action by the Holder of any Note shall bind every future Holder
of the same Note or the Holder of every Note issued upon the transfer thereof or
in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof to the same extent as the original
Holder, in respect of anything done, suffered or omitted to be done by the
Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Company in reliance thereon, whether or not
notation of such action is made upon such Note.

                                   ARTICLE II.

        ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATION AND EXCHANGE OF NOTES

        Section 2.1.    Designation, Amount and Issue of Notes

        The Notes shall be designated as "7.375% Convertible Second Lien Notes
due 2012." Notes not to exceed the aggregate principal amount of One Hundred
Twenty-Five Million United States Dollars ($125,000,000) upon the execution of
this Indenture, or (except pursuant to Sections 2.5, 2.6, 3.3 and 15.2) from
time to time thereafter, may be executed by the Company and delivered to the
Trustee for authentication, and the Trustee shall thereupon authenticate and
deliver said Notes upon the written order of the Company (the "Authentication
Order"), signed by the Company's (a) President, Chief Executive Officer,
Executive or Senior Vice President or any Vice President (whether or not
designated by a number or numbers or word or words added before or after the
title, a "Vice President") and (b) Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer or
Assistant Treasurer or its Secretary or any Assistant Secretary and delivered to
the Trustee, without any further action by the Company hereunder.

        Section 2.2.    Form of Notes

                (a)     Notes issued in global form shall be substantially in
        the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (including the Global Note Legend
        thereon and the "Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note"
        attached thereto), which is incorporated in and made a part of this
        Indenture. Notes issued in definitive form shall be substantially in the
        form of Exhibit A attached hereto (but without the Global Note Legend
        thereon and without the "Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the
        Global Note" attached thereto). Each Global Note shall represent such of
        the outstanding Notes as shall be specified

                                       30
<PAGE>

        therein and each shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate
        principal amount of Outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon
        and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented
        thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as appropriate,
        to reflect purchases, conversions and redemptions. Any endorsement of a
        Global Note to reflect the amount of any decrease or increase in the
        aggregate principal amount of Outstanding Notes represented thereby
        shall be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the
        Trustee, in accordance with instructions given by the Holder thereof as
        required by Section 2.5.

                The Trustee's certificate of authentication to be borne by such
        Notes shall be substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A.

                Any of the Notes may have such letters, numbers or other marks
        of identification and such notations, legends and endorsements as the
        officers executing the same may approve (execution thereof to be
        conclusive evidence of such approval) and as are not inconsistent with
        the provisions of this Indenture, or as may be required to comply with
        any law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any
        rule or regulation of any securities exchange or automated quotation
        system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, or
        to conform to usage.

                The terms and provisions contained in the form of Note attached
        as Exhibit A hereto shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a
        part of this Indenture and to the extent applicable, the Company and the
        Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly
        agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby.

                (b)     Members of, or Participants in, the Depositary ("Agent
        Members") shall have no rights under this Indenture with respect to any
        Global Note held on their behalf by the Depositary or under any Global
        Note, and the Depositary (including, for this purpose, its nominee)
        shall be treated by the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the
        Company or the Trustee as the absolute owner and Holder of such Global
        Note for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
        herein shall (i) prevent the Company, the Trustee or any agent of the
        Company or the Trustee from giving effect to any written certification,
        proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or (ii) impair,
        as between the Depositary and its Agent Members, the operation of
        customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a Holder of
        any Note.

        Section 2.3.    Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest

        The Notes shall be issuable in registered form without coupons in
denominations of One Thousand United States Dollars ($1,000) principal amount
and integral multiples thereof. Every Note shall be dated the date of its
authentication, and shall bear interest on the principal sum outstanding from
time to time under the Note, at the rate per annum specified in the title of the
form of Note attached as Exhibit A hereto, accrued from the date of issuance of
the Note and payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year (each,
an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing July 15, 2005, as specified on the face
of the form of Note attached as Exhibit A hereto.

                                       31
<PAGE>

        Interest on the Notes shall be deemed to have commenced accruing on the
Issue Date.

        The Person in whose name any Note, or portion thereof (or its
Predecessor Note) is registered at the close of business on any record date with
respect to any Interest Payment Date (including any Note that is converted after
the record date and on or before the Interest Payment Date) shall be entitled to
receive the interest payable on such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding the
cancellation of such Note upon any transfer, exchange or conversion subsequent
to the record date and on or prior to such Interest Payment Date; provided that,
in the case of any Note, or portion thereof, called for redemption or converted
pursuant to Article III or Article XV on a redemption date or conversion date,
as applicable, during the period from the close of business on the record date
to the close of business on the Business Day next preceding the following
Interest Payment Date, interest shall not be paid to the Person in whose name
the Note, or portion thereof, is registered on the close of business on such
record date, and the Company shall have no obligation to pay interest on such
Note or portion thereof except to the extent required to be paid upon such
redemption or conversion in accordance with Article III or Article XV. Interest
may, at the option of the Company, be paid by check mailed to the address of
such Person on the Note Register; provided that, with respect to any Holder of
Notes with an aggregate principal amount equal to or in excess of Five Hundred
Thousand United States Dollars ($500,000), interest on such Holder's Notes shall
be paid by wire transfer in immediately available funds to any bank located in
the United States in accordance with the wire transfer instruction supplied by
such Holder from time to time to the Trustee and Paying Agent (if different from
Trustee) at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable record date.
The term "record date" with respect to any Interest Payment Date shall mean the
first day of the month in which the Interest Payment Date shall occur, whether
or not such date is a Business Day. Interest on the Notes shall be computed on
the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. Any accrued and
unpaid interest which is not paid within five (5) Business Days of the Interest
Payment Date on which such payment of interest was due shall bear interest at
the rate of 2% plus the interest rate otherwise in effect and borne by the Notes
(including Liquidating Damages) from such Interest Payment Date until the same
is paid in full (or, if less, the maximum interest rate then permitted by
applicable law) (the "Default Interest"). In addition, at any time when an Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the interest rate on the Notes
shall be equal to 2% plus the interest rate otherwise accruing thereon
(including Liquidated Damages).

        If the Company defaults in a payment of interest on the Notes, it shall
pay the defaulted interest in any lawful manner plus, to the extent lawful, the
Default Interest, to the Persons who are holders on a subsequent special record
date. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of
defaulted interest proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed
payment. The Company shall fix or cause to be fixed each such special record
date and payment date, provided that no such special record date shall be less
than ten (10) days prior to the related payment date for such defaulted
interest. At least fifteen (15) days before the special record date, the Company
(or, upon Company Request, the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the
Company) shall mail or cause to be mailed to Holders a notice that states the
special record date, the related payment date and the amount of such interest to
be paid.

                                       32
<PAGE>

        Section 2.4.    Execution of Notes

        The Notes shall be signed in the name and on behalf of the Company by
the manual or facsimile signature of its President, its Chief Executive Officer,
or any of its Vice Presidents, and attested by the manual or facsimile signature
of its Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer or its Assistant Treasurer, or
Secretary or any of its Assistant Secretaries. Only such Notes as shall bear
thereon a certificate of authentication substantially in the form set forth on
the form of Note attached as Exhibit A hereto, manually executed by the Trustee
(or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee as provided by Section
16.10), shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture or be valid or
obligatory for any purpose. Such certificate by the Trustee (or such
authenticating agent) upon any Note executed by the Company shall be conclusive
evidence, and the only evidence, that the Note so authenticated has been duly
authenticated and delivered hereunder and that the Holder thereof is entitled to
the benefits of this Indenture.

        In case any officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the
Notes shall cease to be such officer before the Notes so signed shall have been
authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, or disposed of by the Company, such
Notes nevertheless may be authenticated and delivered or disposed of as though
the Person who signed such Notes had not ceased to be such officer of the
Company; and any Note may be signed on behalf of the Company by such Persons as,
at the actual date of the execution of such Note, shall be the proper officers
of the Company, although at the date any such Notes were signed any such Person
was not such an officer.

        At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of
this Indenture, the Company may deliver Notes executed by the Company to the
Trustee (or an authenticating agent) for authentication; and the Trustee or the
authenticating agent, as the case may be, shall authenticate and deliver such
Notes as in this Indenture provided and not otherwise.

        Section 2.5.    Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes;
                        Restrictions on Transfer

                (a)     Note Register. The Company shall cause to be kept at one
        of its offices or agencies maintained pursuant to Section 5.2 a register
        (the "Note Register") in which, subject to such reasonable regulations
        as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of
        Notes and of transfers of Notes. Such register shall be in written form
        or in any form capable of being converted into written form within a
        reasonable period of time. Said office or agency is hereby appointed
        "Note Registrar" for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers of
        Notes as herein provided. The Company may appoint one or more
        co-registrars in accordance with Section 5.2. The Company shall be the
        Note Registrar in the absence of any other Note Registrar.

                (b)     Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes. A Global Note may
        not be transferred except by the Depositary to a nominee of the
        Depositary, by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or to
        another nominee of the Depositary, or by the Depositary or any such
        nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor
        Depositary. All Global Notes will be exchanged by the Company for
        Definitive Notes if (i) the Company delivers to the Trustee notice from
        the Depositary that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as
        Depositary or that it is no longer a clearing agency registered under
        the Exchange Act and, in either case, a successor

                                       33
<PAGE>

        Depositary is not appointed by the Company within 120 days after the
        date of such notice from the Depositary or (ii) the Company in its sole
        discretion determines that the Global Notes (in whole but not in part)
        should be exchanged for Definitive Notes and delivers a written notice
        to such effect to the Trustee. Upon the occurrence of either of the
        preceding events in (i) or (ii) above, Definitive Notes shall be issued
        in such names as the Depositary shall instruct the Trustee in writing.
        Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as
        provided in Sections 2.6 and 2.7. Every Note authenticated and delivered
        in exchange for, or in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion thereof,
        pursuant to this Section 2.5(b) or Section 2.6 or 2.7, shall be
        authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note.
        A Global Note may not be exchanged for another Note other than as
        provided in this Section 2.5(b). Beneficial interests in a Global Note
        may only be transferred and exchanged as provided in Section 2.5(c) or
        (d).

                (c)     Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in the
        Global Notes. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the
        Global Notes shall be effected through the Depositary, in accordance
        with the provisions of this Indenture and the Applicable Procedures.
        Beneficial interests in the Restricted Global Notes shall be subject to
        restrictions on transfer comparable to those set forth herein to the
        extent required by the Securities Act. Transfers of beneficial interests
        in the Global Notes also shall require compliance with either
        subparagraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable, as well as one or more of
        the other following subparagraphs, as applicable:

                        (i)     Transfer of Beneficial Interests in the Same
                                Global Note. Beneficial interests in any
                                Restricted Global Note may be transferred to
                                Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of
                                a beneficial interest in the same Restricted
                                Global Note in accordance with the transfer
                                restrictions set forth in the Private Placement
                                Legend. Beneficial interests in any Unrestricted
                                Global Note may be transferred to Persons who
                                take delivery thereof in the form of a
                                beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global
                                Note. No written orders or instructions shall be
                                required to be delivered to the Note Registrar
                                to effect the transfers described in this
                                Section 2.5(c)(i).

                        (ii)    All Other Transfers and Exchanges of Beneficial
                                Interests in Global Notes. In connection with
                                all transfers and exchanges of beneficial
                                interests that are not subject to Section
                                2.5(c)(i) above, the transferor of such
                                beneficial interest must deliver to the Note
                                Registrar either (A) (1) a written order from a
                                Participant or an Indirect Participant given to
                                the Depositary in accordance with the Applicable
                                Procedures directing the Depositary to credit or
                                cause to be credited a beneficial interest in
                                another Global Note in an amount equal to the
                                beneficial interest to be transferred or
                                exchanged and (2) written instructions given in
                                accordance with the Applicable Procedures
                                containing information regarding the Participant
                                account to be credited with such increase or (B)
                                (1) a

                                       34
<PAGE>

                                written order from a Participant or an Indirect
                                Participant given to the Depositary in
                                accordance with the Applicable Procedures
                                directing the Depositary to cause to be issued a
                                Definitive Note in an amount equal to the
                                beneficial interest to be transferred or
                                exchanged and (2) written instructions given by
                                the Depositary to the Note Registrar containing
                                information regarding the Person in whose name
                                such Definitive Note shall be registered to
                                effect the transfer or exchange referred to in
                                (1) above. Upon satisfaction of all of the
                                requirements for transfer or exchange of
                                beneficial interests in Global Notes contained
                                in this Indenture and the Notes or otherwise
                                applicable under the Securities Act, the Trustee
                                shall adjust the principal amount of the
                                relevant Global Note(s) pursuant to Section
                                2.5(l).

                        (iii)   Transfer of Beneficial Interests to Another
                                Restricted Global Note. A beneficial interest in
                                any Restricted Global Note may be transferred to
                                a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form
                                of a beneficial interest in another Restricted
                                Global Note if the transfer complies with the
                                requirements of Section 2.5(c)(ii) above and the
                                Note Registrar receives the following:

                                    (A)   if the transferee will take delivery
                                in the form of a beneficial interest in the 144A
                                Global Note, then the transferor must deliver a
                                certificate in the form of Exhibit D hereto,
                                including the certifications in item (1)
                                thereof; and

                                    (B)   if the transferee will take delivery
                                in the form of a beneficial interest in the IAI
                                Global Note, then the transferor must deliver a
                                certificate in the form of Exhibit D hereto,
                                including the certifications and certificates
                                and Opinion of Counsel required by item (2)
                                thereof, if applicable.

                        (iv)    Transfer of Beneficial Interests in a Restricted
                                Global Note for Beneficial Interests in the
                                Unrestricted Global Note. A beneficial interest
                                in any Restricted Global Note may be transferred
                                to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the
                                form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted
                                Global Note if the transfer complies with the
                                requirements of Section 2.5(c)(ii) above and

                                    (A)   such transfer is effected pursuant
                                to a registration statement filed in accordance
                                with the Registration Rights Agreement (which
                                shall be evidenced by an Officers' Certificate
                                to such effect); or

                                    (B)   the Note Registrar receives the
                                following:

                                       35
<PAGE>

                                          (1)   if the Holder of such beneficial
                                                interest in a Restricted Global
                                                Note proposes to exchange such
                                                beneficial interest for a
                                                beneficial interest in an
                                                Unrestricted Global Note, a
                                                certificate from such Holder in
                                                the form of Exhibit E hereto,
                                                including the certifications in
                                                item (1)(a) thereof; or

                                          (2)   if the Holder of such beneficial
                                                interest in a Restricted Global
                                                Note proposes to transfer such
                                                beneficial interest to a Person
                                                who shall take delivery thereof
                                                in the form of a beneficial
                                                interest in an Unrestricted
                                                Global Note, a certificate from
                                                such Holder in the form of
                                                Exhibit D hereto, including the
                                                certifications in item (3)
                                                thereof;

                        and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph
                        (B), if the Note Registrar so requests or if the
                        Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel
                        in form reasonably acceptable to the Note Registrar to
                        the effect that such exchange or transfer is in
                        compliance with the Securities Act and that the
                        restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the
                        Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order
                        to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

        If any such transfer is effected pursuant to subparagraph (B) above at a
time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the Company shall
issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section
2.1, the Trustee shall authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in an
aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of beneficial
interests transferred pursuant to subparagraph (B) above.

        Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Note cannot be exchanged
for, or transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of, a
beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note.

                (d)     Transfer or Exchange of Beneficial Interests for
                        Definitive Notes.

                        (i)     Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes
                                to Restricted Definitive Notes. If any Holder of
                                a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global
                                Note proposes to exchange such beneficial
                                interest for a Restricted Definitive Note or to
                                transfer such beneficial interest to a Person
                                who takes delivery thereof in the form of a
                                Restricted Definitive Note, then, upon receipt
                                by the Note Registrar and Trustee of the
                                following documentation:

                                    (A)   if the Holder of such beneficial
                                interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to
                                exchange such beneficial

                                       36
<PAGE>

                                interest for a Restricted Definitive Note, a
                                certificate from such Holder in the form of
                                Exhibit E hereto, including the certifications
                                in item (2)(a) thereof;

                                    (B)   if such beneficial interest is being
                                transferred to a QIB in accordance with Rule
                                144A under the Securities Act, a certificate to
                                the effect set forth in Exhibit D hereto,
                                including the certifications in item (1)
                                thereof;

                                    (C)   if such beneficial interest is being
                                transferred pursuant to an exemption from the
                                registration requirements of the Securities Act
                                in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities
                                Act, a certificate to the effect set forth in
                                Exhibit D hereto, including the certifications
                                in item (2)(a) thereof;

                                    (D)   if such beneficial interest is being
                                transferred to an Institutional Accredited
                                Investor in reliance on an exemption from the
                                registration requirements of the Securities Act
                                other than those listed in subparagraphs (B) and
                                (C) above, a certificate to the effect set forth
                                in Exhibit D hereto, including the
                                certifications, certificates and Opinion of
                                Counsel required by item (3) thereof, if
                                applicable;

                                    (E)   if such beneficial interest is being
                                transferred to the Company or any of its
                                Subsidiaries, a certificate to the effect set
                                forth in Exhibit D hereto, including the
                                certifications in item (2)(b) thereof; or

                                    (F)   if such beneficial interest is being
                                transferred pursuant to an effective
                                registration statement under the Securities Act,
                                a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit
                                D hereto, including the certifications in item
                                (2)(c) thereof;

        the Note Registrar shall cause the aggregate principal amount of the
        applicable Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section
        2.5(l), and the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate
        and deliver to the Person designated in the instructions a Definitive
        Note in the appropriate principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued in
        exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note pursuant
        to this Section 2.5(d) shall be registered in such name or names and in
        such authorized denomination or denominations as the Holder of such
        beneficial interest shall instruct the Note Registrar and Trustee
        through instructions from the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect
        Participant. The Trustee shall deliver such Definitive Notes to the
        Persons in whose names such Notes are so registered. Any Definitive Note
        issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note
        pursuant to this Section 2.5(d)(i) shall bear the Private Placement
        Legend and shall be subject to all restrictions on transfer contained
        therein.

                                       37
<PAGE>

                        (ii)    Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes
                                to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A Holder of a
                                beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note
                                may exchange such beneficial interest for an
                                Unrestricted Definitive Note or may transfer
                                such beneficial interest to a Person who takes
                                delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted
                                Definitive Note only if:

                                    (A)   such transfer is effected pursuant to
                                a registration statement filed in accordance
                                with the Registration Rights Agreement (which
                                shall be evidenced by an Officers' Certificate
                                to such effect); or

                                    (B)   the Note Registrar receives the
                                following:

                                          (1)   if the Holder of such beneficial
                                                interest in a Restricted Global
                                                Notes proposes to exchange such
                                                beneficial interest for an
                                                Unrestricted Definitive Note, a
                                                certificate from such Holder in
                                                the form of Exhibit E hereto,
                                                including the certifications in
                                                item (1)(b) thereof; or

                                          (2)   if the Holder of such beneficial
                                                interest in a Restricted Global
                                                Notes proposes to transfer such
                                                beneficial interest to a Person
                                                who shall take delivery thereof
                                                in the form of an Unrestricted
                                                Definitive Note, a certificate
                                                from such Holder in the form of
                                                Exhibit D hereto, including the
                                                certifications in item (3)
                                                thereof;

                        and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph
                        (B), if the Note Registrar or Trustee so requests or if
                        the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of
                        Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Note
                        Registrar and Trustee to the effect that such exchange
                        or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and
                        that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and
                        in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required
                        in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

                        (iii)   Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global
                                Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. If any
                                Holder of a beneficial interest in an
                                Unrestricted Global Note proposes to exchange
                                such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted
                                Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial
                                interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof
                                in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note,
                                then, upon satisfaction of the conditions set
                                forth in Section 2.5(c)(ii), the Trustee shall
                                cause the aggregate principal amount of the
                                applicable Global Note to be

                                       38
<PAGE>

                                reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 2.5(l),
                                and the Company shall execute and the Trustee
                                shall authenticate and deliver to the Person
                                designated in the instructions an Unrestricted
                                Definitive Note in the appropriate principal
                                amount. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange
                                for a beneficial interest pursuant to this
                                Section 2.5(d)(iii) shall be registered in such
                                name or names and in such authorized
                                denomination or denominations as the Holder of
                                such beneficial interest shall instruct the Note
                                Registrar through instructions from the
                                Depositary and the Participant or Indirect
                                Participant. The Trustee shall deliver such
                                Unrestricted Definitive Notes to the Persons in
                                whose names such Notes are so registered. Any
                                Unrestricted Definitive Note issued in exchange
                                for a beneficial interest pursuant to this
                                Section 2.5(d)(iii) shall not bear the Private
                                Placement Legend.

                (e)     Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Beneficial
                        Interests.

                        (i)     Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial
                                Interests in Restricted Global Notes. If any
                                Holder of a Restricted Definitive Note proposes
                                to exchange such Note for a beneficial interest
                                in a Restricted Global Note or to transfer such
                                Restricted Definitive Notes to a Person who
                                takes delivery thereof in the form of a
                                beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note,
                                then, upon receipt by the Note Registrar and
                                Trustee of the following documentation:

                                    (A)   if the Holder of such Restricted
                                Definitive Note proposes to exchange such Note
                                for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global
                                Note, a certificate from such Holder in the form
                                of Exhibit E hereto, including the
                                certifications in item (2)(b) thereof;

                                    (B)   if such Restricted Definitive Note is
                                being transferred to a QIB in accordance with
                                Rule 144A under the Securities Act, a
                                certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit D
                                hereto, including the certifications in item (1)
                                thereof;

                                    (C)   if such Restricted Definitive Note is
                                being transferred pursuant to an exemption from
                                the registration requirements of the Securities
                                Act in accordance with Rule 144 under the
                                Securities Act, a certificate to the effect set
                                forth in Exhibit D hereto, including the
                                certifications in item (2)(a) thereof;

                                    (D)   if such Restricted Definitive Note is
                                being transferred to an Institutional Accredited
                                Investor in reliance on an exemption from the
                                registration requirements of the Securities Act
                                other than those listed in subparagraphs (B) and
                                (C) above, a certificate to the effect set forth
                                in Exhibit D hereto, including the

                                       39
<PAGE>

                                certifications, certificates and Opinion of
                                Counsel required by item (2) thereof, if
                                applicable;

                                    (E)   if such Restricted Definitive Note is
                                being transferred to the Company or any of its
                                Subsidiaries, a certificate to the effect set
                                forth in Exhibit D hereto, including the
                                certifications in item (2)(b) thereof; or

                                    (F)   if such Restricted Definitive Note is
                                being transferred pursuant to an effective
                                registration statement under the Securities Act,
                                a certificate to the effect set forth in Exhibit
                                D hereto, including the certifications in item
                                (2)(c) thereof;

                        the Trustee shall cancel the Restricted Definitive Note,
                        and the Note Registrar shall increase or cause to be
                        increased the aggregate principal amount of, in the case
                        of clause (A) above, the appropriate Restricted Global
                        Note, in the case of clause (B) above, the 144A Global
                        Note, and in all other cases, the IAI Global Note.

                        (ii)    Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial
                                Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. A Holder
                                of a Restricted Definitive Note may exchange
                                such Note for a beneficial interest in an
                                Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such
                                Restricted Definitive Note to a Person who takes
                                delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial
                                interest in an Unrestricted Global Note only if:

                                    (A)   such transfer is effected pursuant to
                                a registration statement filed in accordance
                                with the Registration Rights Agreement (which
                                shall be evidenced by an Officers' Certificate
                                to such effect); or

                                    (B)   the Note Registrar and Trustee
                                receive the following:

                                          (1)   if the Holder of such Restricted
                                                Definitive Notes proposes to
                                                exchange such Notes for a
                                                beneficial interest in the
                                                Unrestricted Global Note, a
                                                certificate from such Holder in
                                                the form of Exhibit E hereto,
                                                including the certifications in
                                                item (1)(c) thereof; or

                                          (2)   if the Holder of such Restricted
                                                Definitive Notes proposes to
                                                transfer such Notes to a Person
                                                who shall take delivery thereof
                                                in the form of a beneficial
                                                interest in the Unrestricted
                                                Global Note, a certificate from
                                                such Holder in the form of
                                                Exhibit D hereto,

                                       40
<PAGE>

                                                including the certifications
                                                in item (3) thereof;

                        and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph
                        (B), if the Note Registrar so requests or if the
                        Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel
                        in form reasonably acceptable to the Note Registrar and
                        Trustee to the effect that such exchange or transfer is
                        in compliance with the Securities Act and that the
                        restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the
                        Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order
                        to maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

                        Upon satisfaction of the conditions of any of the
                        subparagraphs in this Section 2.5(e)(ii), the Trustee
                        shall cancel the Restricted Definitive Notes and the
                        Note Registrar shall increase or cause to be increased
                        the aggregate principal amount of the Unrestricted
                        Global Note.

                        (iii)   Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial
                                Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. A Holder
                                of an Unrestricted Definitive Note may exchange
                                such Note for a beneficial interest in an
                                Unrestricted Global Note or transfer such
                                Unrestricted Definitive Notes to a Person who
                                takes delivery thereof in the form of a
                                beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global
                                Note at any time. Upon receipt of a request for
                                such an exchange or transfer, the Trustee shall
                                cancel the applicable Unrestricted Definitive
                                Note and the Note Registrar shall increase or
                                cause to be increased the aggregate principal
                                amount of one of the Unrestricted Global Notes.

        If any such exchange or transfer from an Unrestricted Definitive Note to
a beneficial interest is effected pursuant to subparagraphs (ii)(A), (ii)(B) or
(iii) above at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued,
the Company shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in
accordance with Section 2.1, the Trustee shall authenticate one or more
Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the
principal amount of Unrestricted Definitive Notes so transferred.

                (f)     Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive
Notes. Upon written request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holder's
compliance with the provisions of this Section 2.5(f), the Note Registrar shall
register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such
registration of transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder shall present or
surrender to the Note Registrar the Definitive Notes duly endorsed or
accompanied by a written instruction of transfer in form satisfactory to the
Note Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized
in writing. In addition, the requesting Holder shall provide any additional
certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant to
the following provisions of this Section 2.5(f).

                                       41
<PAGE>

                        (i)     Restricted Definitive Notes to Restricted
                                Definitive Notes. Any Restricted Definitive Note
                                may be transferred to and registered in the name
                                of Persons who take delivery thereof in the form
                                of a Restricted Definitive Note if the Note
                                Registrar receives the following:

                                    (A)   if the transfer will be made pursuant
                                to Rule 144A under the Securities Act, then the
                                transferor must deliver a certificate in the
                                form of Exhibit D hereto, including the
                                certifications in item (1) thereof; and

                                    (B)   if the transfer will be made pursuant
                                to any other exemption from the registration
                                requirements of the Securities Act, then the
                                transferor must deliver a certificate in the
                                form of Exhibit D hereto, including the
                                certifications, certificates and Opinion of
                                Counsel required by item (2) thereof, if
                                applicable.

                        (ii)    Restricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted
                                Definitive Notes. Any Restricted Definitive Note
                                may be exchanged by the Holder thereof for an
                                Unrestricted Definitive Note or transferred to a
                                Person or Persons who take delivery thereof in
                                the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note if:

                                    (A)   any such transfer is effected pursuant
                                to a registration statement filed in accordance
                                with the Registration Rights Agreement (which
                                shall be evidenced by an Officers' Certificate
                                to such effect); or

                                    (B)   the Note Registrar and Trustee receive
                                the following:

                                          (1)   if the Holder of such Restricted
                                                Definitive Notes proposes to
                                                exchange such Notes for an
                                                Unrestricted Definitive Note, a
                                                certificate from such Holder in
                                                the form of Exhibit E hereto,
                                                including the certifications in
                                                item (1)(d) thereof; or

                                          (2)   if the Holder of such Restricted
                                                Definitive Notes proposes to
                                                transfer such Notes to a Person
                                                who shall take delivery thereof
                                                in the form of an Unrestricted
                                                Definitive Note, a certificate
                                                from such Holder in the form of
                                                Exhibit D hereto, including the
                                                certifications in item (3)
                                                thereof;

                        and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph
                        (B), if the Note Registrar or Trustee so requests, an
                        Opinion of Counsel in form

                                       42
<PAGE>

                reasonably acceptable to the Company to the effect that such
                exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act
                and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in
                the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to
                maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

                        (iii)   Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted
                                Definitive Notes. A Holder of Unrestricted
                                Definitive Notes may transfer such Notes to a
                                Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of
                                an Unrestricted Definitive Note. Upon receipt of
                                a request to register such a transfer, the Note
                                Registrar shall register the Unrestricted
                                Definitive Notes pursuant to the instructions
                                from the Holder thereof.

                (g)     General Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges.

        Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note to the Note
Registrar or any co-registrar, and satisfaction of the requirements for such
transfer set forth in this Section 2.5, the Company shall execute, and the
Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee
or transferees, one or more new Notes of any authorized denominations and of a
like aggregate principal amount and bearing such legends as may be required by
this Indenture.

        No service charge shall be charged to the Noteholder for any exchange or
transfer of Notes, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to
cover any tax, assessments or other governmental charges that may be imposed in
connection therewith.

        None of the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-registrar
shall be required to exchange or transfer (a) any Notes for a period of fifteen
(15) days next preceding the mailing of the notice of redemption or (b) any
Notes called for redemption or, if a portion of any Note is selected or called
for redemption, such portion thereof selected or called for redemption or (c)
any Notes surrendered for conversion or, if a portion of any Note is surrendered
for conversion, such portion thereof surrendered for conversion or (d) any
Notes, or a portion of any Note, surrendered for repurchase (and not withdrawn)
in connection with an Asset Sale Offer or Change of Control Offer.

        All Notes issued upon any transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance
with this Indenture shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing
the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as the
Notes surrendered upon such transfer or exchange.

        Every Note presented or surrendered for transfer or exchange shall (if
so required by the Company or the Trustee) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied
by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the
Note Registrar duly executed, by the Holder thereof or his attorney duly
authorized in writing.

        The Trustee shall authenticate Global Notes and Definitive Notes in
accordance with the provisions of Section 2.1.

                                       43
<PAGE>

                (h)     Legends.

                        (i)     Private Placement Legend on the Notes. Every
                                Note that bears or is required under this
                                Section 2.5(h)(i) to bear the legend set forth
                                in this Section 2.5(h)(i) (together with any
                                Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Notes
                                and required to bear the legend set forth in
                                Section 2.5(h)(ii), collectively, the
                                "Restricted Securities") shall be subject to the
                                restrictions on transfer set forth in this
                                Section 2.5(h)(i) (including the legend set
                                forth below), unless such restrictions on
                                transfer shall be waived by written consent of
                                the Company delivered to the Trustee and Note
                                Registrar, and the Holder of each such
                                Restricted Security, by such Holder's acceptance
                                thereof, agrees to be bound by all such
                                restrictions on transfer. As used in Sections
                                2.5(h)(i) and 2.5(h)(ii), the term "transfer"
                                encompasses any sale, transfer or other
                                disposition (excluding any pledge unless or
                                until any foreclosure on such pledge) whatsoever
                                of any Restricted Security.

                                Until two (2) years after the original issuance
                                date of any Note, any certificate evidencing
                                such Note (and all securities issued in exchange
                                therefor or substitution thereof, other than
                                Common Stock, if any, issued upon conversion
                                thereof which shall bear the legend set forth in
                                Section 2.5(h)(ii), if applicable) shall bear a
                                legend in substantially the following form
                                (unless such Note has been transferred pursuant
                                to a registration statement that has been
                                declared effective under the Securities Act (and
                                which continues to be effective at the time of
                                such transfer), or the Note has been transferred
                                pursuant to the exemption from registration
                                provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act,
                                or unless otherwise agreed by the Company in
                                writing, with notice thereof to the Trustee):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD,
TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED EXCEPT (A)(1) TO A PERSON WHO THE SELLER REASONABLY
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OF FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE
144A, (2) TO AN INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF
RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) IN
A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FOR THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
PURSUANT TO RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE) OR (4) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND (B) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN

                                       44
<PAGE>

EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE
MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY THIS SECURITY.

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY IS ENTITLED TO THE BENEFITS OF A REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT AND, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES TO BE BOUND BY AND TO COMPLY
WITH THE PROVISIONS OF SUCH REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT.

        The Company may, but is not obligated to, instruct the Trustee to place
the following legend on any Note held by or transferred to an "affiliate" (as
defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE HELD BY A PERSON WHO MAY BE
DEEMED TO BE AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER FOR PURPOSES OF RULE 144 PROMULGATED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), AND MAY BE
SOLD ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO A VALID EXEMPTION FROM
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN
CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY THE
SECURITIES.

        Any Note (or security issued in exchange or substitution therefor) as to
which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their
terms may, upon surrender of such Note for exchange to the Note Registrar in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.5, be exchanged for a new Note
or Notes, of like tenor and aggregate principal amount, which shall not bear the
restrictive legend required by this Section 2.5(h)(i).

                        (ii)    Private Placement Legend on Stock Certificate.
                                Until two (2) years after the original issuance
                                date of any Note, any stock certificate
                                representing Common Stock issued upon conversion
                                of such Note shall bear a legend in
                                substantially the following form (unless such
                                Common Stock has been transferred pursuant to a
                                registration statement that has been declared
                                effective under the Securities Act (and which
                                continues to be effective at the time of such
                                transfer), or the Notes from which such Common
                                Stock was converted were transferred pursuant to
                                a registration statement that has been declared
                                effective under the Securities Act and which was
                                effective at the time of such transfer, or the
                                Common Stock has been transferred pursuant to an
                                exemption from registration provided by Rule 144
                                under the Securities Act, or unless otherwise
                                instructed by the Company in writing to the
                                Trustee and any transfer agent for the Common
                                Stock):

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE

                                       45
<PAGE>

"SECURITIES ACT") OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE
OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED EXCEPT (A)(1) TO A PERSON WHO
THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE
MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OF
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (2) TO AN INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR
WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT, (3) IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FOR THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF
THE SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE) OR (4)
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND
(B) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN
EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE
MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY THIS SECURITY.

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY IS ENTITLED TO THE BENEFITS OF A REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT AND, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES TO BE BOUND BY AND TO COMPLY
WITH THE PROVISIONS OF SUCH REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT.

        The Company may, but is not obligated to, instruct the transfer agent
for the Company's Common Stock to place the following legend on any certificate
evidencing shares of Common Stock held by or transferred to an "affiliate" (as
defined in Rule 501(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) of the Company:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE HELD BY A PERSON WHO MAY BE
DEEMED TO BE AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER FOR PURPOSES OF RULE 144 PROMULGATED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), AND MAY BE
SOLD ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO A VALID EXEMPTION FROM
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN
CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY THE
SECURITIES.

        Any such Common Stock as to which such restrictions on transfer shall
have expired in accordance with their terms may, upon surrender of the
certificates representing such shares of Common Stock for exchange in accordance
with the procedures of the transfer agent for the Common Stock, be exchanged for
a new certificate or certificates for a like aggregate number of shares of
Common Stock, which shall not bear the restrictive legend required by this
Section 2.5(h)(ii).

                        (iii)   Global Note Legend. Each Global Note shall bear
                                a legend in substantially the following form:

                                       46
<PAGE>

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE
GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL
OWNERS HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES
EXCEPT THAT (I) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS MAY BE REQUIRED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.6 OF THE INDENTURE, (II) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED
IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.5(b) OF THE INDENTURE, (III) THIS
GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION
2.8 OF THE INDENTURE AND (IV) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR
DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COMPANY.

                (i)     Resale of Notes Purchased by the Company or an
        Affiliate. Any Note or Common Stock issued upon the conversion or
        exchange of a Note that, prior to the expiration of the holding period
        applicable to sales thereof under Rule 144(k) under the Securities Act
        (or any successor rule), is purchased or owned by the Company or any
        Affiliate thereof may not be resold by the Company or such Affiliate
        unless registered under the Securities Act or resold pursuant to an
        exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in a
        transaction that results in such Notes or Common Stock, as the case may
        be, no longer being "restricted securities" (as defined under Rule 144).

                (j)     Changes in Law. Notwithstanding any provision of Section
        2.5 to the contrary, in the event Rule 144(k) as promulgated under the
        Securities Act (or any successor rule) is amended to change the two-year
        period under Rule 144(k) (or the corresponding period under any
        successor rule), from and after receipt by the Trustee of the Officers'
        Certificate and Opinion of Counsel provided for in this Section 2.5(j),
        (i) each reference in Section 2.5(h)(i) to "two (2) years" shall be
        deemed for all purposes hereof to be references to such changed period,
        (ii) each reference in Section 2.5(h)(ii) to "two (2) years" shall be
        deemed for all purposes hereof to be references to such changed period
        and (iii) all corresponding references in the Notes shall be deemed for
        all purposes hereof to be references to such changed period, provided
        that such changes shall not become effective if they are otherwise
        prohibited by, or would otherwise cause a violation of, the
        then-applicable federal securities laws. As soon as practicable after
        the Company has knowledge of the effectiveness of any such amendment to
        change the two-year period under Rule 144(k) (or the corresponding
        period under any successor rule), unless such changes would otherwise be
        prohibited by, or would otherwise cause a violation of, the
        then-applicable securities law, the Company shall provide to the Trustee
        an Officers' Certificate and Opinion of Counsel informing the Trustee of
        the effectiveness of such amendment and the effectiveness of the
        foregoing changes to Sections 2.5(h)(i) and 2.5(h)(ii) and the Notes.
        The provisions of this Section 2.5(j) will not be effective until such
        time as the Opinion of Counsel and Officers' Certificate have been
        received by the Trustee hereunder. This Section 2.5(j) shall apply to
        successive amendments to Rule 144(k) (or any successor rule) changing
        the holding period thereunder.

                                       47
<PAGE>

                (k)     Limitation on Trustee's Duties. The Trustee shall have
        no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance
        with the Securities Act or any other restrictions on transfer imposed
        under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any
        transfer of any interest in any Note other than to require delivery of
        such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly
        required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms
        of, this Indenture.

                (l)     Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such
        time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note have been
        exchanged for Definitive Notes or a particular Global Note has been
        redeemed, repurchased or canceled in whole and not in part, each such
        Global Note shall be returned to or retained and canceled by the Trustee
        in accordance with Section 2.8. At any time prior to such cancellation,
        if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or
        transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a
        beneficial interest in another Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the
        principal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note shall be
        reduced accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note
        by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to
        reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being
        exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof
        in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other
        Global Note shall be increased accordingly and an endorsement shall be
        made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the Depositary at the
        direction of the Trustee to reflect such increase.

        Section 2.6.    Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes

        In case any Note shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen,
in the absence of notice to the Company or the Trustee that such Note has been
acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Company in its discretion may execute,
and upon its request the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by the
Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new Note, bearing a number not
contemporaneously outstanding, in exchange and substitution for the mutilated
Note, or in lieu of and in substitution for the Note so destroyed, lost or
stolen. In every case the applicant for a substituted Note shall furnish to the
Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such
security or indemnity as required by them to save each of them harmless for any
loss, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such substitution,
and, in every case of mutilation, destruction, loss or theft, the applicant
shall also furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such
authenticating agent evidence to their reasonable satisfaction of the
mutilation, destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership
thereof.

        The Trustee or such authenticating agent may authenticate any such
substituted Note and deliver the same upon the receipt of such security or
indemnity as the Trustee, the Company and, if applicable, such authenticating
agent may reasonably require. Upon the issuance of any substituted Note, the
Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other
expenses connected therewith. Once any substitute Note has been issued pursuant
to this Section 2.6, the original Note being replaced by such substitute Note
shall automatically be deemed canceled. In case any Note which has matured or is
about to mature or has been called for redemption or is

                                       48
<PAGE>

about to be converted into Common Stock shall become mutilated or be destroyed,
lost or stolen, the Company may, instead of issuing a substitute Note, pay or
authorize the payment of or convert or authorize the conversion of the same
(without surrender thereof except in the case of a mutilated Note), as the case
may be, if the applicant for such payment or conversion shall furnish to the
Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such
security or indemnity as will be required by them to save each of them harmless
for any loss, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such
substitution, and, in case of destruction, loss or theft, evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, the Trustee and, if applicable, any Paying Agent or
conversion agent of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the
ownership thereof.

        Every substitute Note issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section
2.6 by virtue of the fact that any Note is destroyed, lost or stolen shall
constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not
the destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be found at any time, and shall be
entitled to all the benefits of (but shall be subject to all the limitations set
forth in) this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other
Notes duly issued hereunder. To the extent permitted by law, all Notes shall be
held and owned upon the express condition that the foregoing provisions are
exclusive with respect to the replacement or payment or conversion of mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and shall preclude any and all other rights or
remedies notwithstanding any law or statute existing or hereafter enacted to the
contrary with respect to the replacement or payment or conversion of negotiable
instruments or other securities without their surrender.

        Section 2.7.    Temporary Notes

        Pending the preparation of definitive Notes, the Company may execute and
the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall, upon
Company Order, authenticate and deliver temporary Notes (printed or
lithographed). Temporary Notes shall be issuable in any authorized denomination,
and substantially in the form of the Global Notes or the Definitive Notes, as
the case may be, but with such omissions, insertions and variations as may be
appropriate for temporary Notes, all as may be determined by the Company. Every
such temporary Note shall be executed by the Company and authenticated by the
Trustee or such authenticating agent upon the same conditions and in
substantially the same manner, and with the same effect, as the Definitive Notes
or Global Notes. Without unreasonable delay the Company will execute and deliver
to the Trustee or such authenticating agent Definitive Notes and Global Notes
and thereupon any or all temporary Notes may be surrendered in exchange for the
applicable replacement Note, at each office or agency maintained by the Company
pursuant to Section 5.2 and the Trustee or such authenticating agent shall
authenticate and deliver in exchange for such temporary Notes an equal aggregate
principal amount of Definitive Notes or Global Notes, as the case may be. Such
exchange shall be made by the Company at its own expense and without any charge
therefor. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects be
entitled to the same benefits and subject to the same limitations under this
Indenture as Definitive Notes or Global Notes, as the case may be, authenticated
and delivered hereunder.

                                       49
<PAGE>

        Section 2.8.    Cancellation of Notes Paid, Etc.

        All Notes surrendered for the purpose of payment, redemption,
repurchase, conversion, exchange or registration of transfer, shall, if
surrendered to the Company or any Paying Agent or any Note Registrar or any
conversion agent, be surrendered to the Trustee and promptly canceled by it, or,
if surrendered to the Trustee, shall be promptly canceled by it, and no Notes
shall be issued in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the
provisions of this Indenture. All cancelled Notes held by the Trustee shall be
destroyed and certification of their destruction delivered to the Company unless
by a Company Order the Company shall direct that cancelled Notes be returned to
it. If the Company shall acquire any of the Notes, such acquisition shall not
operate as a redemption or satisfaction of the indebtedness represented by such
Notes unless and until the same are delivered to the Trustee for cancellation.

        Section 2.9.    CUSIP Numbers

        The Company in issuing the Notes shall use "CUSIP" numbers and the
Trustee shall use "CUSIP" numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to
holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made
as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as
contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on
the other identification numbers printed on the Notes, and any such redemption
shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Company
will promptly notify the Trustee of any change in the "CUSIP" numbers.

                                  ARTICLE III.

                      OPTIONAL REDEMPTION OF NOTES SECTION

        Section 3.1.    Redemption Price

        The Notes will be redeemable, if and only if the Common Stock of the
Company has a Closing Price of at least 150% of the Conversion Price for 30
consecutive Trading Days ending on the Trading Day prior to delivery of notice
of redemption to the Trustee at the option of the Company, in whole or in part,
for cash, on or after December 21, 2007 upon not less than 30 nor more than 60
days' written notice at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of
principal amount at maturity) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest
thereon, if any, to the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the
twelve-month period beginning on December 15 of each of the years indicated
below:

Year                                                             Percentage
- -------------------------------------------------------------   ------------
2007.........................................................       107.000%
2008.........................................................       106.000%
2009.........................................................       105.000%
2010.........................................................       104.000%
2011 and thereafter..........................................       103.000%

                                       50
<PAGE>

        Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Shelf Registration
Statement is required by the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement to
remain effective as of the date that notice of redemption is provided in
accordance with Section 3.2, no such redemption shall be permitted unless the
Shelf Registration Statement is effective and available during the 30 day period
prior to the giving of such notice and at all times from the date of such notice
until the redemption date.

        Section 3.2.    Notice of Redemption; Selection of Notes

        The election of the Company to redeem any Notes shall be evidenced by a
Board Resolution. In case the Company shall desire to exercise the right to
redeem all or, as the case may be, any part of the Notes pursuant to Section
3.1, it shall fix a date for redemption, and it, or at its written request
(which must be received by the Trustee at least ten (10) Business Days prior to
the date the Trustee is requested to give notice as described below unless a
shorter period is agreed to by the Trustee), the Trustee in the name of and at
the expense of the Company, shall mail or cause to be mailed a notice of such
redemption at least thirty (30) and not more than sixty (60) days prior to the
date fixed for redemption to the holders of Notes so to be redeemed as a whole
or in part at their last addresses as the same appear on the Note Register
(provided that if the Company shall give such notice, it shall also give such
notice, and notice of the aggregate amount of Notes to be redeemed, to the
Trustee). Such notice shall be irrevocable. Notice shall be mailed by first
class mail. The notice if mailed in the manner herein provided shall be
conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Holder
receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such notice by mail or any
defect in the notice to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption as a
whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the
redemption of any other Note.

        Each such notice of redemption shall specify the aggregate principal
amount of Notes to be redeemed, the "CUSIP" number or numbers of such Notes, the
date fixed for redemption, the redemption price at which Notes are to be
redeemed, the place or places of payment, that payment will be made upon
presentation and surrender of such Notes, that interest accrued to, but
excluding, the date fixed for redemption will be paid as specified in said
notice, and that on and after said date interest thereon or on the portion
thereof to be redeemed will cease to accrue. Such notice shall also state the
current Conversion Price and the date on which the right to convert such Notes
or portions thereof into Common Stock will expire, which shall be the close of
business on the redemption date. If fewer than all the Notes are to be redeemed,
the notice of redemption shall identify the Notes to be redeemed. In case any
Note is to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption shall state the
portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and shall state that on
and after the date fixed for redemption, upon surrender of such Note, a new Note
or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof will be
issued.

        On or prior to the redemption date specified in the notice of redemption
given as provided in this Section, the Company will deposit with the Trustee or
with one or more Paying Agents (or, if the Company is acting as its own Paying
Agent, set aside, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 5.3) an
amount of money sufficient to redeem on the redemption date all the Notes (or
portions thereof) so called for redemption (other than those theretofore
surrendered for conversion into Common Stock) at the appropriate redemption
price, together

                                       51
<PAGE>

with accrued interest to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption; provided
that if such payment is made on the redemption date it must be received by the
Trustee or Paying Agent, as the case may be, by 1:00 p.m. New York City time, on
such date. If any Note called for redemption is converted pursuant hereto, any
money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent or so segregated and held
in trust for the redemption of such Note shall be paid to the Company upon its
request, or, if then held by the Company shall be discharged from such trust.

        If fewer than all the Notes are to be redeemed, the Company will give
the Trustee written notice in the form of an Officers' Certificate not fewer
than forty-five (45) days (or such shorter period of time as may be acceptable
to the Trustee) prior to the redemption date as to the aggregate principal
amount of Notes to be redeemed, and the Company, or at its request, the Trustee
in the name of and at the expense of the Company, shall give the holders at
least thirty (30) days' notice in advance of the date fixed for redemption as to
the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be redeemed. If fewer than all the
Notes are to be redeemed, the Trustee shall select not fewer than thirty (30)
days prior to the redemption date the Notes or portions thereof to be redeemed
(in principal amounts of One Thousand United States Dollars ($1,000) or integral
multiples thereof), on a pro rata basis or by lot. If any Note selected for
partial redemption is converted in part after such selection, the converted
portion of such Note shall be deemed (so far as is possible) to be the portion
to be selected for redemption. The Notes (or portions thereof) so selected shall
be deemed duly selected for redemption for all purposes hereof, notwithstanding
that any such Note is converted as a whole or in part before the mailing of the
notice of redemption.

        Upon any redemption of less than all Notes, the Company and the Trustee
may (but need not) treat as outstanding any Notes surrendered for conversion
during the period of fifteen (15) days next preceding the mailing of a notice of
redemption and may (but need not) treat as not outstanding any Note
authenticated and delivered during such period in exchange for the unconverted
portion of any Note converted in part during such period.

        Section 3.3.    Payment of Notes Called for Redemption

        If notice of redemption has been given as above provided, the Notes or
portion of Notes with respect to which such notice has been given shall, unless
converted into Common Stock pursuant to the terms hereof, become due and payable
on the date and at the place or places stated in such notice at the applicable
redemption price, and interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for
redemption, and on and after said date (unless the Company shall default in the
payment of such Notes at the redemption price and interest accrued to, but
excluding, said date) interest on the Notes or portion of Notes so called for
redemption shall cease to accrue and such Notes shall cease at the close of
business on the date fixed for redemption to be convertible into Common Stock
and, except as provided in Sections 8.5, 13.4 and 17.5, to be entitled to any
benefit or security under this Indenture, and the holders thereof shall have no
right in respect of such Notes except the right to receive the redemption price
thereof and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. On
presentation and surrender of such Notes at a place of payment specified in said
notice, the said Notes or the specified portions thereof to be redeemed shall be
paid and redeemed by the Company at the applicable redemption price and interest
accrued thereon to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption; provided that,
if the applicable redemption date is an Interest Payment Date, the semi-annual
payment of interest

                                       52
<PAGE>

becoming due on such date shall be payable to the holders of such Notes
registered as such on the relevant record date subject to the terms and
provisions of Section 2.3.

        Upon presentation of any Note redeemed in part only (with, if the
Company or the Trustee so requires, due endorsement by, or a written instrument
of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee duly executed
by, the Holder thereof or his Attorney duly authorized in writing), the Company
shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder
thereof, at the expense of the Company, a new Note or Notes, of authorized
denominations, in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Notes
so presented.

        Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trustee shall not redeem any Notes or
mail any notice of optional redemption during the continuance of a default in
payment of interest or premium on the Notes or of any Event of Default of which
a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge. If any Note called
for redemption shall not be so paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the
principal and premium, if any, shall, until paid or duly provided for, bear
interest from the date fixed for redemption at the rate borne by the Note and
such Note shall remain convertible into Common Stock until the principal and
premium, if any, shall have been paid or duly provided for.

        Section 3.4.    Conversion Arrangement on Call for Redemption

        In connection with any redemption of Notes, the Company may arrange for
the purchase and conversion of any Notes not converted prior to the expiration
of such conversion right by an agreement with one or more investment bankers or
other purchasers to purchase such Notes by paying to the Trustee in trust for
the Noteholders, on or before the date fixed for redemption, an amount not less
than the applicable redemption price and interest accrued to the date fixed for
redemption, of such Notes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Article III, the obligation of the Company to pay the redemption price of
such Notes and interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for
redemption, shall be deemed to be satisfied and discharged to the extent such
amount is so paid by such purchasers to such Noteholders. If such an agreement
is entered into, a copy of which, certified as true and correct by the Secretary
or Assistant Secretary of the Company will be filed with the Trustee prior to
the date fixed for redemption, any Notes not duly surrendered for conversion by
the holders thereof may, at the option of the Company, be deemed, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, acquired by such purchasers from such holders and
(notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Article XV) surrendered
by such purchasers for conversion, all as of immediately prior to the close of
business on the date fixed for redemption (and the right to convert any such
Notes shall be deemed to have been extended through such time), subject to
payment of the above amount as aforesaid. At the written direction of the
Company, the Trustee shall hold and dispose of any such amount paid to it in the
same manner as it would monies deposited with it by the Company for the
redemption of Notes. Without the Trustee's prior written consent, no arrangement
between the Company and such purchasers for the purchase and conversion of any
Notes shall increase or otherwise affect any of the powers, duties,
responsibilities or obligations of the Trustee as set forth in this Indenture,
and the Company agrees to indemnify the Trustee from, and hold it harmless
against, any loss, liability or expense (including the reasonable expenses of
the Trustee's counsel) arising out of or in connection with any such arrangement
for the purchase and conversion of any Notes between the Company and such
purchasers, including the costs and expenses (including the

                                       53
<PAGE>

reasonable expenses of the Trustee's counsel) incurred by the Trustee in the
defense of any claim or liability arising out of or in connection with the
exercise or performance of any of its powers, duties, responsibilities or
obligations under this Indenture.

                                   ARTICLE IV.

         COLLATERAL AND SECURITY DOCUMENTS AND GUARANTEES; AGREEMENTS IN
                             INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT

        Section 4.1.    Collateral and Security Documents and Guarantee
                        Agreement; Agreements in Intercreditor Agreement

        In order to secure the due and punctual payment of the Notes and the
other Obligations, (i) the Guarantors have entered into the Guarantee Agreement
and (ii) the Company and the Guarantors have entered into the Security Agreement
and the other Security Documents to create the Junior Liens on the Collateral in
accordance with the terms thereof. Pursuant to the provisions of the Security
Agreement, the other Security Documents and this Indenture, the rights and
remedies of the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes in the Collateral shall be
subordinate and subject to the rights and remedies of the holders of the Senior
Liens in accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement and the other
Security Documents. The rights of the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes under
the Notes and under the Guarantees are not subordinated except to the extent
specifically provided herein and in the Intercreditor Agreement and, in the case
of the Guarantee provided by RCN International Holdings, Inc. as provided in its
Guarantee.

                (a)     Each Holder of a Note, by accepting such Note, agrees to
        all the terms and provisions of this Indenture, the Guarantee Agreement
        and the Security Documents.

                (b)     The Collateral Agent is hereby authorized and directed
        by the Company and by each Holder by acceptance of a Note to enter into
        the Guarantee Agreement and the Security Documents, and to execute such
        agreements as attorney-in-fact on behalf of, and to bind, the holders,
        and take any and all actions required or permitted by the terms hereof
        and thereof.

        Section 4.2.    Application of Proceeds of Collateral and Guarantee
                        Payments.

        Upon any realization upon the Collateral by the Collateral Agent or
receipt of any payments under the Guarantee Agreement, the proceeds thereof
shall be applied in accordance with the terms of the Security Documents or the
Guarantee Agreement, as applicable, and the terms hereof.

        Section 4.3.    Possession, Use and Release of Collateral.

                (a)     Unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
        continuing, subject to the terms of the Security Documents, the Company
        and the Guarantors will have the right to remain in possession and
        retain exclusive control of the Collateral securing the Notes (other
        than any cash, securities, obligations and cash equivalents constituting
        part of the Collateral and deposited with the Collateral Agent in
        accordance with the

                                       54
<PAGE>

        provisions of the Security Documents and other than as set forth in the
        Security Documents), to freely operate the Collateral and to collect,
        invest and dispose of any income thereon subject to the terms and
        provisions of this Indenture.

                (b)     Each Holder, by accepting such Note, agrees that
        Collateral securing the Notes shall be automatically released to the
        extent and under the circumstances set forth in Section 5.1(a) of the
        Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents may be amended
        without the consent of the Trustee, the Collateral Agent or the Holders
        upon the terms and conditions set forth in Section 5.3 of the
        Intercreditor Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company
        shall provide to the Trustee and the Collateral Agent a copy of the
        amendment promptly after the effectiveness thereof.

                (c)     Notwithstanding the provisions set forth in this Section
        4.3, the Company and its Subsidiaries may, without any release or
        consent by the Collateral Agent or the Trustee, perform a number of
        activities in the ordinary course in respect of the Collateral to the
        extent permitted pursuant to the Security Documents and this Indenture.

                (d)     Each Holder, by accepting such Note, acknowledges that
        (except as otherwise provided in the Security Documents) (i) the
        Security Documents may provide that so long as the First-Lien
        Obligations (or any commitments or letters of credit in respect thereof)
        are outstanding, the holders thereof shall have the exclusive right and
        authority to control at all times all remedies and other actions related
        to the Collateral (including dispositions and releases thereof) and to
        change, waive, modify or vary the Security Documents and (ii) the
        holders of the First-Lien Obligations may (x) direct the Collateral
        Agent to take actions with respect to the Collateral (including the
        release of the Collateral and the manner of realization) without the
        consent of the Holders or the Trustee and (y) agree to modify the
        Security Documents, without the consent of the Holders or the Trustee,
        to secure additional Obligations and additional secured creditors so
        long as such modifications do not violate the provisions of this
        Indenture. Each Holder of a Note, by accepting such Note, directs the
        Collateral Agent to take such actions as directed by the holders of the
        First-Lien Obligations in accordance with this Section 4.3(d).

        Section 4.4.    Opinion of Counsel

        So long as the Security Documents have not been terminated in accordance
with the terms thereof or hereof, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee, so
long as such delivery is required by Section 314(b) of the Trust Indenture Act,
on the Closing Date and thereafter, at least annually, within 30 days of June 1
of each year (commencing with June 1, 2005), an Opinion of Counsel satisfying
the requirements of Section 314(b) of the Trust Indenture Act either stating
that in the opinion of such counsel, such action has been taken with respect to
the recording, filing, rerecording and refiling of this Indenture or any
Security Document as is necessary to maintain the Security Interests, and
reciting the details of such action, or stating that in the opinion of such
counsel, no such action is necessary to maintain the effectiveness of such
Security Interests.

                                       55
<PAGE>

        Section 4.5.    Further Assurances

        The Company and the Guarantors shall, each at its own expense, make,
execute, endorse, acknowledge, file and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent from
time to time such lists, descriptions and designations of its Collateral,
warehouse receipts, receipts in the nature of warehouse receipts, bills of
lading, documents of title, vouchers, invoices, schedules, confirmatory
assignments, conveyances, financing statements, transfer endorsements, powers of
attorney, certificates, reports and other assurances or instruments and take
such further steps relating to the Collateral and other property or rights
covered by the Security Interests, as are reasonably necessary to perfect,
preserve or protect the Collateral Agent's Security Interest in the Collateral.

        Section 4.6.    Trust Indenture Act Requirements

        The release of any Collateral from the Junior Lien of any of the
Security Documents or the release of, in whole or in part, the Junior Liens
created by any of the Security Documents, will not be deemed to impair the
Security Interests in contravention of the provisions hereof if and to the
extent the Collateral or Junior Liens are released pursuant to the applicable
Security Documents and pursuant to the terms hereof. Each Holder of the Notes
acknowledges that a release of Collateral or Liens strictly in accordance with
the terms of the Security Documents and the terms hereof will not be deemed for
any purpose to be an impairment of the Security Documents or otherwise contrary
to the terms of this Indenture. The Company and the Guarantor shall comply with
Trust Indenture Act Section 314(d) (to the extent applicable) relating to the
release of property or securities from the Junior Lien hereof but only to the
extent required by the Trust Indenture Act; provided that, to the extent
permitted by applicable law, any failure by the Company or any Guarantor shall
not affect or impair the validity of any release made in accordance with the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        Section 4.7.    Suits to Protect Collateral

        Subject to the provisions of the Security Documents, the Holders of a
majority in principal amount of Outstanding Notes shall have the authority to
direct the Collateral Agent to institute and to maintain such suits and
proceedings as the Trustee may deem expedient to prevent any impairment of the
Collateral by any acts that may be unlawful or in violation of any of the
Security Documents or this Indenture, and such suits and proceedings as may be
expedient to preserve or protect the Trustee's interests and the interests of
the holders of the Notes in the Collateral (including suits or proceedings to
restrain the enforcement of or compliance with any legislative or other
governmental enactment, rule or order that may be unconstitutional or otherwise
invalid if the enforcement of, or compliance with, such enactment, rule or order
would impair the Security Interests or be prejudicial to the interests of the
holders of the Notes).

        Section 4.8.    Purchaser Protected

        In no event shall any purchaser in good faith or other transferee of any
property purported to be released hereunder be bound to ascertain the authority
of the Holders to direct the Collateral Agent to execute the release or to
inquire as to the satisfaction of any conditions required by the provisions
hereof for the exercise of such authority or to see to the application of any
consideration given by such purchaser or other transferee; nor shall any
purchaser or other

                                       56
<PAGE>

transferee of any property or rights permitted to be sold by this Article IV, be
under obligation to ascertain or inquire into the authority of the Company or
the Guarantors, as applicable, to make any such sale or other transfer.

        Section 4.9.    Powers Exercisable by Receiver or Trustee

        In case the Collateral shall be in the possession of a receiver or
trustee, lawfully appointed, the powers conferred in this Article IV, upon the
Company or the Guarantors, as applicable, with respect to the release, sale or
other disposition of such property may be exercised by such receiver or trustee,
and an instrument signed by such receiver or trustee shall be deemed the
equivalent of any similar instrument of the Company or the Guarantors, as
applicable, or of any officer or officers thereof required by the provisions of
this Article IV.

        Section 4.10.   Release upon Termination of Company's Obligations

        In the event that the Company delivers an Officers' Certificate and
Opinion of Counsel certifying that (a) its obligations under this Indenture have
been satisfied and discharged by complying with the provisions of Article XIII
or the applicable provisions of Article XVII, the Trustee shall, or shall cause
the Collateral Agent to, (i) execute, deliver and authorize such releases,
termination statements and other instruments (in recordable form, where
appropriate) as the Company or the Guarantors, as applicable, may reasonably
request to evidence the termination of the Security Interests created by the
Security Documents (at the sole expense of the Company or such Guarantor) and
(ii) not be deemed to hold the Security Interests for its benefit and the
benefit of the holders of the Notes.

        Section 4.11.   Limitation on Duty of Trustee in Respect of Collateral

                (a)     Beyond the exercise of reasonable care in the custody
        thereof, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent shall have no duty under
        this Indenture as to any Collateral in its possession or control or in
        the possession or control of any agent or bailee or any income thereon
        or as to preservation of rights against prior parties or any other
        rights pertaining thereto and neither the Trustee nor the Collateral
        Agent shall be responsible for filing any financing or continuation
        statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public
        office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting or maintaining the
        perfection of any security interest in the Collateral. The Trustee and
        the Collateral Agent each shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable
        care in the custody of the Collateral in its possession if the
        Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to that which it
        accords its own property and shall not be liable or responsible for any
        loss or diminution in the value of any of the Collateral, by reason of
        the act or omission of any carrier, forwarding agency or other agent or
        bailee selected by the Trustee or the Collateral Agent in good faith.

                (b)     Neither the Trustee nor the Collateral Agent shall be
        responsible for the existence, genuineness or value of any of the
        Collateral or for the validity, perfection, priority or enforceability
        of the Liens in any of the Collateral, whether impaired by operation of
        law or by reason of any action or omission to act on its part hereunder,
        for the validity or sufficiency of the Collateral or any agreement or
        assignment contained

                                       57
<PAGE>

        therein, for the validity of the title of the Company to the Collateral,
        for insuring the Collateral or for the payment of taxes, charges,
        assessments or Liens upon the Collateral or otherwise as to the
        maintenance of the Collateral. The Trustee shall have no duty to
        ascertain or inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the
        terms of this Indenture or the Security Documents by the Company or the
        Collateral Agent.

        Section 4.12.   Authorization of Trustee

        The Trustee and the Collateral Agent are hereby authorized to enter
into, or cause any co-collateral agent to enter into, any Security Document or
any other document necessary or appropriate in connection with any such Security
Document. The Trustee and the Collateral Agent shall have no duty to act outside
of the United States in respect of any Collateral located in any jurisdiction
other than the United States ("Foreign Collateral") but shall to the extent
required to create Liens on the Foreign Collateral, or on part thereof, for the
benefit of the holders and at the specific request of the Company, appoint for
and on behalf of the holders one of more co-collateral agents to act on behalf
of the holders with respect to such Foreign Collateral.

        Section 4.13.   Intercreditor Agreement Controls

        Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Lien and security
interest granted to the Trustee and the Collateral Agent pursuant to this
Indenture and the exercise of any right or remedy by the Trustee hereunder are
subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any
conflict between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Indenture,
the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement will govern and the Noteholders are
subject to the agreements made by the Collateral Agent on their behalf in the
Intercreditor Agreement but no such agreement shall obligate any Noteholder to
purchase additional Notes.

        Section 4.14.   Liability of the Collateral Agent.

                (a)     Neither the Collateral Agent nor any of its respective
officers, directors, employees or agents shall be liable for failure to demand,
collect or realize upon any of the Collateral or for any delay in doing so or
shall be under any obligation to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral
upon the request of any other Person or to take any other action whatsoever with
regard to the Collateral or any part thereof. The powers conferred on the
Collateral Agent hereunder are solely to protect the Collateral Agent's interest
in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon the Collateral Agent to
exercise any such powers. The Collateral Agent shall be accountable only for
amounts that it actually receives as a result of the exercise of such powers,
and neither the Collateral Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees
or agents shall be responsible for any act or failure to act under the Security
Documents, except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct.

                (b)     The Collateral Agent is authorized and directed to (i)
enter into the Guarantee Agreement and the Security Documents (including,
without limitation, the Intercreditor Agreement), (ii) bind the Holders on the
terms as set forth therein and (iii) perform and observe its obligations under
the Guarantee Agreement and the Security Documents (including, without
limitation, the Intercreditor Agreement).

                                       58
<PAGE>

        The provisions of this Section 4.14 are subject to Section 33 of the
Pledge Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE V.

                                    COVENANTS

        Section 5.1.    Payment of Principal, Premium and Interest.

        The Company shall duly and punctually pay the principal of, premium, if
any, and interest on the Notes and Liquidated Damages in accordance with the
terms of the Notes and this Indenture.

        Section 5.2.    Maintenance of Office or Agency.

        The Company shall maintain in the Borough of Manhattan in The City of
New York, State of New York, an office or agency (the "Paying Agent") where
Notes may be presented or surrendered for payment, where Notes may be
surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange and where notices and
demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be
served. The office of the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office will be such
office or agency of the Company, unless the Company shall designate and maintain
some other office or agency for one or more of such purposes. The Company will
give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any change in the location of any
such office or agency. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any
such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the
address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made
or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and the Company hereby
appoints the Trustee as its agent to receive all such presentations, surrenders,
notices and demands.

        The Company may also from time to time designate one or more other
offices or agencies (in or outside of The City of New York, State of New York)
where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes,
and may from time to time rescind such designation; provided, however, that no
such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its
obligation to maintain an office or agency in The City of New York, State of New
York for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the
Trustee of any such designation or rescission and any change in the location of
any such other office or agency.

        The Company may have one or more co-registrars and one or more
additional Paying Agents. The term "Paying Agent" includes any additional Paying
Agent. The Company may act as its own Paying Agent, except for the purposes of
payments on account of principal on the Notes pursuant to Sections 5.10 and
5.15.

        The Company shall enter into an appropriate agency agreement with any
Paying Agent not a party to this Indenture, which shall incorporate the
provisions of the Trust Indenture Act. The agreement shall implement the
provisions of this Indenture that relate to such Paying Agent. The Company shall
notify the Trustee of the name and address of any such Paying Agent. If the
Company fails to maintain a Note Registrar or Paying Agent, or fails to give the
foregoing

                                       59
<PAGE>

notice, the Trustee shall act as such and shall be entitled to appropriate
compensation in accordance with Section 8.6.

        The Company initially appoints the Trustee as the Note Registrar and
Paying Agent and agent for service of notices and demands in connection with the
Notes.

        Section 5.3.    Money for Note Payments To Be Held in Trust.

        If the Company shall at any time act as its own Paying Agent, it will,
on or before each due date of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on
any of the Notes, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Holders
entitled thereto a sum sufficient to pay the principal, premium, if any, or
interest so becoming due until such sums shall be paid to such Persons or
otherwise disposed of as herein provided, and will promptly notify the Trustee
of its action or failure so to act.

        If the Company is not acting as Paying Agent, the Company will, on or
before each due date of the principal of, premium, if any, or interest on, any
Notes, deposit with a Paying Agent a sum in same day funds sufficient to pay the
principal, premium, if any, or interest so becoming due, such sum to be held in
trust for the benefit of the Holders entitled to such principal, premium or
interest, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will
promptly notify the Trustee of such action or any failure so to act.

        If the Company is not acting as Paying Agent, the Company will cause
each Paying Agent other than the Trustee to execute and deliver to the Trustee
an instrument in which such Paying Agent will agree with the Trustee, subject to
the provisions of this Section 5.3, that such Paying Agent will:

                (a)     hold all sums held by it for the payment of the
        principal of, premium, if any, or interest on Notes in trust for the
        benefit of the Holders entitled thereto until such sums shall be paid to
        such Holders or otherwise disposed of as herein provided;

                (b)     give the Trustee notice of any Default by the Company
        (or any other obligor upon the Notes) in the making of any payment of
        principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes;

                (c)     at any time during the continuance of any such Default,
        upon the written request of the Trustee, forthwith pay to the Trustee
        all sums so held in trust by such Paying Agent; and

                (d)     acknowledge, accept and agree to comply in all aspects
        with the provisions of this Indenture relating to the duties, rights and
        liabilities of such Paying Agent.

        The Company may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, pay, or
by Company Order direct any Paying Agent to pay, to the Trustee all sums held in
trust by the Company or such Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Trustee
upon the same trusts as those upon which such sums were

                                       60
<PAGE>

held by the Company or such Paying Agent; and, upon such payment by any Paying
Agent to the Trustee, such Paying Agent will be released from all further
liability with respect to such money.

        Any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held
by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of, premium, if any,
or interest on any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such
principal, premium, if any, or interest has become due and payable shall be paid
to the Company upon receipt of a Company Request therefor, or (if then held by
the Company) will be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note
will thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for
payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with
respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Company as trustee
thereof, will thereupon cease; provided, however, that the Trustee or such
Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, may at the
expense of the Company cause to be published once, at the option of the Company
in the The New York Times or The Wall Street Journal (national edition) or mail
to each such Holder or both, notice that such money remains unclaimed and that,
after a date specified therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the
date of such publication or mailing, any unclaimed balance of such money then
remaining shall be repaid to the Company.

        Section 5.4.    Corporate Existence.

        Subject to Article XII, the Company shall do or cause to be done all
things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect the corporate
existence, rights (charter and statutory), licenses and franchises of the
Company and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, however, that the
Company will not be required to preserve the existence (in the case of any
Restricted Subsidiary) or any such right, license or franchise (in the case of
the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary) if the Board of Directors shall
determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of
the business of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries as a whole or the
loss thereof would not be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse
Effect; provided, further, that the foregoing will not prohibit a sale, transfer
or conveyance of a Subsidiary of the Company or any of its assets in compliance
with the terms of this Indenture.

        Section 5.5.    Payment of Taxes and Other Claims.

        The Company shall pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged,
before the same shall become delinquent, (a) all material taxes, assessments and
governmental charges levied or imposed (i) upon the Company or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) upon the income, profits or property of the
Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries and (b) all material lawful claims
for labor, materials and supplies, which, if unpaid, could reasonably be
expected to become a Lien upon the property of the Company or any of the
Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, however, that the Company will not be
required to pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged any such tax,
assessment, charge or claim (x) whose amount, applicability or validity is being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings properly instituted and
diligently conducted or (y) if the failure to so pay, discharge or cause to be
paid or discharged would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

                                       61
<PAGE>

        Section 5.6.    Maintenance of Properties.

        The Company will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to,
keep all property necessary to the business of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries taken as a whole in good working order and condition, ordinary wear
and tear excepted; provided that the foregoing covenant shall not be violated by
reason of any failures which, individually and in the aggregate would not be
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

        Section 5.7.    Insurance.

        (a)     The Company will, and will cause each of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance
companies insurance on all such property and against all such risks as is
consistent and in accordance with industry practice for companies similarly
situated owning similar properties and engaged in similar businesses as the
Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, and furnish to the Trustee, upon its
request therefor, full information as to the insurance carried. The provisions
of this Section 5.7 shall be deemed supplemental to, but not duplicative of, the
provisions of any Security Documents that require the maintenance of insurance.

        (b)     From and after the date of the Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations, the Company will, and will cause each of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to, at all times keep its property insured in favor of the
Collateral Agent, and all policies or certificates (or certified copies thereof)
with respect to such insurance (and to the extent requested by the Collateral
Agent (which request shall be made at the request of the Holders of at least 25%
of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Outstanding Notes
determined in accordance with Section 9.4) any other insurance maintained by the
Company and/or such Restricted Subsidiaries) (i) shall be endorsed to the
Collateral Agent's satisfaction for the benefit of the Collateral Agent
(including, without limitation, by naming the Collateral Agent as loss payee
and/or additional insured), (ii) shall state that such insurance policies shall
not be canceled without at least 30 days' prior written notice thereof by the
respective insurer to the Collateral Agent, (iii) shall provide that the
respective insurers irrevocably waive any and all rights of subrogation with
respect to the Collateral Agent and the other Secured Creditors, and (iv) shall
be deposited with the Collateral Agent.

        (c)     From and after the date of the Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations, if the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall fail to
maintain insurance in accordance with this Section 5.7, or if the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries shall fail to so endorse and deposit all policies or
certificates with respect thereto, the Trustee shall have the right (but shall
be under no obligation) to procure such insurance and the Company agrees to
reimburse the Trustee for all reasonable costs and expenses of procuring such
insurance.

        (d)     The rights under this Section 5.7 are subject to the provisions
of the Intercreditor Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 5.2
thereof).

                                       62
<PAGE>

        Section 5.8.    Books and Records.

        The Company shall keep proper books of record and account, in which full
and correct entries will be made of all material financial transactions and the
assets and business of the Company and each Restricted Subsidiary of the Company
in material compliance with GAAP.

        Section 5.9.    Provision of Financial Statements.

        The Company shall file with the SEC (so long as the SEC will accept any
such filings), the Trustee and the Holders the annual reports, quarterly reports
and other documents required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13
and 15 of the Exchange Act, whether or not the Company has a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act. The Company will also comply with the other
provisions of Section 314(a) of the Trust Indenture Act. The Company need not
file its Form 10-Q for the first fiscal quarter of 2005 until June 14, 2005 and
need not file its Form 10-K for 2004 until April 30, 2005 (such authorization to
delayed filing being herein called the "Delayed Filing Authorization").

        Section 5.10.   Change of Control.

        Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (the date of such occurrence
being the "Change of Control Date"), the Company shall make an offer to purchase
(the "Change of Control Offer"), on a business day (the "Change of Control
Payment Date") not later than 60 days following the Change of Control Date, all
Notes then outstanding at a purchase price equal to 101% (or, in the case of a
Special Change of Control which occurs on or prior to December 21, 2007, 107%)
of the principal amount thereof on any Change of Control Payment Date, plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to any Change of Control Payment Date.
Notice of a Change of Control Offer shall be given to Holders and the Trustee
not less than 25 days nor more than 45 days before the Change of Control Payment
Date. The Change of Control Offer is required to remain open for at least 20
business days and until the close of business on the Change of Control Payment
Date. Failure to mail the notice of a Change of Control Offer on the date
specified below or to have satisfied the foregoing condition precedent by the
date that such notice is required to be mailed will constitute a Default under
Section 7.1(c).

        Notice of a Change of Control Offer shall be mailed by the Company not
more than 20 Business Days after the Change of Control Date to the Holders of
Notes at their last registered addresses with a copy to the Trustee and the
Paying Agent. The Change of Control Offer shall remain open from the time of
mailing for at least 20 Business Days and until 5:00 p.m., New York City time,
on the Change of Control Payment Date. The notice, which shall govern the terms
of the Change of Control Offer, shall include such disclosures as are required
by law and shall state:

                (a)     that the Change of Control Offer is being made pursuant
        to this Section 5.10 and that all Notes tendered into the Change of
        Control Offer will be accepted for payment;

                (b)     the purchase price (including the amount of accrued
        interest, if any) for each Note, the Change of Control Payment Date and
        the date on which the Change of Control Offer expires;

                                       63
<PAGE>

                (c)     that any Note not tendered for payment will continue to
        accrue interest and Liquidated Damages in accordance with the terms
        thereof and continue to be convertible;

                (d)     that, unless the Company shall default in the payment of
        the purchase price, any Note accepted for payment pursuant to the Change
        of Control Offer shall cease to accrue interest and Liquidated Damages
        after the Change of Control Payment Date;

                (e)     that Holders electing to have Notes purchased pursuant
        to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender their Notes
        to the Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice prior to 5:00
        p.m., New York City time, on the Change of Control Payment Date and must
        complete any form letter of transmittal proposed by the Company and
        acceptable to the Trustee and the Paying Agent;

                (f)     that Holders of Notes will be entitled to withdraw their
        election if the Paying Agent receives, not later than 5:00 p.m., New
        York City time, on the Change of Control Payment Date, a facsimile
        transmission or letter setting forth the names of the relevant Holders,
        the principal amount of Notes the Holders delivered for purchase, the
        Note certificate number (if any) and a statement that such Holder is
        withdrawing his election to have such Notes purchased;

                (g)     that Holders whose Notes are purchased only in part will
        be issued Notes of like tenor equal in principal amount to the
        unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered;

                (h)     the instructions that Holders must follow in order to
        tender their Notes; and

                (i)     information concerning the business of the Company, the
        most recent annual and quarterly reports of the Company filed with the
        SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act (or, if the Company is not required to
        file any such reports with the SEC, the comparable reports prepared
        pursuant to Section 5.23), a description of material developments in the
        Company's business, information with respect to pro forma historical
        financial information after giving effect to such Change of Control and
        such other information concerning the circumstances and relevant facts
        regarding such Change of Control and Change of Control Offer as would,
        in the good faith judgment of the Company, be material to a Holder of
        Notes in connection with the decision of such Holder as to whether or
        not it should tender Notes pursuant to the Change of Control Offer.

        On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company will (i) accept for
payment Notes or portions thereof tendered pursuant to the Change of Control
Offer, (ii) deposit with the Paying Agent money, in immediately available funds,
sufficient to pay the purchase price of all Notes or portions thereof so
tendered and accepted and (iii) deliver to the Trustee the Notes so accepted
together with an Officers' Certificate setting forth the Notes or portions
thereof tendered to and accepted for payment by the Company. The Paying Agent
will promptly mail or deliver to the Holders of Notes so accepted payment in an
amount equal to the purchase price, and the Trustee

                                       64
<PAGE>

shall promptly authenticate and mail or deliver to such Holders a new Note of
like tenor equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Note
surrendered. Any Notes not so accepted shall be promptly mailed or delivered by
the Company to the Holder thereof. The Company will publicly announce the
results of the Change of Control Offer not later than the first Business Day
following the Change of Control Payment Date. The Company shall not be required
to make a Change of Control Offer following a Change of Control if a third party
makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in
compliance with the requirements applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by
the Company and purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under
such Change of Control Offer.

        If the Company is required to make a Change of Control Offer, the
Company will comply with all applicable tender offer laws and regulations,
including, to the extent applicable, Section 14(e) and Rule 14e-1 under the
Exchange Act, and any other applicable securities laws and regulations. To the
extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with
the provisions of this Section 5.10, the Company will comply with the applicable
securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its
obligations under this Section 5.10 by virtue thereof.

        Section 5.11.   Limitation on Additional Indebtedness; Offer to
                        Repurchase upon Incurrence of Indebtedness not Permitted

        The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary
to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume, issue, guarantee or in any
manner become directly or indirectly liable for or with respect to, contingently
or otherwise, the payment of (collectively to "incur") any Indebtedness
(including any Acquired Indebtedness), except for Permitted Indebtedness;
provided, that the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary will be permitted to
incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) if, immediately after
giving pro forma effect to such incurrence (including the application of the net
proceeds therefrom), the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio for the most
recent four full fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are
available immediately preceding the date on which such additional Indebtedness
is incurred would be at least 2.25 to 1.00 determined on a pro forma basis
(including a pro forma application of the net proceeds therefrom), as if the
additional Indebtedness had been issued and the application of proceeds
therefrom had occurred at the beginning of such four-quarter period. The Company
and any Restricted Subsidiary shall not be entitled to incur any Indebtedness
(other than Permitted Indebtedness) under the Consolidated Interest Coverage
Ratio test in this paragraph prior to the date on which internal financial
statements for the three full fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2005 are
available.

                For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 5.11,
in the event that an item of Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of
the types of Indebtedness permitted in the definition of Permitted Indebtedness
permitted by this covenant, the Company in its sole discretion shall classify
(and may reclassify) such item of Indebtedness and only be required to include
the amount of such Indebtedness as one of such types. Acquired Indebtedness
shall be deemed to have been incurred at the time of the acquisition (by merger
or otherwise) of the Person or asset subject to such Acquired Indebtedness.

                                       65
<PAGE>

                Without the consent of the Trustee (acting at the direction of
the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Outstanding Notes), the Company
will not amend or modify or permit the amendment or modification of the
Third-Lien Credit Agreement or, except as specifically provided in the
Intercreditor Agreement, amend or modify or permit the amendment or modification
of any other Third-Lien Credit Document.

        Section 5.12.   Statement by Officers as to Default; Notice of Certain
                        Defaults.

        The Company will deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end
of each fiscal year of the Company ending after the date hereof, a written
statement signed by the chairman or a chief executive officer, the principal
financial officer or principal accounting officer of the Company, stating (i)
that a review of the activities of the Company during the preceding fiscal year
has been made under the supervision of the signing officers with a view to
determining whether the Company has kept, observed, performed and fulfilled its
obligations under this Indenture, and (ii) that, to the knowledge of each
officer signing such certificate, the Company has kept, observed, performed and
fulfilled each and every covenant and condition contained in this Indenture and
is not in default in the performance or observance of any of the terms,
provisions, conditions and covenants hereof (or, if a Default shall have
occurred, describing all such Defaults of which such officers may have
knowledge, their status and what action the Company is taking or proposes to
take with respect thereto). When any Default under this Indenture has occurred
and is continuing, or if the Trustee or any Holder or the trustee for or the
holder of any other evidence of Indebtedness of the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary gives any notice or takes any other action with respect to a claimed
default (other than with respect to Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness
evidenced by the Notes) in the principal amount of less than $5.0 million), the
Company will promptly notify the Trustee of such Default, notice or action and
will deliver to the Trustee by registered or certified mail or by telegram, or
facsimile transmission followed by hard copy by registered or certified mail an
Officers' Certificate specifying such event, notice or other action within five
Business Days after the Company becomes aware of such occurrence and what action
the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

        The Company will deliver to the Trustee within 15 days after the
occurrence thereof written notice of any event with which the giving of notice
and the lapse of time would become an Event of Default under Section 7.1(i).

        Section 5.13.   Limitation on Restricted Payments.

        The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of the Restricted
Subsidiaries to, make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment unless:

                (i)     no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the
        time of or upon giving effect to such Restricted Payment;

                (ii)    immediately after giving effect to such Restricted
        Payment, the Company would be able to incur $1.00 of Indebtedness (other
        than Permitted Indebtedness) under Section 5.11 hereof; and

                                       66
<PAGE>

                (iii)   immediately after giving effect to such Restricted
        Payment, the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments declared or
        made on or after the Issue Date and all Designation Amounts does not
        exceed an amount equal to the sum of, without duplication, (a) 50% of
        the cumulative Consolidated Net Income accrued on a cumulative basis
        during the period beginning on the first day of the first fiscal quarter
        commencing after the Issue Date (being January 1, 2005) and ending on
        the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Company immediately preceding
        the date of such proposed Restricted Payment (or, if such cumulative
        Consolidated Net Income for such period is a deficit, minus 100% of such
        deficit), plus (b) the aggregate net cash proceeds received by the
        Company from the issue or sale (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary of
        the Company) of its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) after
        the Issue Date (including, without duplication, upon exercise of
        warrants, options or rights), plus (c) the aggregate net cash proceeds
        received by the Company from the issuance (other than to a Restricted
        Subsidiary of the Company) after the Issue Date of its Capital Stock
        (other than Disqualified Stock) upon the conversion of, or exchange for,
        Indebtedness of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, plus (d) in the
        case of the disposition or repayment of any Investment constituting a
        Restricted Payment (other than an Investment made pursuant to clause
        (d), (e) or (f) of the following paragraph) made after the Issue Date,
        an amount equal to the lesser of the return of capital with respect to
        such Investment and the cost of such Investment, in either case, less
        the cost of the disposition of such Investment to the extent such cost
        is in excess of any gain in respect of the disposition, plus (e) in the
        case of any Revocation of the Designation of a Subsidiary as an
        Unrestricted Subsidiary, an amount equal to the consolidated net
        Investment in such Subsidiary on the date of Revocation but not in an
        amount exceeding the net amount of any Investments constituting
        Restricted Payments made (or deemed made) in such Subsidiary after the
        Issue Date. For purposes of the preceding clauses (b) and (c) and
        without duplication, the value of the aggregate net cash proceeds
        received by the Company upon the issuance of Capital Stock either upon
        the conversion of convertible Indebtedness or in exchange for
        outstanding Indebtedness or upon the exercise of options, warrants or
        rights will be the net cash proceeds received upon the issuance of such
        Indebtedness, options, warrants or rights plus the incremental amount
        received by the Company upon the conversion, exchange or exercise
        thereof.

For purposes of determining the amount expended for Restricted Payments, cash
distributed shall be valued at the face amount thereof and property other than
cash shall be valued at its Fair Market Value.

        The provisions of this Section 5.13 shall not prohibit (each of which
shall be given independent effect):

                (a)     the payment of any dividend or other distribution within
        60 days after the date of declaration thereof, if at such date of
        declaration such payment would comply with the provisions of this
        Indenture;

                (b)     so long as no Default shall have occurred and be
        continuing, the purchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition of
        any shares of Capital Stock of the Company (A) in exchange for or
        conversion into or (B) out of the net cash proceeds of

                                       67
<PAGE>

        the substantially concurrent issue and sale (other than to a Restricted
        Subsidiary) of shares of Capital Stock of the Company (other than
        Disqualified Stock); provided that any such net cash proceeds pursuant
        to the immediately preceding subclause (B) are excluded from clause
        (iii)(b) of the preceding paragraph;

                (c)     so long as no Default shall have occurred and be
        continuing, the purchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or
        retirement for value of Subordinated Indebtedness made by exchange for
        (including any such exchange pursuant to the exercise of a conversion
        right or privilege in which cash is paid in lieu of fractional shares or
        scrip), or out of the net cash proceeds of, a substantially concurrent
        issue or sale (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary) of (A) Capital
        Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company; provided that any
        such net cash proceeds, to the extent so used, are excluded from clause
        (iii)(b) of the preceding paragraph, and/or (B) other Subordinated
        Indebtedness, having an Average Life to Stated Maturity that is equal to
        or greater than the Average Life to Stated Maturity of the Subordinated
        Indebtedness being purchased, redeemed, defeased or otherwise acquired
        or retired;

                (d)     so long as no Special Default shall have occurred and be
        continuing, Investments constituting a Restricted Payment made by the
        Company or any Restricted Subsidiary in any Person (including any
        Unrestricted Subsidiary) in an amount not to exceed $10,000,000;

                (e)     so long as no Default shall have occurred and be
        continuing, the making of a direct or indirect Investment constituting a
        Restricted Payment out of the proceeds of the issue or sale (other than
        to a Subsidiary) of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the
        Company; provided that any such net cash proceeds are excluded from
        clause (iii)(b) of the preceding paragraph; or

                (f)     so long as no Default or Event of Default exists at the
        time of the respective Restricted Payment or would exist immediately
        after giving effect thereto, Restricted Payments by the Company
        consisting of a redemption or repurchase of Equity Interests of the
        Company from officers, employees and directors of the Company or its
        Subsidiaries (or their estates) after the death, disability, retirement
        or termination of employment or service as a director of any such
        Person, or otherwise in accordance with any stock option plan or any
        employee stock ownership plan that has been approved by the Board of
        Directors of the Company provided that the aggregate amount of
        Restricted Payments made by the Company pursuant to this clause (f), and
        the aggregate amount paid shall not (net of any proceeds received by the
        Company from issuances of its Equity Interests and contributed to the
        Company in connection with such redemption or repurchase) exceed either
        (x) during any fiscal year of the Company, $5,500,000 or (y) for all
        periods after the Issue Date (taken as a single period), $7,500,000.

        Restricted Payments of the type set forth in the preceding clause (d)
and (f) shall be included in making the determination of available amounts under
clause (iii) of the preceding paragraph to the extent they are outstanding.

                                       68
<PAGE>

        In no event shall a Restricted Payment made on the basis of consolidated
financial statements prepared in good faith in accordance with GAAP be subject
to rescission or constitute a Default by reason of any requisite subsequent
restatement of such financial statements which would have made such Restricted
Payment prohibited at the time that it was made.

        Section 5.14.   Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates.

        The Company shall not, and shall not permit, cause or suffer any
Restricted Subsidiary to, conduct any business or enter into any transaction (or
series of related transactions which are similar or part of a common plan) with
or for the benefit of any of their respective Affiliates or any beneficial
holder of 10% or more of the Common Stock of the Company or any officer or
director of the Company (each, an "Affiliate Transaction"), unless the terms of
the Affiliate Transaction are set forth in writing, and are fair and reasonable
to the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be. Each Affiliate
Transaction involving aggregate payments or other Fair Market Value in excess of
$5,000,000 must be approved by a majority of the Disinterested Directors or by
the Board of Directors, such approval to be evidenced by a Board Resolution
stating that the Board of Directors has determined that such transaction or
transactions comply with the foregoing provisions provided that, in lieu of such
approval by the Disinterested Directors, the Company may obtain a written
opinion from an Independent Financial Advisor stating that the terms of such
Affiliate Transaction to the Company or the Restricted Subsidiary, as the case
may be, are fair from a financial point of view. In addition to the foregoing,
the Company shall obtain, with respect to each Affiliate Transaction involving
aggregate consideration of $25,000,000 a written opinion from an Independent
Financial Advisor stating that the terms of such Affiliate Transaction to the
Company or the Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, are fair from a
financial point of view. For purposes of this covenant but without limiting the
requirements of the two preceding sentences, when any Affiliate Transaction
approved by a majority of the Disinterested Directors or as to which a written
opinion has been obtained from an Independent Financial Advisor, on the basis
set forth in the preceding sentences, such Affiliate Transaction shall be deemed
to be on terms that are fair and reasonable to the Company and the Restricted
Subsidiaries, as the case may be, and therefore shall be permitted under this
covenant.

        Notwithstanding the foregoing, the restrictions set forth in this
covenant shall not apply to (i) transactions with or among, or solely for the
benefit of, the Company and/or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, (ii)
transactions under the First-Lien Credit Documents (as defined in the
Intercreditor Agreement), the Note Purchase Agreement and the Registration
Rights Agreement and other Transaction Documents, (iii dividends paid by the
Company pursuant to and in compliance with this Section 5.14, (iv) customary
directors' fees, indemnification and similar arrangements, consulting fees,
employee salaries bonuses, employment agreements and arrangements, compensation
or employee benefit arrangements or legal fees, (v) grants of customary
registration rights with respect to securities of the Company and (vi)
Restricted Payments permitted under Section 5.13 provided that any Investments
and purchases constituting Restricted Payments must be fair and reasonable to
the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be.

                                       69
<PAGE>

        Section 5.15.   Disposition of Proceeds of Asset Sales.

        The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary
to, make any Asset Sale unless (a) the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as
the case may be, receives consideration at the time of such Asset Sale at least
equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares or assets sold or otherwise
disposed of and (b) at least 75% of such consideration consists of cash or Cash
Equivalents; provided that the amount of any liabilities (other than
Subordinated Indebtedness or Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that would
not constitute Restricted Subsidiary Indebtedness) that are assumed by the
transferee of any such assets pursuant to an agreement that unconditionally
releases the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, from
further liability shall be treated as cash for purposes of this Section 5.15.
The Company or the applicable Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, may (i)
apply the Net Cash Proceeds from any such Asset Sale by the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary within 365 days of the receipt thereof (x) to repay an
amount of Indebtedness (other than Subordinated Indebtedness and First-Lien
Obligations) of the Company in an amount not exceeding the Other Senior Debt Pro
Rata Share (computed after giving effect to any amount of Net Cash Proceeds used
to repay First-Lien Obligations pursuant to clause (y) below) and elect to
permanently reduce the amount of the commitments thereunder by the amount of the
Indebtedness so repaid or (y) to repay First-Lien Obligations, (ii) apply the
Net Cash Proceeds from such Asset Sale by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary
to repay any Restricted Subsidiary Indebtedness and elect to permanently reduce
the commitments thereunder by the amount of the Indebtedness so repaid or (iii)
apply the Net Cash Proceeds from any Asset Sale by the Company or a Restricted
Subsidiary within 365 days thereof, to an investment in properties and assets
that will be used in a Permitted Business (or in Capital Stock and other
securities of any Person that will become a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of
such investment to the extent such Person owns properties and assets that will
be used in a Permitted Business) of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary
("Replacement Assets"). Any Net Cash Proceeds from any Asset Sale that are
neither used as described in clause (i)(x) of the preceding sentence or to
repay, and permanently reduce the commitments under, any Restricted Subsidiary
Indebtedness as set forth in clause (ii) of the preceding sentence or invested
in Replacement Assets within the 365-day period as set forth in clause (iii)
shall constitute "Excess Proceeds." Any Excess Proceeds not used as set forth in
clause (i)(y) of the second preceding sentence shall constitute "Offer Excess
Proceeds" subject to disposition as provided below.

        When the aggregate amount of Offer Excess Proceeds equals or exceeds
$10.0 million, the Company shall make an offer to purchase (an "Asset Sale
Offer"), from all Holders issued under this Indenture, that aggregate principal
amount of Notes as can be purchased by application of such Offer Excess Proceeds
at a price in cash equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof plus, in each
case, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the purchase date. Each Asset Sale
Offer shall remain open for a period of 20 business days or such longer period
as may be required by law. To the extent that the aggregate purchase price for
the applicable issue of Notes tendered pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer is less
than the Offer Excess Proceeds, the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary may use
such deficiency for general corporate purposes. If the aggregate purchase price
for the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by holders thereof exceeds the
amount of Notes which can be purchased with the Offer Excess Proceeds, Notes to
be purchased will be selected on a pro rata basis. Upon completion of such Asset
Sale Offer, the amount of Offer Excess Proceeds shall be reset to zero.

                                       70
<PAGE>

        Notwithstanding the two immediately preceding paragraphs, the Company
and the Restricted Subsidiaries will be permitted to consummate an Asset Sale
without complying with such paragraphs to the extent (i) at least 75% of the
consideration of such Asset Sale constitutes Replacement Assets, cash or Cash
Equivalents (including obligations deemed to be cash under this covenant) and
(ii) such Asset Sale is for Fair Market Value; provided that any consideration
constituting (or deemed to constitute) cash or Cash Equivalents received by the
Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any Asset Sale
permitted to be consummated under this paragraph shall constitute Net Cash
Proceeds subject to the provisions of the two preceding paragraphs.

        Notice of an Asset Sale Offer shall be mailed by the Company not more
than 20 Business Days after the obligation to make such Asset Sale Offer arises
to the Holders of Notes at their last registered addresses with a copy to the
Trustee and the Paying Agent. The Asset Sale Offer shall remain open from the
time of mailing for at least 20 Business Days and until 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, on the date fixed for Purchase of Notes validly tendered and not
withdrawn, which date shall be not later than the 30th Business Day following
the mailing of such Asset Sale Offer (the "Asset Sale Offer Purchase Date"). The
notice, which shall govern the terms of the Asset Sale Offer, shall include such
disclosures as are required by law and shall state:

                (a)     that the Asset Sale Offer is being made pursuant to this
        Section 5.15 and that the Asset Sale Offer shall remain open for a
        period of 20 Business Days or such longer period as may be required by
        law;

                (b)     the purchase price (including the amount of accrued
        interest, if any) for each Note, the Asset Sale Offer Purchase Date and
        the date on which the Asset Sale Offer expires;

                (c)     that any Note not tendered for payment will continue to
        accrue interest and Liquidated Damages in accordance with the terms
        thereof and will continue to be convertible;

                (d)     that, unless the Company shall default in the payment of
        the purchase price, any Note accepted for payment pursuant to the Asset
        Sale Offer shall cease to accrue interest and Liquidated Damages after
        the Asset Sale Offer Purchase Date;

                (e)     that Holders electing to have Notes purchased pursuant
        to an Asset Sale Offer will be required to surrender their Notes to the
        Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice prior to 5:00 p.m.,
        New York City time, on the Asset Sale Offer Purchase Date and must
        complete any form letter of transmittal proposed by the Company and
        acceptable to the Trustee and the Paying Agent;

                (f)     that Holders of Notes will be entitled to withdraw their
        election if the Paying Agent receives, not later than 5:00 p.m., New
        York City time, on the Asset Sale Offer Purchase Date, a facsimile
        transmission or letter setting forth the names of the relevant Holders,
        the principal amount of Notes the Holders delivered for purchase, the

                                       71
<PAGE>

        Note certificate number (if any) and a statement that such Holder is
        withdrawing his election to have such Notes purchased;

                (g)     that Holders whose Notes are purchased only in part will
        be issued Notes of like tenor equal in principal amount to the
        unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered;

                (h)     the instructions that Holders must follow in order to
        tender their Notes; and

                (i)     information concerning the business of the Company, the
        most recent annual and quarterly reports of the Company filed with the
        Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act (or, if the Company is not
        required to file any such reports with the SEC, the comparable reports
        prepared pursuant to Section 5.23), a description of material
        developments in the Company's business, information with respect to pro
        forma historical financial information after giving effect to such Asset
        Sale and such other information concerning the circumstances and
        relevant facts regarding such Asset Sale and Asset Sale Offer as would,
        in the good faith judgment of the Company, be material to a Holder of
        Notes in connection with the decision of such Holder as to whether or
        not it should tender Notes pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer.

        On the Asset Sale Offer Purchase Date, the Company will (i) accept for
payment Notes or portions thereof tendered pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer,
(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent money, in immediately available funds,
sufficient to pay the purchase price of all Notes or portions thereof so
tendered and accepted and (iii) deliver to the Trustee the Notes so accepted
together with an Officers' Certificate setting forth the Notes or portions
thereof tendered to and accepted for payment by the Company. The Paying Agent
will promptly mail or deliver to the Holders of Notes so accepted payment in an
amount equal to the purchase price, and the Trustee shall promptly authenticate
and mail or deliver to such Holders a new Note of like tenor equal in principal
amount to any unpurchased portion of the Note surrendered. Any Notes not so
accepted shall be promptly mailed or delivered by the Company to the Holder
thereof. The Company will publicly announce the results of the Asset Sale Offer
not later than the first Business Day following the Asset Sale Offer Purchase
Date.

        If the Company is required to make an Asset Sale Offer, the Company
shall comply with all applicable tender offer rules, including to the extent
applicable, Section 14(e) and Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act, and any other
applicable securities laws or regulations.

        Section 5.16.   Limitation on Liens.

        The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary
to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind against or
upon any property or assets of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, or any proceeds therefrom, other than Permitted
Liens.

                                       72
<PAGE>

        Section 5.17.   Limitation on Business.

        The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to, engage in any business other than the businesses engaged in by
the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the Issue Date and reasonable
extensions thereof and businesses ancillary or complementary thereto (a
"Permitted Business").

        Section 5.18.   Limitation on Certain Guarantees and Indebtedness of
                        Restricted Subsidiaries; Domestic Restricted
                        Subsidiaries to Become Guarantors and Provide Collateral

                (a)     Each Domestic Restricted Subsidiary on the Issue Date
shall, and each Person (including Starpower upon the consummation of the
Starpower Acquisition) who becomes a Domestic Subsidiary at any time after the
Issue Date shall within one Business Day of becoming a Domestic Restricted
Subsidiary, execute and deliver the Guarantee Agreement or a counterpart thereof
to the Trustee together with an Opinion of Counsel stating that such Guarantor
is validly existing, has the corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver such Guarantee Agreement or counterpart, has duly executed and delivered
such Guarantee Agreement or counterpart and such Guarantee constitutes the
legal, valid and binding obligation of such Guarantor enforceable in accordance
with its terms (subject to such usual and customary exceptions as shall be set
forth in such Opinion of Counsel). Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the
Discharge of First-Lien Obligations, no Domestic Restricted Subsidiary shall be
required to execute and deliver a Guarantee Agreement or counterpart thereof if
it is not required to do so under the First-Lien Credit Documents (as defined in
the Intercreditor Agreement).

                (b)     Each guarantee of the Notes created pursuant to this
Section 5.18 is referred to as a "Guarantee" and the issuer of each such
Guarantee, so long as the Guarantee remains outstanding, is referred to as a
"Guarantor."

                (c)     Upon any sale or disposition (by merger or otherwise) of
any Guarantor by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary to any Person that is
not an Affiliate of the Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries which is
otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Indenture and as a result of
which such Guarantor ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, such
Guarantor will be deemed to be automatically and unconditionally released from
all obligations under its Guarantee; provided that each such Guarantor is sold
or disposed of in accordance with Section 5.15 hereof. The Guarantee of such
Guarantor shall, in any event, be released to the extent and under the
circumstances set forth in Section 5.1 of the Intercreditor Agreement.

                (d)     The Company will, and will cause each Domestic
Restricted Subsidiary, to grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Noteholders security interests and Mortgages in such assets, properties and
owned real properties having a fair market value (as reasonably estimated by the
Company) in excess of $1,000,000 (other than the New Jersey Property except as
set forth below) of the Company and such other Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries
as are not covered by the original Security Documents and as may be reasonably
requested pursuant to the terms of the First-Lien Documents and, after the date
of Discharge of First-Lien Obligations, by the Trustee (collectively, the
"Additional Security Documents"); provided that the Company and

                                       73
<PAGE>

Restricted Subsidiaries shall not be required to grant Liens on all assets that
are subject to express exclusions in the Security Documents until such
exclusions are no longer applicable ; provided, further that RCN Telecom
Services, Inc. shall be required pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5.18
to grant to the Collateral Agent a Mortgage in the New Jersey Property on or
prior to June 30, 2005 unless the New Jersey Property has otherwise been sold in
accordance with Section 5.15 on or prior to June 30, 2005 (or such later date as
may be set forth in the First-Lien Credit Agreement). All such security
interests and Mortgages shall be granted pursuant to documentation reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent under the
First-Lien Credit Documents and, after the date of Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations, the Trustee and shall constitute valid and enforceable perfected
security interests and Mortgages superior to and prior to the rights of all
third Persons and subject to no other Liens except for Permitted Liens. The
Additional Security Documents or instruments related thereto shall be duly
recorded or filed in such manner and in such places as are required by law to
establish, perfect, preserve and protect the Liens in favor of the Collateral
Agent required to be granted pursuant to the Additional Security Documents and
all taxes, fees and other charges payable in connection therewith shall be paid
in full. The Company shall make arrangements to ensure that all such
recordations and filings made pursuant to this Section 5.18(c) or any of the
Security Documents or Additional Security Documents are made at least one
Business Day before any equivalent recordations or filings are made pursuant to
the Third-Lien Credit Documents and the filings made be made one Business Day
after any equivalent recordation or filing is made pursuant to the First-Lien
Credit Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and its Restricted
Domestic Subsidiaries shall not be required to grant the Liens and take the
other actions in respect thereof under this clause (d) to the extent they are
not required to grant Liens and take such actions under the First-Lien
Documents. The Company shall, and shall cause its Restricted Domestic
Subsidiaries to, comply with such requirements (unless and to the extent waived
by the requisite lenders under the First-Lien Credit Agreement) contained in
Section 13.18 of the First-Lien Credit Agreement and shall take all such actions
as specified in Schedule XV of the First-Lien Credit Agreement, mutatis
muntandis, in favor of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Noteholders.

                (e)     From and after the date of the Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations, the Company will, and will cause each of the Domestic Restricted
Subsidiaries, at the expense of such Persons, to make, execute, endorse,
acknowledge, file and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent from time to time such
vouchers, invoices, schedules, confirmatory assignments, conveyances, financing
statements, transfer endorsements, powers of attorney, certificates, real
property surveys, reports, landlord waivers, bailee agreements, control
agreements and other assurances or instruments and take such further steps
relating to the Collateral covered by any of the Security Documents as the
Collateral Agent may reasonably require. Furthermore, from and after the date of
the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations, the Company will, and will cause the
Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries to, deliver to the Collateral Agent such
Opinions of Counsel, title insurance and other related documents as may be
reasonably requested by the Trustee to assure itself that this Section 5.18 has
been complied with.

                (f)     From and after the date of the Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations, the Company agrees that each action required by clauses (d) through
(e) of this Section 8.12 shall be completed as soon as possible, but in no event
later than 60 days after such action is requested to be taken by the Trustee;
provided that, in no event will the Company or any of its Restricted

                                       74
<PAGE>

Subsidiaries be required to take any action, other than using its commercially
reasonable efforts, to obtain consents from third parties with respect to its
compliance with this Section 5.18.

                (g)     To the extent required by the First-Lien Credit
Documents and at all times from and after the date of Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations, the Company shall at all times cause all of the equity interests of
the Megacable Entities which are owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to be directly owned by RCN International, Inc.

        Section 5.19.   Limitation on Issuances and Sales of Preferred Stock by
                        Restricted Subsidiaries.

        The Company (i) shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to issue any
Preferred Stock (other than to the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary) and (ii)
shall not permit any Person (other than the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary)
to own any Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary.

        Section 5.20.   Limitation on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions
                        Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries.

        The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary
to, directly or indirectly, create or otherwise enter into or cause to become
effective any consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction of any kind on
the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to (a) pay dividends, in cash or
otherwise, or make any other distributions on its Capital Stock or any other
interest or participation in, or measured by, its profits to the extent owned by
the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, (b) pay any Indebtedness owed to the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, (c) make any Investment in the Company or
any other Restricted Subsidiary or (d) transfer any of its properties or assets
to the Company or to any Restricted Subsidiary, except for (i) any encumbrance
or restriction in existence on the Issue Date and set forth on Schedule 5.20,
(ii) any encumbrance or restriction set forth in any First-Lien Credit Document
and any other Indebtedness of the type described in clauses (i) (ii) or (vii) of
the definition of the term "Indebtedness" so long as such encumbrances and
restrictions are not materially less favorable to the Holders than those under
the First-Lien Credit Documents, (iii) customary non-assignment provisions, (iv)
any encumbrance or restriction pertaining to an asset subject to a Lien to the
extent set forth in the security documentation governing such Lien, (v) any
encumbrance or restriction applicable to a Restricted Subsidiary at the time
that it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary that is not created in contemplation
thereof, (vi) any encumbrance or restriction existing under any agreement that
refinances or replaces an agreement containing a restriction permitted by clause
(iv) above; provided that the terms and conditions of any such encumbrance or
restriction are not materially less favorable to the Holders than those under or
pursuant to the agreement being replaced or the agreement evidencing the
Indebtedness refinanced, (vii) any encumbrance or restriction imposed upon a
Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement which has been entered into for
the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or
assets of such Restricted Subsidiary or any Asset Sale to the extent limited to
the Capital Stock or assets in question, and (viii) any customary encumbrance or
restriction applicable to a Restricted Subsidiary that is contained in an
agreement or instrument governing or relating to Indebtedness permitted to be
incurred by one or more Restricted Subsidiaries hereunder; provided that
(subject to customary net worth, leverage, invested capital

                                       75
<PAGE>

and other financial covenants) the provisions of such agreement permit the
payment of interest and principal and mandatory repurchases pursuant to the
terms of this Indenture and the Notes and other indebtedness that is solely an
obligation of the Company; provided further that such agreement may contain
customary covenants regarding the merger of or sale of all or any substantial
part of the assets of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, customary
restrictions on transactions with affiliates, and customary subordination
provisions governing indebtedness owed to the Company or any Restricted
Subsidiary.

        Section 5.21.   Designations of Unrestricted Subsidiaries.

        The Company shall not designate any Subsidiary of the Company (other
than a newly created Subsidiary in which no Investment has previously been made)
as an "Unrestricted Subsidiary" under this Indenture (a "Designation") unless:

                (a)     no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the
        time of or after giving effect to such Designation;

                (b)     the Company would be able to incur $1.00 of Indebtedness
        (other than Permitted Indebtedness) under Section 5.11; and

                (c)     the Company would not be prohibited under this Indenture
        from making an Investment at the time of Designation (assuming the
        effectiveness of such Designation) in an amount (the "Designation
        Amount") equal to the Fair Market Value of the net Investment of the
        Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary in such Restricted Subsidiary
        on such date.

        In the event of any such Designation, the Company shall be deemed to
have made an Investment constituting a Restricted Payment pursuant to Section
5.13 hereof for all purposes of this Indenture in the Designation Amount.
Neither the Company nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall at any time (x) provide
a guarantee of, or similar credit support to, any Indebtedness of any
Unrestricted Subsidiary (including any undertaking, agreement or instrument
evidencing such Indebtedness); provided that the Company may pledge Capital
Stock or Indebtedness of any Unrestricted Subsidiary on a nonrecourse basis such
that the pledgee has no claim whatsoever against the Company other than to
obtain such pledged property, (y) be directly or indirectly liable for any
Indebtedness of any Unrestricted Subsidiary or (z) be directly or indirectly
liable for any other Indebtedness which provides that the holder thereof may
(upon notice, lapse of time or both) declare a default thereon (or cause the
payment thereof to be accelerated or payable prior to its final scheduled
maturity) upon the occurrence of a default with respect to any other
Indebtedness that is Indebtedness of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, including any
corresponding right to take enforcement action against such Unrestricted
Subsidiary, except in the case of clause (x) or (y) to the extent permitted
under Section 5.13 and Section 5.14 hereof.

        The Company will not revoke any Designation of a Subsidiary as an
Unrestricted Subsidiary (a "Revocation") unless:

                (a)     no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the
        time of and after giving effect to such Revocation; and

                                       76
<PAGE>

                (b)     all Liens and Indebtedness of such Unrestricted
        Subsidiary outstanding immediately following such Revocation would, if
        incurred at such time, have been permitted to be incurred for all
        purposes of this Indenture.

        All Designations and Revocations must be evidenced by Board Resolutions
delivered to the Trustee certifying compliance with the foregoing provisions.

        Section 5.22.   Compliance Certificates and Opinions.

        Upon any application or request by the Company to the Trustee to take
any action under any provision of this Indenture, the Company will furnish to
the Trustee an Officers' Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if
any, provided for in this Indenture (including any covenants compliance with
which constitutes a condition precedent) relating to the proposed action have
been complied with, and an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of
such counsel all such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with,
except that, in the case of any such application or request as to which the
furnishing of such documents, certificates and/or opinions is specifically
required by any provision of this Indenture relating to such particular
application or request, no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished.

        Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition
or covenant provided for in this Indenture will include:

                (i)     a statement that each individual signing such
        certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition and the
        definitions herein relating thereto;

                (ii)    a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the
        examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions
        contained in such certificate or opinion are based;

                (iii)   a statement that, in the opinion of each such
        individual, he has made such examination or investigation as is
        necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether
        such covenant or condition has been complied with; and

                (iv)    a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such
        individual, such condition or covenant has been complied with.

        Section 5.23.   Reports.

        Subject to the Delayed Filing Authorization, the Company shall, whether
or not it has a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act, furnish
without cost to each Holder (in sufficient quantities for distribution to
beneficial holders) and file with the Trustee and the SEC, (i) within the
applicable time period required under the Exchange Act, after the end of each
fiscal year of the Company, the information required by Form 10-K (or any
successor form thereto) under the Exchange Act with respect to such period, (ii)
within the applicable time period required under the Exchange Act after the end
of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company,
the information required by Form 10-Q (or any successor form thereto) under the
Exchange Act with respect to such period and (iii) any current reports on Form
8-K (or any successor forms) required to be filed under the Exchange Act.

                                       77
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VI.

          NOTEHOLDERS' LISTS AND REPORTS BY THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE

        Section 6.1.    Noteholders Lists

        The Company covenants and agrees that it will furnish or cause to be
furnished to the Trustee, semi-annually, not more than fifteen (15) days after
each July 1 and January 1 in each year beginning with July 1, 2005 and at such
other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within thirty (30) days after
receipt by the Company of any such request (or such lesser time as the Trustee
may reasonably request in order to enable it to timely provide any notice to be
provided by it hereunder), a list, in such form as the Trustee may reasonably
require, of the names and addresses of the Holders of Notes as of a date not
more than fifteen (15) days (or such other date as the Trustee may reasonably
request in order to so provide any such notices) prior to the time such
information is furnished; provided, that no such list need be furnished so long
as the Trustee shall be the Note Registrar.

        Section 6.2.    Preservation and Disclosure of Lists

                (a)     The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is
        reasonably practicable, all information as to the names and addresses of
        the Holders of Notes contained in the most recent list furnished to it
        as provided in Section 6.1 or maintained by the Trustee in its capacity
        as Note Registrar, if so acting. The Trustee may destroy any list
        furnished to it as provided in Section 6.1 upon receipt of a new list so
        furnished.

                (b)     The rights of Noteholders to communicate with other
        holders of Notes with respect to their rights under this Indenture or
        under the Notes and the corresponding rights and duties of the Trustee,
        shall be as provided by the Trust Indenture Act.

                (c)     Every Noteholder, by receiving and holding the same,
        agrees with the Company and the Trustee that neither the Company nor the
        Trustee nor any agent of either of them shall be held accountable by
        reason of any disclosure of information as to names and addresses of
        holders of Notes made pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act.

        Section 6.3.    Reports by Trustee

        After this Indenture has been qualified under the Trust Indenture Act,
the Trustee shall transmit to holders of Notes such reports concerning the
Trustee and its actions under this Indenture as may be required pursuant to the
Trust Indenture Act at the times and in the manner provided pursuant thereto. If
required by Section 313(a) of the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee shall, within
sixty (60) days after each May 15 following the date of this Indenture deliver
to holders a brief report, dated as of such May 15 which complies with the
provisions of such Section 313(a).

        A copy of such report shall, at the time of such transmission to holders
of Notes, be filed by the Trustee with each stock exchange and automated
quotation system upon which the Notes are listed, if any, and with the Company.
The Company will promptly notify the Trustee in

                                       78
<PAGE>

writing as soon as practicable when the Notes are listed on any stock exchange
or automated quotation system and when any such listing is discontinued.

        Section 6.4.    Reports by Company

        After this Indenture has been qualified under the Trust Indenture Act,
the Company shall file with the Trustee and the Commission, and transmit to
holders of Notes, such information, documents and other reports and such
summaries thereof, as may be required pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act at the
times (but subject to the Delayed Filing Authorization) and in the manner
provided pursuant to such Act; provided that any such information, documents or
reports required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act shall be filed with the Trustee within fifteen (15) days
after the same is so required to be filed with the Commission.

        The Company shall provide to the Trustee, within ten days after written
notice to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the
Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes a
computation of the Maximum First-Lien Credit Documents Principal Amount.

                                  ARTICLE VII.

                              DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

        Section 7.1.    Events of Default

        "Event of Default," wherever used herein, means any one of the following
events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be
voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any
judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any
administrative or governmental body):

                (a)     default in the payment of interest (or Liquidated
        Damages) on the Notes when it becomes due and payable and continuance of
        such default for a period of 10 Business Days or more; or

                (b)     default in the payment of the principal of, or premium,
        if any, on the Notes when due; or

                (c)     default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant
        described under Section 5.10, Section 5.15 or Article XII; or

                (d)     default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant
        (including, without limitation, failure by the Company to deliver shares
        of Common Stock required to be delivered upon conversion of a Note in
        accordance with Article XV) in this Indenture (other than defaults
        specified elsewhere in this Section 7.1) or the other Transaction
        Documents, and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 30
        days or more after written notice specifying such default or breach and
        requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a "Notice of
        Default" hereunder to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and
        the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal

                                       79
<PAGE>

        amount of the outstanding Notes (in each case, when such notice is
        deemed received in accordance with this Indenture); or

                (e)     failure to perform any term, covenant, condition or
        provision of one or more classes or issues of Indebtedness in an
        aggregate principal amount outstanding of $10,000,000 or more under
        which the Company or a Significant Restricted Subsidiary is obligated,
        and either (a) such Indebtedness is already due and payable in full or
        (b) such failure results in the acceleration of the maturity of such
        Indebtedness; or

                (f)     one or more non-appealable judgments, orders or decrees
        for the payment of money of $10,000,000 or more, either individually or
        in the aggregate, shall be entered into against the Company or any
        Significant Restricted Subsidiary or any of their respective properties
        that is not paid or fully covered by a reputable and solvent insurance
        company and shall not be discharged and there shall have been a period
        of 60 days or more during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment
        or order, by reason of pending appeal or otherwise, shall not be in
        effect; or

                (g)     the Company or any of its Significant Restricted
        Subsidiaries shall commence a voluntary case concerning itself under
        Title 11 of the United States Code entitled "Bankruptcy," as now or
        hereafter in effect, or any successor thereto (the "Bankruptcy Code");
        or an involuntary case is commenced against the Company or any of its
        Significant Restricted Subsidiaries, and the petition is not
        controverted within 10 days, or is not dismissed within 60 days, after
        commencement of the case; or a custodian (as defined in the Bankruptcy
        Code) is appointed for, or takes charge of, all or substantially all of
        the property of the Company or any of its Significant Restricted
        Subsidiaries, or the Company or any of its Significant Restricted
        Subsidiaries commences any other proceeding under any reorganization,
        arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution,
        insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now
        or hereafter in effect relating to the Company or any of its Significant
        Restricted Subsidiaries, or there is commenced against the Company or
        any of its Significant Restricted Subsidiaries any such proceeding which
        remains undismissed for a period of 60 days, or the Company or any of
        its Significant Restricted Subsidiaries is adjudicated insolvent or
        bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any such case
        or proceeding is entered; or the Company or any of its Significant
        Restricted Subsidiaries suffers any appointment of any custodian or the
        like for it or any substantial part of its property to continue
        undischarged or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or the Company or any
        of its Significant Restricted Subsidiaries makes a general assignment
        for the benefit of creditors; or any corporate, limited liability
        company or similar action is taken by the Company or any of its
        Significant Restricted Subsidiaries for the purpose of effecting any of
        the foregoing;

                (h)     the representations or warranties made by the Company or
        any Guarantor herein or in the Transaction Documents shall be false or
        misleading in any material respect at the time made and the same shall
        be reasonably likely to adversely affect either (i) the ability of the
        Company or the Guarantors to make payments required hereunder or the
        other Transaction Documents when due or (ii) the validity or
        enforceability of any

                                       80
<PAGE>

        Transaction Document or the rights or remedies of the Holders or the
        Trustee or Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Transaction
        Document; or

                (i)     unless all the Collateral has been released from the
        Second Priority Liens in accordance with the provisions of the Security
        Documents, default by the Company or any Guarantor in the performance of
        the Security Documents, or the occurrence of any event, which adversely
        affects the enforceability, validity, perfection or priority of the
        Second Priority Lien on a material portion of the Collateral granted to
        the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Trustee and the Holders, the
        repudiation or disaffirmation by the Company or any Guarantor of any of
        its material obligations under the Security Documents or the
        determination in a judicial proceeding that the Security Documents are
        unenforceable or invalid against the Company or any Guarantor for any
        reason with respect to a material portion of the Collateral (which
        default, repudiation, disaffirmation or determination is not rescinded,
        stayed or waived by the Persons having such authority pursuant to the
        Security Documents or otherwise cured within 30 days or more after
        written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be
        remedied and stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" hereunder
        to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the
        holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding
        Notes (in each case, when such notice is deemed received in accordance
        with this Indenture);

then, and in each and every such case (other than an Event of Default specified
in Section 7.1(g) with respect to the Company), so long as the respective Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing, unless the principal of all of the
Notes shall have already become due and payable, and unless the Event of Default
shall have been waived in writing in accordance with the provisions of Section
7.7, either the Trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in aggregate
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding hereunder determined in
accordance with Section 9.4, by notice in writing to the Company (and to the
Trustee if given by Noteholders), may declare the principal of and premium, if
any, on all the Notes and the interest accrued thereon (including Liquidated
Damages to the extent accrued and unpaid) to be due and payable immediately, and
upon any such declaration the same shall become and shall be immediately due and
payable, anything in this Indenture or in the Notes contained to the contrary
notwithstanding. If an Event of Default specified in Section 7.1(g) occurs and
is continuing with respect to the Company, the principal of all the Notes and
the interest accrued thereon (including Liquidated Damages to the extent accrued
and unpaid) shall be immediately due and payable. In addition to the foregoing,
any amount payable hereunder by the Company not paid when due shall bear
interest at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate otherwise borne by the
Notes (including Liquidated Damages) plus two percent (2%) per annum or if less,
increased to the maximum interest rate then permitted by applicable law. Any
such interest which is not paid when due shall, to the maximum extent permitted
by law, accrue interest until paid at the rate from time to time applicable to
the interest on the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing if, at any time after
the principal of the Notes shall have been so declared due and payable, and
before any judgment or decree for the payment of the monies due shall have been
obtained or entered as hereinafter provided, the Company shall pay or shall
deposit with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay all matured installments of
interest upon all Notes and the principal of and premium, if any, on any and all
Notes which shall have become due otherwise than by acceleration (with interest
on overdue installments of interest (to the extent that payment of such interest
is enforceable under

                                       81
<PAGE>

applicable law) and on such principal and premium, if any, at the rate borne by
the Notes, to the date of such payment or deposit) and amounts due to the
Trustee pursuant to Section 8.6, and if any and all defaults under this
Indenture, other than the nonpayment of principal of and premium, if any, and
accrued interest on Notes which shall have become due by acceleration, shall
have been cured or waived pursuant to Section 7.7, then and in every such case
the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then
outstanding, by written notice to the Company and to the Trustee, may waive all
defaults or Events of Default and rescind and annul such acceleration and its
consequences; but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or
shall affect any subsequent default or Event of Default, or shall impair any
right consequent thereon. The Company shall notify the Responsible Officer of
the Trustee, within three (3) Business Days of becoming aware thereof, of any
default or Event of Default and shall deliver to the Trustee a statement
specifying such default or Event of Default and the action the Company has
taken, is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto.

        In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any right under this
Indenture and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or abandoned because
of such waiver or rescission and annulment or for any other reason or shall have
been determined adversely to the Trustee, then and in every such case the
Company, the Holders of Notes, and the Trustee shall be restored respectively to
their several positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and
powers of the Company, the holders of Notes, and the Trustee shall continue as
though no such proceeding had been instituted.

        Section 7.2.    Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor

        The Company covenants that (a) in case default shall be made in the
payment by the Company of any installment of interest upon any of the Notes as
and when the same shall become due and payable, and such default shall have
continued for a period of thirty (30) days, or (b) in case default shall be made
in the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, on any of the Notes as
and when the same shall have become due and payable, whether at maturity of the
Notes or in connection with any redemption or repurchase, by declaration under
this Indenture or otherwise, then, upon demand of the Trustee, the Company will
pay to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, the whole
amount that then shall have become due and payable on all such Notes for
principal and premium, if any, or interest, or both, as the case may be, with
interest upon the overdue principal and premium, if any, and (to the extent that
payment of such interest is enforceable under applicable law) upon the overdue
installments of interest at the rate borne by the Notes; and, in addition
thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and
expenses of collection, including reasonable compensation to the Trustee, its
agents, attorneys and counsel and any other amounts due to the Trustee under
Section 8.6, and any expenses or liabilities incurred by the Trustee hereunder
other than through its negligence or bad faith (as each is finally determined by
a non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction). Until such demand
by the Trustee, the Company may pay the principal of and premium, if any, and
interest on the Notes to the registered holders, whether or not the Notes are
overdue.

        In case the Company shall fail forthwith to pay such amounts upon such
demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, shall
be entitled and empowered to institute any actions or proceedings at law or in
equity for the collection of the sums so due and

                                       82
<PAGE>

unpaid, and may prosecute any such action or proceeding to judgment or final
decree, and may enforce any such judgment or final decree against the Company or
any other obligor on the Notes and collect in the manner provided by law out of
the property of the Company or any other obligor on the Notes wherever situated
the monies adjudged or decreed to be payable.

        In case there shall be pending proceedings for the bankruptcy or for the
reorganization of the Company or any other obligor on the Notes under Title 11
of the United States Code, or any other applicable law, or in case a receiver,
assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or
similar official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the
Company or such other obligor, the property of the Company or such other
obligor, the Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of the Notes shall
then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and
irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the
provisions of this Section 7.2, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention
in such proceedings or otherwise, to file and prove a claim or claims for the
whole amount of principal, premium, if any, and interest (including Liquidated
Damages, if any) owing and unpaid in respect of the Notes, and, in case of any
judicial proceedings, to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents
and to take such other actions as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to
have the claims of the Trustee and of the Noteholders allowed in such judicial
proceedings relative to the Company or any other obligor on the Notes, its or
their creditors, or its or their property, and to collect and receive any monies
or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims, and to distribute
the same after the deduction of any amounts due the Trustee under Section 8.6;
and any receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization,
liquidator, custodian or similar official is hereby authorized by each of the
Noteholders to make such payments to the Trustee, and, in the event that the
Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the
Noteholders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for reasonable
compensation, expenses, advances and disbursements, including agents and counsel
fees and any other amounts due to the Trustee under Section 8.6 incurred by it
up to the date of such distribution. To the extent that such payment of
reasonable compensation, expenses, advances and disbursements out of the estate
in any such proceedings shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same
shall be secured by a lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all
distributions, dividends, monies, securities and other property which the
holders of the Notes may be entitled to receive in such proceedings, whether in
liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise.

        All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture, or
under any of the Notes, may be enforced by the Trustee without the possession of
any of the Notes, or the production thereof on any trial or other proceeding
relative thereto, and any such suit or proceeding instituted by the Trustee
shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any
recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents
and counsel and any other amounts due to the Trustee under Section 8.6 be for
the ratable benefit of the holders of the Notes.

        In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and in any proceedings
involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture to which the
Trustee shall be a party) the Trustee shall be held to represent all the holders
of the Notes, and it shall not be necessary to make any holders of the Notes
parties to any such proceedings.

                                       83
<PAGE>

        Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to
authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Noteholder any plan
of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or
the rights of any Noteholder, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of
the claim of any Noteholder in any such proceeding.

        Section 7.3.    Application of Monies Collected by Trustee

        Any monies collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article VII shall
be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee for
the distribution of such monies, upon presentation of the several Notes, and
stamping thereon the payment, if only partially paid, and upon surrender
thereof, if fully paid:

                First: To the payment of all amounts due the Trustee under
        Section 8.6;

                Second: To the payment of all First-Lien Obligations to the
        extent required by the Intercreditor Agreement;

                Third: In case the principal of the Outstanding Notes shall not
        have become due and be unpaid, to the payment of interest on the Notes
        in default in the order of the maturity of the installments of such
        interest, with interest (to the extent that such interest has been
        collected by the Trustee) upon the overdue installments of interest at
        the rate borne by the Notes, such payments to be made ratably to the
        Persons entitled thereto;

                Fourth: In case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall
        have become due, by declaration or otherwise, and be unpaid, to the
        payment of the whole amount then owing and unpaid upon the Notes for
        principal and premium, if any, and interest, with interest on the
        overdue principal and premium, if any, and (to the extent that such
        interest has been collected by the Trustee) upon overdue installments of
        interest at the rate borne by the Notes; and in case such monies shall
        be insufficient to pay in full the whole amounts so due and unpaid upon
        the Notes, then to the payment of such principal and premium, if any,
        and interest without preference or priority of principal and premium, if
        any, over interest, or of interest over principal and premium, if any,
        or of any installment of interest over any other installment of
        interest, or of any Note over any other Note, ratably to the aggregate
        of such principal and premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest;
        and

                Fifth:  To the payment of the remainder, if any, to the Company.

        Section 7.4.    Proceedings by Noteholder

        Subject to the last two paragraphs of this Section 7.4, no Holder of any
Note shall have any right by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this
Indenture to institute any suit, action or proceeding in equity or at law upon
or under or with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a
receiver, trustee, liquidator, custodian or other similar official, or for any
other remedy hereunder, unless such Holder previously shall have given to the
Trustee written notice of an Event of Default and of the continuance thereof, as
hereinbefore provided, and unless also the holders of not less than 25% in
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall have made written
request upon the Trustee to institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own
name as Trustee hereunder and shall have offered to the Trustee such indemnity
as may be

                                       84
<PAGE>

reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses and
liabilities to be incurred therein or thereby, and the Trustee for sixty (60)
days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity, shall
have failed to institute any such action, suit or proceeding and no direction
inconsistent with such written request shall have been given to the Trustee
pursuant to Section 7.7; it being understood and intended, and being expressly
covenanted by the taker and Holder of every Note with every other taker and
Holder and the Trustee, that no one or more Holders of Notes shall have any
right in any manner whatever by virtue of or by availing of any provision of
this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder of
Notes, or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any other
such Holder, or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner
herein provided and for the equal, ratable and common benefit of all Holders of
Notes (except as otherwise provided herein). For the protection and enforcement
of this Section 7.4, each and every Noteholder and the Trustee shall be entitled
to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity.

        Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture and any provision
of any Note, the right of any Holder of any Note to receive payment of the
principal of and premium, if any, and interest (including Liquidated Damages to
the extent accrued but unpaid) on such Note, on or after the respective due
dates expressed in such Note, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any
such payment on or after such respective dates against the Company shall not be
impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder.

        Anything in this Indenture or the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding,
the Holder of any Note, without the consent of either the Trustee or the Holder
of any other Note, in his own behalf and for his own benefit, may enforce, and
may institute and maintain any proceeding suitable to enforce, such Holder's
rights of conversion as provided herein.

        Section 7.5.    Proceedings by Trustee

        If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in its
discretion proceed to protect and enforce the rights vested in it by this
Indenture by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem
most effectual to protect and enforce any of such rights, either by suit in
equity or by action at law or by proceeding in bankruptcy or otherwise, whether
for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement contained in this
Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Indenture, or
to enforce any other legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by this
Indenture or by law.

        Section 7.6.    Remedies Cumulative and Continuing

        Except as provided in the last paragraph of Section 2.6, all powers and
remedies given by this Article VII to the Trustee or to the Noteholders shall,
to the extent permitted by law, be deemed cumulative and not exclusive of any
thereof or of any other powers and remedies available to the Trustee or the
holders of the Notes, by judicial proceedings or otherwise, to enforce the
performance or observance of the covenants and agreements contained in this
Indenture, and no delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any of
the Notes to exercise any right or power accruing upon any default or Event of
Default occurring and continuing as aforesaid shall impair any such right or
power, or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such default or any
acquiescence therein; and, subject to the provisions of Section 7.4,

                                       85
<PAGE>

every power and remedy given by this Article VII or by law to the Trustee or to
the Noteholders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as shall be
deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Noteholders.

        Section 7.7.    Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by
                        Majority of Noteholders

        The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at
the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 9.4 shall have the
right to direct the time, method, and place of conducting any proceeding for any
remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on
the Trustee; provided, however, that (a) such direction shall not be in conflict
with any rule of law or with this Indenture or any Security Document, expose the
Trustee to personal liability or be unduly prejudicial to Holders not joining
therein, and (b) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the
Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction. The holders of not less
than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time
outstanding determined in accordance with Section 9.4 may on behalf of the
holders of all of the Notes waive any past default or Event of Default hereunder
and its consequences except (i) a default in the payment of interest or premium,
if any, on, or the principal of, the Notes when due, (ii) a failure by the
Company to convert any Notes into Common Stock or (iii) a default in respect of
a covenant or provisions hereof which under Article XI cannot be modified or
amended without the consent of all affected holders of Notes then outstanding.
Upon any such waiver the Company, the Trustee and the holders of the Notes shall
be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder; said default or
Event of Default shall for all purposes of the Notes and this Indenture be
deemed to have been cured and to be not continuing; but no such waiver shall
extend to any subsequent or other default or Event of Default or impair any
right consequent thereon.

        Section 7.8.    Notice of Defaults

        The Trustee shall, within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of any
default hereunder, mail to all Noteholders, as the names and addresses of such
holders appear upon the Note Register, notice of all defaults actually known to
a Responsible Officer, unless such default shall have been cured or waived
before the giving of such notice; and provided that, except in the case of
default in the payment of the principal of, or premium, if any, or interest
(including Liquidated Damages to the extent accrued but unpaid) on any of the
Notes, including without limiting the generality of the foregoing any default in
the payment of any Repurchase Price or in the payment of any amount due in
connection with any redemption of Notes, then in any such event the Trustee
shall be protected in withholding such notice if and so long as a trust
committee of directors and/or Responsible Officers of the Trustee in good faith
determine that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the
Noteholders; provided further that in the case of any default of the character
specified in Section 7.1(d) no such notice to Holders shall be given until at
least 30 days after the occurrence thereof. For the purposes of this Section,
the term "default" means any event which is, or after notice or lapse of time or
both would become, an Event of Default.

                                       86
<PAGE>

        Section 7.9.    Undertaking to Pay Costs

        All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Note by his
acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may, in its
discretion, require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy
under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or
omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an
undertaking to pay the costs of such suit and that such court may in its
discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees and
expenses, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the
merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant;
provided that the provisions of this Section 7.9 shall not apply to any suit
instituted by the Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Noteholder, or group of
Noteholders, holding in the aggregate more than 25% in principal amount of the
Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 9.4, or to
any suit instituted by any Noteholder for the enforcement of the payment of the
principal of or premium, if any, or interest (including Liquidated Damages to
the extent accrued but unpaid) on any Note (including, but not limited to, the
redemption price or Repurchase Price with respect to the Notes being redeemed or
repurchased as provided in this Indenture) on or after the due date expressed in
such Note or to any suit for the enforcement of the right to convert any Note in
accordance with the provisions of Article XV.

        Section 7.10.   Delay or Omission Not Waiver

        No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any Note to
exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any
such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or any
acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article VII or by law
to the Trustee or to the holders of Notes may be exercised from time to time,
and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the holders of
Notes, as the case may be.

                                  ARTICLE VIII.

                             CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE

        Section 8.1.    Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee

        The Trustee, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after
the curing or waiver of all Events of Default that may have occurred, (a)
undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set
forth in this Indenture and the Trust Indenture Act and no implied covenants or
obligation shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee and (b) in the
absence of bad faith, may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements
and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or
opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this
Indenture; but in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any
provision hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the
Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not
they conform to the requirements of this Indenture. In case an Event of Default
has occurred (which has not been cured or waived) the Trustee shall exercise
such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same
degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent Person would exercise
or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such Person's own affairs.

                                       87
<PAGE>

        No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee
from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or
its own willful misconduct, except that

                (a)     this subsection shall not be construed to limit the
        effect of the first paragraph of this Section 8.1;

                (b)     the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of
        judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or Officers of the
        Trustee, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was negligent in
        ascertaining the pertinent facts (as each is finally determined by a
        non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction); and

                (c)     the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any
        action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance
        with the direction of the Holders of not less than a majority in
        principal amount of the Outstanding Notes relating to the time, method
        and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the
        Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee,
        under this Indenture.

        Whether or not therein provided, every provision of this Indenture
relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of, or affording protection
to, the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section.

        None of the provisions contained in this Indenture shall require the
Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur personal financial
liability in the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of any of
its rights or powers, if it has reasonable grounds for believing that the
repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is
not reasonably assured to it.

        Section 8.2.    Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc.

        Except as otherwise provided in Section 8.1:

                (a)     the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be protected
        in acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
        opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, note, coupon or
        other paper or document believed by it in good faith to be genuine and
        to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties;

                (b)     any request, direction, order or demand of the Company
        mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Company Order
        (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically
        prescribed) and any resolution of the Board of Directors may be
        evidenced to the Trustee by a Board Resolution;

                (c)     the Trustee may consult with counsel, and any advice of
        such counsel or Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete
        authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted
        by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon;

                (d)     the Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any
        of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request,
        order or direction of any of the

                                       88
<PAGE>

        Noteholders pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture, unless such
        Noteholders shall have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity
        reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and
        liabilities which may be incurred therein or thereby;

                (e)     the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation
        into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate,
        statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction,
        consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document, but the
        Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or
        investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the
        Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation,
        it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the
        Company, personally or by agent or attorney; provided, however, that if
        the payment within a reasonable time to the Trustee of the costs,
        expenses or liabilities likely to be incurred by it in the making of
        such investigation is, in the opinion of the Trustee, not reasonably
        assured to the Trustee by the security afforded to it by the terms of
        this Indenture, the Trustee may require indemnity reasonably
        satisfactory to the Trustee from the Noteholders against such expenses
        or liability as a condition to so proceeding; the reasonable expenses of
        every such examination shall be paid by the Company or, if paid by the
        Trustee or any predecessor Trustee, shall be repaid by the Company upon
        demand;

                (f)     the Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers
        hereunder or perform any duties hereunder or under the Security
        Documents either directly or by or through agents or attorneys and the
        Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the
        part of any agent or attorney appointed by it with due care hereunder;

                (g)     the Trustee shall not be liable for any action taken,
        suffered, or omitted to be taken by it in good faith and reasonably
        believed by it to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or
        powers conferred upon it by this Indenture;

                (h)     the Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any
        default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee
        has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which
        is in fact such a default or Event of Default is received by the Trustee
        at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references
        the Notes and this Indenture;

                (i)     the rights, privileges, protections, immunities and
        benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right
        to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the
        Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and to each agent,
        custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder;

                (j)     whenever in the administration of this Indenture the
        Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established
        prior to taking, suffering or omitting to take any action hereunder, the
        Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may,
        in the absence of bad faith on the part of the Trustee, rely on an
        Officer's Certificate; and

                (k)     the Trustee may request that the Company deliver an
        Officers' Certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or
        titles of officers authorized at such time to

                                       89
<PAGE>

        take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture, which Officers'
        Certificate may be signed by any Person authorized to sign an Officers'
        Certificate, including any Person specified as so authorized in any such
        certificate previously delivered and not superseded.

        In no event shall the Trustee be liable for any consequential loss or
damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even
if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and
regardless of the form of action.

        Section 8.3.    No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc.

        The recitals contained herein and in the Guarantee Agreement, the
Security Documents and in the Notes (except in the Trustee's certificate of
authentication) shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee
assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the same. The Trustee makes no
representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Indenture, the
Guarantee Agreement, the Security Documents or the Notes. The Trustee shall not
be accountable for the use or application by the Company of any Notes or the
proceeds of any Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in conformity
with the provisions of this Indenture.

        Section 8.4.    Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents or Note
                        Registrar May Own Notes

        Subject to Sections 8.8 and 8.13, The Trustee, any Paying Agent, any
conversion agent or Note Registrar, in its individual or any other capacity, may
become the owner or pledgee of Notes with the same rights it would have if it
were not Trustee, Paying Agent, conversion agent or Note Registrar.

        Section 8.5.    Monies to be Held in Trust

        Subject to the provisions of Section 13.4, all monies received by the
Trustee shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for
the purposes for which they were received. Money held by the Trustee in trust
hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required
by law. The Trustee shall have no liability for interest on any money received
by it hereunder except as may be agreed in writing from time to time by the
Company and the Trustee.

        Section 8.6.    Compensation and Expenses of Trustee

        The Company covenants and agrees to pay to the Trustee from time to
time, and the Trustee shall be entitled to, such compensation as the Company and
the Trustee shall from time to time agree in writing for all services rendered
by it hereunder or under any other Transaction Document in any capacity (which
shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a
trustee of an express trust), and the Company will pay or reimburse the Trustee
upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances
reasonably incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any of the
provisions of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document (including the
reasonable compensation and the expenses and disbursements of its agents and
counsel) except any such expense, disbursement or advance as may arise from its
negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith (as each is finally determined by a
non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction). The Company also
covenants

                                       90
<PAGE>

and agrees to indemnify the Trustee or any predecessor or successor Trustee in
any capacity under this Indenture or a Transaction Document and its agents and
any authenticating agent for, and to hold them harmless against, any and all
loss, damages, claims, liability or expense, including taxes, incurred without
negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on the part of the Trustee or such
agent or authenticating agent (as each is finally determined by a non-appealable
order of a court of competent jurisdiction), as the case may be, and arising out
of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this trust or in
any other capacity hereunder, including the costs and expenses of defending
themselves against any claim (whether asserted by the Company, a Holder or any
other Person) or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any
of its power or duties hereunder or any other Transaction Document. The
obligations of the Company under this Section 8.6 to compensate or indemnify the
Trustee and to pay or reimburse the Trustee for expenses, disbursements and
advances shall be secured by a lien prior to the Notes upon all property and
funds held or collected by the Trustee as such, except, subject to the effect of
Sections 4.3 and 7.5, funds held in trust herewith for the payment of principal
of (and premium, if any) particular Notes. The obligation of the Company under
this Section 8.6 shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture
and the resignation or removal of the Trustee. The indemnification provided in
this Section 8.6 shall extend to the officers, directors, agents and employees
of the Trustee.

        When the Trustee and its agents and any authenticating agent incur
expenses or render services after an Event of Default specified in Section
7.1(g) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services are intended
to constitute expenses of administration under any bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar laws.

        Section 8.7.    [Intentionally Omitted]

        Section 8.8.    Conflicting Interests of Trustee

        The Trustee shall comply with the terms of Section 310(b) of the Trust
Indenture Act.

        Section 8.9.    Eligibility of Trustee

        There shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder that shall be a Person
that is eligible pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act to act as such and has a
combined capital and surplus (together with its parent) of at least Fifty
Million United States Dollars ($50,000,000). If such Person publishes reports of
condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of any
supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section 8.9,
the combined capital and surplus of such Person shall be deemed to be its
combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition
so published. If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 8.9, it shall resign immediately
in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article VIII.

        Section 8.10.   Resignation or Removal of Trustee

                (a)     The Trustee may at any time resign by giving written
        notice of such resignation to the Company and the Company shall mail
        notice thereof to the Holders of Notes at their addresses as they shall
        appear on the Note Register. Upon receiving such notice of resignation,
        the Company shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee by written

                                       91
<PAGE>

        instrument, in duplicate, evidenced by a Board Resolution, one copy of
        which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Trustee and one
        copy to the successor Trustee. If no successor Trustee shall have been
        so appointed and have accepted appointment thirty (30) days after the
        mailing of such notice of resignation to the Noteholders, the resigning
        Trustee may, at the expense of the Company, petition any court of
        competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee, or
        any Noteholder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Note or Notes for at
        least six months may, subject to the provisions of Section 7.9, on
        behalf of himself and all others similarly situated, petition any such
        court for the appointment of a successor Trustee. Such court may
        thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and
        prescribe, appoint a successor Trustee.

                (b)     In case at any time any of the following shall occur:

                        (1)     the Trustee shall fail to comply with Section
                8.8 within a reasonable time after written request therefor by
                the Company or by any Noteholder who has been a bona fide Holder
                of a Note or Notes for at least six months, or

                        (2)     the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in
                accordance with the provisions of Section 8.9 and shall fail to
                resign after written request therefor by the Company or by any
                such Noteholder, or

                        (3)     the Trustee shall become incapable of acting, or
                shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the
                Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public
                officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its
                property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation,
                conservation or liquidation,

then, in any such case, the Company may by a Board Resolution remove the Trustee
and appoint a successor Trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by
order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered
to the Trustee so removed and one copy to the successor Trustee, or, subject to
the provisions of Section 7.9, any Noteholder who has been a bona fide Holder of
a Note or Notes for at least six months may, on behalf of himself and all others
similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal
of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee. Such court may
thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe,
remove the Trustee and appoint a successor Trustee.

                (c)     The holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount
        of the Notes at the time outstanding may at any time remove the Trustee
        and nominate a successor Trustee which shall be deemed appointed as
        successor Trustee unless within ten (10) days after notice to the
        Company of such nomination the Company objects thereto, in which case
        the Trustee so removed or any Noteholder, upon the terms and conditions
        and otherwise as in Section 8.10(a) provided, may, at the expense of the
        Company, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for an appointment
        of a successor Trustee.

                                       92
<PAGE>

                (d)     Any resignation or removal of the Trustee and
        appointment of a successor Trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of
        this Section 8.10 shall become effective upon acceptance of appointment
        by the successor Trustee as provided in Section 8.11.

                (e)     If an instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee
        shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within thirty (30) days
        after the giving of such notice of removal, the Trustee being removed
        may petition, at the expense of the Company, any court of competent
        jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to
        the Notes of such series.

        Section 8.11.   Acceptance by Successor Trustee

        Any successor Trustee appointed as provided in Section 8.10 shall
execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to its predecessor Trustee
an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the
resignation or removal of the predecessor Trustee shall become effective and
such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall
become vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its
predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as Trustee
herein; but, nevertheless, on the written request of the Company or of the
successor Trustee, the Trustee ceasing to act shall, upon payment of any amounts
then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 8.6, execute and deliver an
instrument transferring to such successor Trustee all the rights and powers of
the Trustee so ceasing to act. Upon request of any such successor Trustee, the
Company shall execute any and all instruments in writing for more fully and
certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Trustee all such rights
and powers. Any Trustee ceasing to act shall, nevertheless, retain its lien set
forth in Section 8.6.

        No successor Trustee shall accept appointment as provided in this
Section 8.11 unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Trustee shall
be qualified under the provisions of Section 8.8 and be eligible under the
provisions of Section 8.9.

        Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor Trustee as provided in
this Section 8.11, the Company shall mail or cause to be mailed notice of the
succession of such Trustee hereunder to the Holders of Notes at their addresses
as they shall appear on the Note Register. If the Company fails to mail such
notice within ten (10) days after acceptance of appointment by the successor
Trustee, the successor Trustee shall cause such notice to be mailed at the
expense of the Company.

        Section 8.12.   Succession by Merger, Etc.

        Any Person into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with
which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any merger,
conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any Person
succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the
Trustee (including the trust created by this Indenture), shall be the successor
to the Trustee hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any
further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, provided that in the case
of any Person succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust
business of the Trustee such Person shall be qualified under the provisions of
Section 8.8 and eligible under the provisions of Section 8.9.

                                       93
<PAGE>

        In case at the time such successor to the Trustee shall succeed to the
trusts created by this Indenture, any of the Notes shall have been authenticated
but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate
of authentication of any predecessor Trustee or authenticating agent appointed
by such predecessor Trustee, and deliver such Notes so authenticated; and in
case at that time any of the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any
successor to the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by such successor
Trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name of any predecessor
Trustee hereunder or in the name of the successor Trustee; and in all such cases
such certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Notes or
in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have;
provided, however, that the right to adopt the certificate of authentication of
any predecessor Trustee or to authenticate Notes in the name of any predecessor
Trustee shall apply only to its successor or successors by merger, conversion or
consolidation.

        Section 8.13.   Limitation on Rights of Trustee as Creditor

        If and when the Trustee shall be or become a creditor of the Company (or
any other obligor upon the Notes), the Trustee shall be subject to the
provisions of the Trust Indenture Act regarding the collection of the claims
against the Company (or any such other obligor).

        Section 8.14.   Intercreditor Agreement.

        The Trustee, any successor Trustee and any Collateral Agent or
sub-Collateral Agent shall each be bound by the terms and provisions of the
Intercreditor Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE IX.

                           CONCERNING THE NOTEHOLDERS

        Section 9.1.    Action by Noteholders

        Whenever in this Indenture it is provided that the holders of a
specified percentage in aggregate principal amount of the Notes may take any
action (including the making of any demand or request, the giving of any notice,
consent or waiver or the taking of any other action), the fact that at the time
of taking any such action, the holders of such specified percentage have joined
therein may be evidenced (a) by any instrument or any number of instruments of
similar tenor executed by Noteholders in Person or by agent or proxy appointed
in writing, or (b) by the record of the holders of Notes voting in favor thereof
at any meeting of Noteholders duly called and held in accordance with the
provisions of Article X, or (c) by a combination of such instrument or
instruments and any such record of such a meeting of Noteholders. Whenever the
Company or the Trustee solicits the taking of any action by the holders of the
Notes, the Company or the Trustee may fix in advance of such solicitation, a
date as the record date for determining holders entitled to take such action.
The record date shall be not more than fifteen (15) days prior to the date of
commencement of solicitation of such action.

        Section 9.2.    Proof of Execution by Noteholders

        Subject to the provisions of Sections 8.1, 8.2 and 10.5, proof of the
execution of any instrument by a Noteholder or his agent or proxy shall be
sufficient if made in accordance with

                                       94
<PAGE>

such reasonable rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Trustee or in
such manner as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee. The holding of Notes shall
be proved by the Note Register or by a certificate of the Note Registrar. The
record of any Noteholders' meeting shall be proved in the manner provided in
Section 10.6.

        Section 9.3.    Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners

        The Company, the Trustee, any authenticating agent, any Paying Agent,
any conversion agent and any Note Registrar shall deem the Person in whose name
such Note shall be registered upon the Note Register to be, and shall treat him
as, the absolute owner of such Note (whether or not such Note shall be overdue
and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon) for the
purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the principal of, premium, if
any, and interest (including Liquidated Damages to the extent accrued but
unpaid) on such Note, for conversion of such Note and for all other purposes;
and neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any authenticating agent nor any
Paying Agent nor any conversion agent nor any Note Registrar shall be affected
by any notice to the contrary. All such payments so made to any Holder for the
time being, or upon his order, shall be valid, and, to the extent of the sum or
sums so paid, effectual to satisfy and discharge the liability for monies
payable upon any such Note.

        Section 9.4.    Company-Owned Notes Disregarded

        In determining whether the holders of the requisite aggregate principal
amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, consent, waiver or other action
under this Indenture, Notes that are owned by the Company or any other obligor
on the Notes or by any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled
by or under direct or indirect common control with the Company or any other
obligor on the Notes shall be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding for
the purpose of any such determination; provided that for the purposes of
determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such
direction, consent, waiver or other action only Notes which a Responsible
Officer actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Nothing in this
Section 9.4 shall cause Notes owned by Laminar to be disregarded and deemed not
to be outstanding. Notes so owned which have been pledged in good faith may be
regarded as outstanding for the purposes of this Section 9.4 if the pledgee
shall establish to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgee's right to vote
such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Company, any other obligor on the
Notes or a Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under
direct or indirect common control with the Company or any such other obligor. In
the case of a dispute as to such right, any decision by the Trustee taken upon
the advice of counsel shall be full protection to the Trustee. Upon request of
the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee promptly an Officers'
Certificate listing and identifying all Notes, if any, known by the Company to
be owned or held by or for the account of any of the above described Persons;
and, subject to Section 8.1, the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such
Officers' Certificate as conclusive evidence of the facts therein set forth and
of the fact that all Notes listed therein are not outstanding for the purpose of
any such determination.

        Section 9.5.    Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound

        At any time prior to (but not after) the evidencing to the Trustee, as
provided in Section 9.1, of the taking of any action by the holders of the
percentage in aggregate principal

                                       95
<PAGE>

amount of the Notes specified in this Indenture in connection with such action,
any Holder of a Note which is shown by the evidence to be included in the Notes
the holders of which have consented to such action may, by filing written notice
with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office and upon proof of holding as
provided in Section 9.2, revoke such action so far as concerns such Note. Except
as aforesaid, any such action taken by the Holder of any Note shall be
conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future holders and owners
of such Note and of any Notes issued in exchange or substitution therefor,
irrespective of whether any notation in regard thereto is made upon such Note or
any Note issued in exchange or substitution therefor.

                                   ARTICLE X.

                              NOTEHOLDERS' MEETINGS

        Section 10.1.   Purpose of Meetings

        A meeting of Noteholders may be called at any time and from time to time
pursuant to the provisions of this Article X for any of the following purposes:

                        (1)     to give any notice to the Company or to the
                Trustee or to give any directions to the Trustee permitted under
                this Indenture, or to consent to the waiving of any default or
                Event of Default hereunder and its consequences, or to take any
                other action authorized to be taken by Noteholders pursuant to
                any of the provisions of Article VII;

                        (2)     to remove the Trustee and nominate a successor
                Trustee pursuant to the provisions of Article VIII;

                        (3)     to consent to the execution of an indenture or
                indentures supplemental hereto pursuant to the provisions of
                Section 11.2;

                        (4)     to take any other action authorized to be taken
                by or on behalf of the holders of any specified aggregate
                principal amount of the Notes under any other provision of this
                Indenture or under applicable law; or

                        (5)     to take any other action authorized by this
                Indenture or under applicable law.

        Section 10.2.   Call of Meetings by Trustee

        The Trustee may at any time call a meeting of Noteholders to take any
action specified in Section 10.1, to be held at such time and at such place as
the Trustee shall determine. Notice of every meeting of the Noteholders, setting
forth the time and the place of such meeting and in general terms the action
proposed to be taken at such meeting and the establishment of any record date
pursuant to Section 9.1, shall be mailed to Holders of Notes at their addresses
as they shall appear on the Note Register. Such notice shall also be mailed to
the Company. Such notices shall be mailed not less than twenty (20) nor more
than ninety (90) days prior to the date fixed for the meeting.

                                       96
<PAGE>

        Any meeting of Noteholders shall be valid without notice if the holders
of all Notes then outstanding are present in Person or by proxy or if notice is
waived before or after the meeting by the holders of all Notes outstanding, and
if the Company and the Trustee are either present by duly authorized
representatives or have, before or after the meeting, waived notice.

        Section 10.3.   Call of Meetings by Company or Noteholders

        In case at any time the Company, pursuant to a Board Resolution, or the
holders of at least 10% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then
outstanding, shall have requested the Trustee to call a meeting of Noteholders,
by written request setting forth in reasonable detail the action proposed to be
taken at the meeting, and the Trustee shall not have mailed the notice of such
meeting within twenty (20) days after receipt of such request, then the Company
or such Noteholders may determine the time and the place for such meeting and
may call such meeting to take any action authorized in Section 10.1, by mailing
notice thereof as provided in Section 10.2 and to the Trustee.

        Section 10.4.   Qualifications for Voting

        To be entitled to vote at any meeting of Noteholders a Person shall (a)
be a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting
or (b) be a Person appointed by an instrument in writing as proxy by a Holder of
one or more Notes. The only Persons who shall be entitled to be present or to
speak at any meeting of Noteholders shall be the Persons entitled to vote at
such meeting and their counsel and any representatives of the Trustee and its
counsel and any representatives of the Company and its counsel.

        Section 10.5.   Regulations

        Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee may
make such reasonable regulations as it may deem advisable for any meeting of
Noteholders, in regard to proof of the holding of Notes and of the appointment
of proxies, and in regard to the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes,
the submission and examination of proxies, certificates and other evidence of
the right to vote, and such other matters concerning the conduct of the meeting
as it shall think fit.

        The Trustee shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary
chairman (which may be a Noteholder) of the meeting, unless the meeting shall
have been called by the Company or by Noteholders as provided in Section 10.3,
in which case the Company or the Noteholders calling the meeting, as the case
may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent chairman
and a permanent secretary of the meeting shall be elected by vote of the holders
of a majority in principal amount of the Notes represented at the meeting and
entitled to vote at the meeting.

        Subject to the provisions of Section 9.4, at any meeting each Noteholder
or proxyholder shall be entitled to one vote for each One Thousand United States
Dollars ($1,000) principal amount of Notes held or represented by such
Noteholder; provided, however, that no vote shall be cast or counted at any
meeting in respect of any Note challenged as not outstanding and ruled by the
chairman of the meeting to be not outstanding. The chairman of the meeting shall
have no right to vote other than by virtue of Notes held by him or instruments
in writing as aforesaid duly

                                       97
<PAGE>

designating him as the proxy to vote on behalf of other Noteholders. Any meeting
of Noteholders duly called pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.2 or 10.3
may be adjourned from time to time by the holders of a majority of the aggregate
principal amount of Notes represented at the meeting, whether or not
constituting a quorum, and the meeting may be held as so adjourned without
further notice.

        Section 10.6.   Voting

        The vote upon any resolution submitted to any meeting of Noteholders
shall be by written ballot on which shall be subscribed the signatures of the
holders of Notes or of their representatives by proxy and the principal amount
of the Notes held or represented by them. The permanent chairman of the meeting
shall appoint two inspectors of votes who shall count all votes cast at the
meeting for or against any resolution and who shall make and file with the
secretary of the meeting their verified written reports in duplicate of all
votes cast at the meeting. A record in duplicate of the proceedings of each
meeting of Noteholders shall be prepared by the secretary of the meeting and
there shall be attached to said record the original reports of the inspectors of
votes on any vote by ballot taken thereat and affidavits by one or more Persons
having knowledge of the facts setting forth a copy of the notice of the meeting
and showing that said notice was mailed as provided in Section 10.2. The record
shall show the principal amount of the Notes voting in favor of or against any
resolution. The record shall be signed and verified by the affidavits of the
permanent chairman and secretary of the meeting and one of the duplicates shall
be delivered to the Company and the other to the Trustee to be preserved by the
Trustee, the latter to have attached thereto the ballots voted at the meeting.

        Any record so signed and verified shall be conclusive evidence of the
matters therein stated.

        Section 10.7.   No Delay of Rights by Meeting

        Nothing contained in this Article X shall be deemed or construed to
authorize or permit, by reason of any call of a meeting of Noteholders or any
rights expressly or implicitly conferred hereunder to make such call, any
hindrance or delay in the exercise of any right or rights conferred upon or
reserved to the Trustee or to the Noteholders under any of the provisions of
this Indenture or of the Notes.

                                  ARTICLE XI.

                       AMENDMENTS; SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

        Section 11.1.   Amendments; Supplemental Indentures without Consent of
                        Noteholders

        The Company, when authorized by a Board Resolution, and the Trustee may
from time to time and at any time amend or supplement this Indenture and the
Security Documents or the Notes without notice to or the consent of any Holder
for one or more of the following purposes:

                (a)     to make provision with respect to the conversion rights
        of the holders of Notes pursuant to the requirements of Section 15.6;

                                       98
<PAGE>

                (b)     to convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge to the
        Trustee as security for the Notes, any property or assets;

                (c)     to evidence the succession of another corporation,
        limited liability company, partnership or trust to the Company, or
        successive successions, and the assumption by the successor corporation,
        limited liability company, partnership or trust of the covenants,
        agreements and obligations of the Company pursuant to Article XII;

                (d)     to add to the covenants of the Company such further
        covenants, restrictions or conditions for the benefit of the holders of
        Notes, including without limitation any reduction of the Conversion
        Price, and to make the occurrence, or the occurrence and continuance, of
        a default in any such additional covenants, restrictions or conditions a
        default or an Event of Default permitting the enforcement of all or any
        of the several remedies provided in this Indenture as herein set forth;
        provided, however, that in respect of any such additional covenant,
        restriction or condition such supplemental indenture may provide for a
        particular period of grace after default (which period may be shorter or
        longer than that allowed in the case of other defaults) or may provide
        for an immediate enforcement upon such default or may limit the remedies
        available to the Trustee upon such default;

                (e)     to provide for the issuance under this Indenture of
        Notes in coupon form (including Notes registrable as to principal only)
        and to provide for exchangeability of such Notes with the Notes issued
        hereunder in fully registered form and to make all appropriate changes
        for such purpose;

                (f)     to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any
        provision contained herein or in any supplemental indenture which may be
        defective or inconsistent with any other provision contained herein or
        in any supplemental indenture, or to make such other provisions in
        regard to matters or questions arising under this Indenture which shall
        not be inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture and which
        shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of the Notes;

                (g)     to evidence and provide for the acceptance of
        appointment hereunder by a successor Trustee with respect to the Notes;
        or

                (h)     to modify, eliminate or add to the provisions of this
        Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to effect the
        qualifications of this Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act, or under
        any similar federal statute hereafter enacted.

                (i)     to mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or grant a security
        interest in any property or assets in favor of the Trustee for the
        benefit of the Holders as security for the payment and performance of
        this Indenture Obligations; or

                (j)     release Collateral from the Liens under this Indenture
        and the Security Documents when permitted or required by this Indenture
        or the Security Documents and to otherwise give effect to the
        Intercreditor Agreement or Section 4.3;

                                       99
<PAGE>

                (k)     to allow any Guarantor to execute a supplemental
        indenture or Guarantee with respect to the Notes.

        The Trustee is hereby directed and authorized to join with the Company
in the execution of any such supplemental indenture, to make any further
appropriate agreements and stipulations which may be therein contained and to
accept the conveyance, transfer and assignment of any property thereunder;
provided, however, the Trustee shall not be obligated to and may, in its
discretion, enter into any supplemental indenture that affects the Trustee's own
rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

        Any amendment or supplemental indenture authorized by the provisions of
this Section 11.1 may be executed by the Company and the Trustee without the
consent of the holders of any of the Notes at the time outstanding,
notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 11.2.

        Section 11.2.   Amendments; Supplemental Indentures with Consent of
                        Noteholders

        With the consent (evidenced as provided in Article IX) of the holders of
not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time
outstanding (determined in accordance with Section 9.4), the Company, when
authorized by a Board Resolution, and the Trustee may from time to time and at
any time amend or supplement, the Notes, the Security Documents or this
Indenture for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner
or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture or any supplemental
indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Notes;
provided, however, that no such amendment or supplemental indenture shall (i)
extend the fixed maturity of any Note, change a place of payment or reduce the
rate or extend the time of payment of interest thereon, or reduce the principal
amount thereof or premium, if any, thereon, or reduce any amount payable on
redemption or repurchase thereof, impair, or change in any respect adverse to
the Holder of Notes, the obligation of the Company to repurchase any Note at the
option of the Holder pursuant to Sections 5.10 or 5.15, or impair or adversely
affect the right of any Noteholder to institute suit for the payment thereof, or
change the currency in which the Notes are payable, or impair or change in any
respect adverse to the Noteholders the right to convert the Notes into Common
Stock subject to the terms set forth herein, including Section 15.6, without the
consent of the Holder of each Note so affected, or (ii) reduce the aforesaid
percentage of Notes, the holders of which are required to consent to any such
supplemental indenture, or modify this paragraph, without the consent of the
holders of all Notes then outstanding; provided, further, however, that any
amendment or supplemental indenture that disproportionately affects the rights
of a Noteholder or a class of Noteholder shall require the prior consent of such
Noteholder or the prior consent of Noteholders holding a majority of the
principal amount of Notes then held by such class, as applicable.

        Upon the request of the Company, accompanied by a copy of the a Board
Resolution authorizing the execution of any such amendment or supplemental
indenture, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence of the consent of
Noteholders as aforesaid, the Trustee shall join with the Company in the
execution of such amendment or supplemental indenture unless such amendment or
supplemental indenture affects the Trustee's own rights, duties or immunities
under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in is
discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such amendment or
supplemental indenture.

                                       100
<PAGE>

        It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Noteholders under this
Section 11.2 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment or
supplemental indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve
the substance thereof.

        Section 11.3.   Effect of Amendments and Supplemental Indentures

        Any amendment or supplemental indenture executed pursuant to the
provisions of this Article XI shall comply with the Trust Indenture Act, as then
in effect; provided that this Section 11.3 shall not require such amendment or
supplemental indenture or the Trustee to be qualified under the Trust Indenture
Act prior to the time such qualification is in fact required under the terms of
the Trust Indenture Act or the Indenture has been qualified under the Trust
Indenture Act, nor shall it constitute any admission or acknowledgement by any
party to such amendment or supplemental indenture that any such qualification is
required prior to the time such qualification is in fact required under the
terms of the Trust Indenture Act or the Indenture has been qualified under the
Trust Indenture Act. Upon the execution of any amendment or supplemental
indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article XI, this Indenture shall be
and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith and the
respective rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties and immunities
under this Indenture of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders of Notes shall
thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all
respects to such modifications and amendments and all the terms and conditions
of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be deemed to be part of the
terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes.

        Section 11.4.   Notation on Notes

        Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any amendment
or supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article XI may bear
a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such
amendment or supplemental indenture. If the Company or the Trustee shall so
determine, new Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee
and the Board of Directors, to any modification of this Indenture contained in
any such amendment or supplemental indenture may, at the Company's expense, be
prepared and executed by the Company, authenticated by the Trustee (or an
authenticating agent duly appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 16.10)
and delivered in exchange for the Notes then outstanding, upon surrender of such
Notes then Outstanding.

        Section 11.5.   Evidence of Compliance of Amendment or Supplemental
                        Indenture to be Furnished to Trustee

        The Trustee, subject to the provisions of Sections 8.1 and 8.2, shall
receive an Officers' Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that the
execution of a supplemental indenture is authorized and permitted by this
Indenture.

        Section 11.6.   Intercreditor Agreement.

        Amendments to the Security Documents shall be subject to Section 5.3 of
the Intercreditor Agreement.

                                       101

<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE XII.

                CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCE AND LEASE

        Section 12.1.   Company May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms

        The Company shall not, directly or indirectly, consolidate with or merge
with or into any other Person or sell, lease, convey or transfer all or
substantially all its assets, whether in a single transaction or a series of
related transactions, to any Person or group of affiliated Persons (other than
any of the foregoing involving solely the Company and a Restricted Subsidiary in
which the Company is the survivor or the purchaser) unless:

                (a)     either (i) the Company is the surviving entity or (ii)
        in case the Company shall consolidate with or merge into another Person
        or sell, lease, convey or transfer all or substantially all of its
        properties and assets, whether in a single transaction or a series of
        related transactions, to any Person, the Person formed by such
        consolidation or into which the Company is merged, or the Person which
        acquires by sale, conveyance or transfer, or which leases the properties
        and assets of the Company substantially as an entirety, shall be a
        corporation, limited liability company, partnership or trust, shall be
        organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States of
        America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and shall
        expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and
        delivered to the Trustee, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, the due
        and punctual payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest
        (including Liquidated Damages, if any) on all of the Notes as
        applicable, and the performance or observance of every covenant of this
        Indenture and the Security Documents on the part of the Company to be
        performed or observed and shall have provided for the applicable
        conversion rights set forth in Section 15.6;

                (b)     immediately after giving effect to such transaction on a
        pro forma basis (including, without limitation, any Indebtedness
        incurred or anticipated to be incurred in connection with or in respect
        of such transaction immediately after giving effect to such transaction)
        no Default or Event of Default shall have happened and be continuing;

                (c)     immediately after giving effect to such transaction on a
        pro forma basis (including, without limitation, any Indebtedness
        incurred or anticipated to be incurred in connection with or in respect
        of such transaction), the Company or the surviving entity (assuming such
        surviving entity's assumption of the Company's obligations under the
        Notes and this Indenture), as the case may be, would be able to incur
        $1.00 of Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness) under Section
        5.11; and

                (d)     the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers'
        Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such
        consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or lease and, if a
        supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction,
        such supplemental indenture complies with this Article XII and that all
        conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction
        have been complied with, together with any documents required under
        Article IX.

                                       102
<PAGE>

        Section 12.2.   Successor Entity to be Substituted

        In case of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance or lease in
accordance with Section 12.1, and, where required in accordance with Section
12.1(a) upon the assumption by the successor entity, by supplemental indenture,
executed and delivered to the Trustee and satisfactory in form to the Trustee,
of the due and punctual payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and
interest (including Liquidated Damages, if any) on all of the Notes and the due
and punctual performance of all of the covenants and conditions of this
Indenture to be performed by the Company, such successor entity shall succeed to
and be substituted for the Company, with the same effect as if it had been named
herein as the party of the first part. Such successor entity thereupon may cause
to be signed, and may issue either in its own name or in the name of RCN
Corporation any or all of the Notes issuable hereunder which theretofore shall
not have been signed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee; and, upon
Company Order of such successor entity instead of the Company and subject to all
the terms, conditions and limitations in this Indenture prescribed, the Trustee
shall authenticate and shall deliver, or cause to be authenticated and
delivered, any Notes which previously shall have been signed and delivered by
the officers of the Company to the Trustee for authentication, and any Notes
which such successor entity thereafter shall cause to be signed and delivered to
the Trustee for that purpose. All the Notes so issued shall in all respects have
the same legal rank and benefit under this Indenture as the Notes theretofore or
thereafter issued in accordance with the terms of this Indenture as though all
of such Notes had been issued at the date of the execution hereof. In the event
of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance or lease, the Person named
as the "Company" in the first paragraph of this Indenture or any successor which
shall thereafter have become such in the manner prescribed in this Article XII
may be dissolved, wound up and liquidated at any time thereafter and such Person
shall be released from its liabilities as obligor and maker of the Notes and
from its obligations under this Indenture.

        In case of any such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance or lease,
such changes in phraseology and form (but not in substance) may be made in the
Notes thereafter to be issued as may be appropriate.

                                  ARTICLE XIII.

                     SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE OF INDENTURE

        Section 13.1.   Discharge of Indenture

        When (a) the Company shall deliver to the Trustee for cancellation all
Notes theretofore authenticated (other than any Notes that have been destroyed,
lost or stolen and in lieu of or in substitution for which other Notes shall
have been authenticated and delivered) and not theretofore canceled, or (b) all
the Notes not theretofore canceled or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation
shall have become due and payable, or are by their terms to become due and
payable within one year or are to be called for redemption within one year under
arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption,
and the Company shall have deposited with the Trustee, in trust, funds
sufficient to pay at maturity or upon redemption of all of the Notes (other than
any Notes which shall have been mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen and in lieu
of or in substitution for which other Notes shall have been authenticated and
delivered)

                                       103
<PAGE>

not theretofore canceled or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, including
principal and premium, if any, and interest (including Liquidated Damages, if
any) due or to become due to such date of maturity or redemption date, as the
case may be, and if in either case the Company shall also pay or cause to be
paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Company, then this Indenture shall
cease to be of further effect (except as to (i) remaining rights of registration
of transfer, substitution and exchange and conversion of Notes, (ii) rights
hereunder of Noteholders to receive payments of principal of and premium, if
any, and interest on, the Notes and the other rights, duties and obligations of
Noteholders, as beneficiaries hereof with respect to the amounts, if any, so
deposited with the Trustee and (iii) the rights, obligations and immunities of
the Trustee hereunder), and the Trustee, on demand of the Company accompanied by
an Officers' Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as required by Section 16.5
each stating that the conditions precedent hereunder relating to satisfaction
and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with, and at the cost and
expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging
satisfaction of and discharging this Indenture; the Company, however, hereby
agreeing to reimburse the Trustee for any costs or expenses thereafter
reasonably and properly incurred by the Trustee and to compensate the Trustee
for any services thereafter reasonably and properly rendered by the Trustee in
connection with this Indenture or the Notes.

        Section 13.2.   Deposited Monies to be Held in Trust by Trustee

        Subject to Section 13.4, all monies deposited with the Trustee pursuant
to Section 13.1 shall be held in trust and applied by it to the payment, either
directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company if acting as its own
Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the holders of the particular
Notes for the payment or redemption of which such monies have been deposited
with the Trustee, of all sums due and to become due thereon for principal and
interest and premium, if any; but such monies need not be segregated from other
funds except to the extent required by law.

        Section 13.3.   Paying Agent to Repay Monies Held

        Upon the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, all monies then
held by any Paying Agent of the Notes (other than the Trustee) shall, upon
demand of the Company, be repaid to it or paid to the Trustee, and thereupon
such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to
such monies.

        Section 13.4.   Return of Unclaimed Monies

        Subject to the requirements of applicable law, any monies deposited with
or paid to the Trustee for payment of the principal of, premium, if any, or
interest on Notes and not applied but remaining unclaimed by the holders of
Notes for two (2) years after the date upon which the principal of, premium, if
any, or interest (including Liquidated Damages, if any) on such Notes, as the
case may be, shall have become due and payable, shall be repaid to the Company
by the Trustee on written demand and all liability of the Trustee shall
thereupon cease with respect to such monies; and the Holder of any of the Notes
shall thereafter look only to the Company for any payment which such Holder may
be entitled to collect unless an applicable abandoned property law designates
another Person.

                                       104
<PAGE>

        Section 13.5.   Reinstatement

        If (i) the Trustee or the Paying Agent is unable to apply any money in
accordance with Section 13.2 by reason of any order or judgment of any court or
governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such
application and (ii) the holders of at least a majority in principal amount of
the then outstanding Notes so request by written notice to the Trustee, the
Company's obligations under this Indenture and the Notes shall be revived and
reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 13.1 until such
time as the Trustee or the Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in
accordance with Section 13.2; provided, however, that if the Company makes any
payment of interest on or principal of any Note following the reinstatement of
its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights of the holders of
such Notes to receive such payment from the money held by the Trustee or Paying
Agent.

                                  ARTICLE XIV.

                           NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS

        Section 14.1.   Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations

        No direct or indirect partner, employee, incorporator, shareholder,
director or officer, as such, past, present or future of the Company or any
successor corporation or any Subsidiary or any of the Company's Affiliates,
shall have any personal liability in respect of the obligations of the Company
under the Notes or this Indenture solely by reason of his, her or its status as
such partner, employee, incorporator, shareholder, director or officer. Nothing
herein shall, however, affect the liability of any Guarantor. Each Noteholder by
accepting a Note waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release
are part of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes.

                                   ARTICLE XV.

                               CONVERSION OF NOTES

        Section 15.1.   Right to Convert

        Subject to and upon compliance with the provisions of this Indenture,
the Holder of any Note shall have the right, at the Holder's option, at any time
following the date of original issuance of the Notes (except that, with respect
to any Note or portion of a Note that shall be called for redemption, such right
shall terminate, except as provided in the fifth paragraph of Section 15.2 and
Section 3.4, at the close of business on the last Business Day prior to the date
fixed for redemption of such Note or portion of a Note unless the Company shall
default in payment due upon redemption thereof), to convert the principal amount
of any such Note, or any portion of such principal amount which is One Thousand
United States Dollars ($1,000) or an integral multiple thereof, into that number
of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (as such shares shall
then be constituted) obtained by dividing the principal amount of the Note or
portion thereof surrendered for conversion by the Conversion Price in effect at
such

                                       105
<PAGE>

time, by surrender of the Note so to be converted in whole or in part in the
manner provided in Section 15.2.

        Section 15.2.   Exercise of Conversion Privilege; Issuance of Common
                        Stock on Conversion

        In order to exercise the conversion privilege with respect to any
Definitive Note, the Holder of such Definitive Note then registered on the books
of the Company shall (i) deliver a written notice, in the form of the conversion
notice attached hereto as Exhibit B, or a facsimile thereof (the "Conversion
Notice"), to the Trustee, the Company (with a copy to the Company's legal
counsel) and the transfer agent at Mellor Investor Services, telephone (201)
329-8518, facsimile (201) 329-8967, Attention: Susan O'Henry, of such Holder's
election to convert, which notice shall specify that all of such Note shall be
converted or the portion thereof to be converted (which shall be One Thousand
United States Dollars ($1,000) or an integral multiple thereof) and the name or
names (with address) in which the shares of Common Stock which shall be issuable
on such conversion shall be issued, (ii) pay by wire transfer of immediately
available funds or other method acceptable to the Company the transfer,
registration or other similar taxes, if any, required pursuant to Section 15.7,
and (iii) surrender the Definitive Note to be converted in whole or in part to a
common carrier for overnight delivery to the Company as soon as practicable
following such date (or an indemnification undertaking or other form of security
reasonably satisfactory to the Company with respect to the Definitive Note in
the case of its loss, theft or destruction). Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, in the case of Global Securities, conversion notices may be
delivered and a Participant's interest in a Global Note may be surrendered for
conversion in accordance with the Applicable Procedures as in effect from time
to time. Each Note surrendered for conversion shall, unless the shares issuable
on conversion are to be issued in the same name as the registration of such
Note, be duly endorsed by, or be accompanied by instruments of transfer
(including a broker's letter regarding compliance with the prospectus delivery
requirement, if applicable) in form satisfactory to the Company duly executed
by, the Holder or his duly authorized attorney.

        The Company shall use its best efforts to, within three (3) Business
Days after the Conversion Date (as defined below) with respect to any Note,
subject to compliance with any restrictions on transfer if shares issuable on
conversion are to be issued in a name other than that of the Noteholder (as if
such transfer were a transfer of the Note or Notes (or portion thereof) so
converted) (a)(i) in the case of a public resale of the Common Stock issuable
upon such conversion, at the Holder's request, credit such aggregate number of
shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holder's or
its designee's balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its
Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system or (ii) issue and deliver to the
address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a certificate, registered in the
name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of full shares of Common
Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled upon such conversion, and (b)
deliver to such Holder a check or cash in respect of any fractional interest in
respect of a share of Common Stock arising upon such conversion, as provided in
Section 15.4 (which payment, if any, shall be paid no later than five (5)
Business Days after the Conversion Date). In case any Note of a denomination
greater than One Thousand United States Dollars ($1,000) shall be surrendered
for partial conversion, and subject to Section 2.3, the Company shall execute
and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder of the Note so
surrendered, without charge to him, a new Note or Notes in

                                       106
<PAGE>

authorized denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the
unconverted portion of the surrendered Note.

        Subject to Article IV, if the Company shall not have delivered the
number of shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of Notes by any Holder
within five (5) Business Days after the Conversion Date with respect to such
Notes, the Company shall pay Liquidated Damages to such Holder at the rate of
one-half percent (0.5%) per month of the outstanding principal amount of Notes
so converted by such Holder.

        The conversion shall be deemed to have been effected as to any such Note
(or portion thereof) on the date on which the requirements set forth above in
this Section 15.2 have been satisfied as to such Note (or portion thereof) (such
date, the "Conversion Date"), and the Person in whose name any shares of Common
Stock shall be issuable upon such conversion shall be deemed to have become on
the Conversion Date the Holder of record of the shares represented thereby;
provided, however, that any such surrender on any date when the stock transfer
books of the Company shall be closed shall constitute the Person in whose name
the certificates are to be issued as the record Holder thereof for all purposes
on the next succeeding day on which such stock transfer books are open, but such
conversion shall be at the Conversion Price in effect on the date upon which
such Note shall be surrendered. For purposes of determining satisfaction of the
requirement set forth above with respect to the Conversion Date for any Note,
any facsimile required to be sent shall be deemed to have been sent on a given
day if such facsimile was received before 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on such
date, to the number listed above (unless a different number is specified in a
notice filed with the Trustee and mailed by the Trustee, at the Company's
expense, to each Holder of the Notes at such Holder's address appearing in the
Note Register, as provided for in Section 2.5 of this Indenture) and a
confirmation of transmission of such facsimile is obtained.

        The Company shall pay in cash, on any Note or portion thereof
surrendered for conversion during the period from the close of business on any
Interest Payment Date to which interest has been fully paid through the close of
business on the Business Day preceding the record date for the next such
Interest Payment Date, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Note or
portion thereof surrendered for conversion to, but excluding, the date of
conversion, and Liquidated Damages, if any. Subject to Article IV, any such
payment of interest shall be made with respect to such Note within ten (10)
Business Days after the Conversion Date. Nothing in this Section 15.2 shall
affect the right of a Holder in whose name any Note is registered at the close
of business on a record date to receive the interest payable on such Note on the
related Interest Payment Date in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and
the Note. Except as provided in this Section 15.2, no adjustment shall be made
for interest accrued on any Note converted or for dividends on any shares issued
upon the conversion of such Note as provided in this Article.

        Section 15.3.   Intentionally Omitted

        Section 15.4.   Cash Payments in Lieu of Fractional Shares

        No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractional
shares shall be issued upon conversion of Notes. If more than one Note shall be
surrendered for conversion at

                                       107
<PAGE>

one time by the same Holder, the number of full shares which shall be issuable
upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate
principal amount of the Notes (or specified portions thereof to the extent
permitted hereby) so surrendered for conversion. If any fractional share of
stock otherwise would be issuable upon the conversion of any Note or Notes, the
Company shall calculate and pay a cash adjustment in lieu of such fractional
share at the current market value thereof to the Holder of Notes. For purposes
of this Section 15.4, the current market value of a share of Common Stock shall
be the Closing Price (determined as provided in Section 15.6(f)) on the first
Trading Day immediately preceding the day on which the Notes (or specified
portions thereof) are deemed to have been converted.

        Section 15.5.   Conversion Price

        The conversion price shall be as specified in the form of Note (herein
called the "Conversion Price") attached as Exhibit A hereto, subject to
adjustment as provided in this Article XV.

        Section 15.6.   Adjustment of Conversion Price

        The Conversion Price shall be adjusted from time to time by the Company
as follows:

                (a)     In case the Company shall hereafter pay a dividend or
        make a distribution to all holders of the outstanding Common Stock in
        shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect at the opening of
        business on the date following the date fixed for the determination of
        shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution
        shall be reduced by multiplying such Conversion Price by a fraction of
        which (i) the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
        outstanding at the close of business on the Record Date (as defined in
        Section 15.6(f)) fixed for such determination and (ii) the denominator
        shall be the sum of such number of shares and the total number of shares
        constituting such dividend or other distribution, such reduction in the
        Conversion Price to become effective immediately after the opening of
        business on the day following the Record Date. If any dividend or
        distribution of the type described in this Section 15.6(a) is declared
        but not so paid or made, the Conversion Price shall again be adjusted to
        the Conversion Price which would then be in effect if such dividend or
        distribution had not been declared.

                (b)     In case the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be
        subdivided into a greater number of shares of Common Stock, the
        Conversion Price in effect at the opening of business on the day
        following the day upon which such subdivision becomes effective shall be
        proportionately reduced, and conversely, in case outstanding shares of
        Common Stock shall be combined into a smaller number of shares of Common
        Stock, the Conversion Price in effect at the opening of business on the
        day following the day upon which such combination becomes effective
        shall be proportionately increased, such reduction or increase, as the
        case may be, to become effective immediately after the opening of
        business on the day following the day upon which such subdivision or
        combination becomes effective.

                                       108
<PAGE>

                (c)     In case the Company shall issue rights or warrants to
        all holders of its outstanding shares of Common Stock entitling them to
        subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock at a price per share
        less than the Current Market Price (as defined in Section 15.6(f)) on
        the Record Date fixed for the determination of shareholders entitled to
        receive such rights or warrants, the Conversion Price shall be adjusted
        so that the same shall equal the price determined by multiplying the
        Conversion Price in effect at the opening of business on the date after
        such Record Date by a fraction of which (i) the numerator shall be the
        sum of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at the close of
        business on the Record Date plus the number of shares that the aggregate
        offering price of the total number of shares so offered for subscription
        or purchase would purchase at such Current Market Price, and of which
        (ii) the denominator shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common
        Stock outstanding at the close of business on the Record Date plus the
        total number of additional shares of Common Stock so offered for
        subscription or purchase. Such adjustment shall become effective
        immediately after the opening of business on the day following the
        Record Date fixed for determination of shareholders entitled to receive
        such rights or warrants. To the extent that shares of Common Stock are
        not delivered pursuant to such rights or warrants, upon the expiration
        or termination of such rights or warrants the Conversion Price shall be
        readjusted to the Conversion Price that would then be in effect had the
        adjustments made upon the issuance of such rights or warrants been made
        on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock
        actually delivered. In the event that such rights or warrants are not so
        issued, the Conversion Price shall again be adjusted to be the
        Conversion Price that would then be in effect if such date fixed for the
        determination of shareholders entitled to receive such rights or
        warrants had not been fixed. In determining whether any rights or
        warrants entitle the holders to subscribe for or purchase shares of
        Common Stock at less than such Current Market Price, and in determining
        the aggregate offering price of such shares of Common Stock, there shall
        be taken into account any consideration received for such rights or
        warrants, the value of such consideration, if other than cash, to be
        determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

                (d)     In case the Company shall, by dividend or otherwise,
        distribute to all holders of its Common Stock shares of any class of
        capital stock of the Company (other than any dividends or distributions
        to which Section 15.6(a) applies) or evidences of its indebtedness or
        other assets (including securities, but excluding (1) any rights or
        warrants referred to in Section 15.6(c) and (2) dividends and
        distributions paid exclusively in cash (except as set forth in Section
        15.6(f), (the foregoing hereinafter in this Section 15.6(d) called the
        "Additional Securities")), unless the Company elects to reserve such
        Additional Securities for distribution to the Noteholders upon
        conversion of the Notes so that any such Holder converting Notes will
        receive upon such conversion, in addition to the shares of Common Stock
        to which such Holder is entitled, the amount and kind of such Additional
        Securities which such Holder would have received if such Holder had
        converted its Notes into Common Stock immediately prior to the Record
        Date (as defined in Section 15.6(f)) for such distribution of the
        Additional Securities then, in each such case, the Conversion Price
        shall be reduced so that the same shall be equal to the price determined
        by multiplying the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the
        close of business on the Record Date with respect to such distribution
        by a fraction of which (i) the numerator shall be the Current Market
        Price (determined as provided in Section

                                       109
<PAGE>

        15.6(f)) on such date less the fair market value (as determined in good
        faith by the Board of Directors, whose determination shall be conclusive
        and described in a Board Resolution) on such date of the portion of the
        Additional Securities so distributed applicable to one share of Common
        Stock and (ii) the denominator shall be such Current Market Price, such
        reduction to become effective immediately prior to the opening of
        business on the day following the Record Date; provided, however, that
        in the event the then fair market value (as so determined) of the
        portion of the Additional Securities so distributed applicable to one
        share of Common Stock is equal to or greater than the Current Market
        Price on the Record Date, in lieu of the foregoing adjustment, adequate
        provision shall be made so that each Noteholder shall have the right to
        receive upon conversion of a Note (or any portion thereof) the amount of
        Common Stock such Holder would have received had such Holder converted
        such Note (or portion thereof) immediately prior to such Record Date. In
        the event that such dividend or distribution is not so paid or made, the
        Conversion Price shall again be adjusted to be the Conversion Price
        which would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not
        been declared. If the Board of Directors determines the fair market
        value of any distribution for purposes of this Section 15.6(d) by
        reference to the actual or when issued trading market for any securities
        comprising all or part of such distribution, it must in doing so
        consider the prices in such market over the same period (the "Reference
        Period") used in computing the Current Market Price pursuant to Section
        15.6(f) to the extent possible, unless the Board of Directors in a Board
        Resolution determines in good faith that determining the fair market
        value during the Reference Period would not be in the best interest of
        the Noteholder.

        In the event that the Company implements a new shareholder rights plan,
such rights plan shall provide that upon conversion of the Notes the holders
will receive, in addition to the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the
rights issued under such rights plan as if the holders had converted the Notes
prior to implementing the rights plan and notwithstanding the occurrence of an
event causing such rights to separate from the Common Stock at or prior to the
time of conversion. Any distribution of rights or warrants pursuant to a
shareholder rights plan complying with the requirements set forth in the
immediately preceding sentence of this paragraph shall not constitute a
distribution of rights or warrants for the purposes of this Section 15.6(d).

        Rights or warrants distributed by the Company to all holders of Common
Stock entitling the holders thereof to subscribe for or purchase shares of the
Company's capital stock (either initially or under certain circumstances), which
rights or warrants, until the occurrence of a specified event or events
("Trigger Event"): (i) are deemed to be transferred with such shares of Common
Stock; (ii) are not exercisable; and (iii) are also issued in respect of future
issuances of Common Stock, shall be deemed not to have been distributed for
purposes of this Section 15.6(d) (and no adjustment to the Conversion Price
under this Section 15.6(d) will be required) until the occurrence of the
earliest Trigger Event. If such right or warrant is subject to subsequent
events, upon the occurrence of which such right or warrant shall become
exercisable to purchase different securities, evidences of indebtedness or other
assets or entitles the Holder to purchase a different number or amount of the
foregoing or to purchase any of the foregoing at a different purchase price,
then the occurrence of each such event shall be deemed to be the date of
issuance and record date with respect to a new right or warrant (and a
termination or expiration of the

                                       110
<PAGE>

existing right or warrant without exercise by the Holder thereof). In addition,
in the event of any distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights or warrants,
or any Trigger Event or other event (of the type described in the preceding
sentence) with respect thereto, that resulted in an adjustment to the Conversion
Price under this Section 15.6(d), (1) in the case of any such rights or warrants
that shall all have been redeemed or repurchased without exercise by any holders
thereof, the Conversion Price shall be readjusted upon such final redemption or
repurchase to give effect to such distribution or Trigger Event, as the case may
be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption or
repurchase price received by a Holder of Common Stock with respect to such
rights or warrants (assuming such Holder had retained such rights or warrants),
made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such redemption or
repurchase, and (2) in the case of such rights or warrants all of which shall
have expired or been terminated without exercise, the Conversion Price shall be
readjusted as if such rights and warrants had never been issued.

        For purposes of this Section 15.6(d) and Sections 15.6(a) and (c), any
dividend or distribution to which this Section 15.6(d) is applicable that also
includes shares of Common Stock, or rights or warrants to subscribe for or
purchase shares of Common Stock to which Section 15.6(a) or 15.6(c) applies (or
both), shall be deemed instead to be (1) a dividend or distribution of the
evidences of indebtedness, assets, shares of capital stock, rights or warrants
other than such shares of Common Stock or rights or warrants to which Section
15.6(c) applies (and any Conversion Price reduction required by this Section
15.6(d) with respect to such dividend or distribution shall then be made)
immediately followed by (2) a dividend or distribution of such shares of Common
Stock or such rights or warrants (and any further Conversion Price reduction
required by Sections 15.6(a) and (c) with respect to such dividend or
distribution shall then be made, except (A) the Record Date of such dividend or
distribution shall be substituted as "the date fixed for the determination of
shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution", "Record
Date fixed for such determination" and "Record Date" within the meaning of
Section 15.6(a) and as "the Record Date fixed for the determination of the
shareholders entitled to receive such rights or warrants" and "such Record Date"
within the meaning of Section 15.6(c) and (B) any shares of Common Stock
included in such dividend or distribution shall not be deemed "outstanding at
the close of business on the Record Date fixed for such determination" within
the meaning of Section 15.6(a).

        In case the Company shall, by dividend or otherwise, distribute to all
holders of its Common Stock cash (excluding any cash that is distributed upon a
merger or consolidation to which Section 15.7 applies or as part of a
distribution referred to in Section 15.6), then immediately after the close of
business on the Record Date for the distribution, the Conversion Price shall be
reduced so that the same shall equal the price determined by multiplying the
Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on such
Record Date by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be equal to the
Current Market Price on the Record Date less an amount equal to the quotient of
(x) such combined amount and (y) the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding on the Record Date and (ii) the denominator of which shall be equal
to the Current Market Price on such date; provided, however, that in the event
the portion of the cash so distributed applicable to one (1) share of Common
Stock is equal to or greater than the Current Market Price of the Common Stock
on the Record Date, in lieu of the foregoing adjustment, adequate provision
shall be made so that each Holder shall have the right to receive upon
conversion of a Note (or any portion thereof) the amount of cash such Holder
would have

                                       111
<PAGE>

received had such Holder converted such Note (or portion thereof) immediately
prior to such Record Date. In the event that such dividend or distribution is
not so paid or made, the Conversion Price shall again be adjusted to be the
Conversion Price that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution
had not been declared.

                (e)     In the event that (i) no later than one (1) Business Day
        following the Issue Date, the Starpower Acquisition occurs and (ii) no
        later than 9:00 a.m. on the date that is two (2) Business Days following
        the Issue Date, the Company files with the Trustee and any conversion
        agent other than the Trustee an Officers' Certificate setting forth the
        Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a summary of
        the terms of the Starpower Acquisition, which Officers' Certificate
        shall include a certification that the Company irrevocably acquired, on
        or before 12:00 p.m. New York City time on that date that is the first
        Business Day following the Issue Date, ownership of 100% of the
        membership interests of Starpower, then the Conversion Price on the
        Notes shall increase from $24.00 (subject to adjustments to the
        Conversion Price resulting from Sections 15.6(a) through (d) above
        occurring on or after the Issue Date and on or before the date of
        consummation of the Starpower Acquisition) to $25.16.

                (f)     For purposes of this Section 15.6, the following terms
        shall have the meaning indicated:

                        (1)     "Closing Price" with respect to any securities
                on any day shall mean the closing sale price regular way on such
                day or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the
                average of the reported closing bid and asked prices, regular
                way, in each case on the Nasdaq National Market or New York
                Stock Exchange, as applicable, or, if such security is not
                listed or admitted to trading on such National Market or
                Exchange, on the principal national security exchange or
                quotation system on which such security is quoted or listed or
                admitted to trading, or, if not quoted or listed or admitted to
                trading on any national securities exchange or quotation system,
                the average of the closing bid and asked prices of such security
                on the over-the-counter market on the day in question as
                reported by the National Quotation Bureau Incorporated, or a
                similar generally accepted reporting service, or if not so
                available, in such manner as furnished by any New York Stock
                Exchange member firm selected from time to time by the Board of
                Directors for that purpose, or a price determined in good faith
                by the Board of Directors, whose determination shall be
                conclusive and described in a Board Resolution.

                        (2)     "Current Market Price" shall mean the average of
                the daily Closing Prices per share of Common Stock for the ten
                (10) consecutive Trading Days immediately prior to the date in
                question; provided, however, that (1) if the "ex" date (as
                hereinafter defined) for any event (other than the issuance or
                distribution requiring such computation) that requires an
                adjustment to the Conversion Price pursuant to Section 15.6(a),
                (b), (c) or (d) occurs during such ten (10) consecutive Trading
                Days, the Closing Price for each Trading Day prior to the "ex"
                date for such other event shall be adjusted by multiplying such
                Closing Price by the same fraction by which the Conversion Price
                is so required to be adjusted as a result of

                                       112
<PAGE>

                such other event, (2) if the "ex" date for any event (other than
                the issuance or distribution requiring such computation) that
                requires an adjustment to the Conversion Price pursuant to
                Section 15.6(a), (b), (c) or (d) occurs on or after the "ex"
                date for the issuance or distribution requiring such computation
                and prior to the day in question, the Closing Price for each
                Trading Day on and after the "ex" date for such other event
                shall be adjusted by multiplying such Closing Price by the
                reciprocal of the fraction by which the Conversion Price is so
                required to be adjusted as a result of such other event, and (3)
                if the "ex" date for the issuance or distribution requiring such
                computation is prior to the day in question, after taking into
                account any adjustment required pursuant to clause (1) or (2) of
                this proviso, the Closing Price for each Trading Day on or after
                such "ex" date shall be adjusted by adding thereto the amount of
                any cash and the fair market value (as determined in good faith
                by the Company's Board of Directors in a manner consistent with
                any determination of such value for purposes of Section 15.6(d),
                whose determination shall be conclusive and described in a Board
                Resolution) of the evidences of indebtedness, shares of capital
                stock or assets being distributed applicable to one share of
                Common Stock as of the close of business on the day before such
                "ex" date. For purposes of this paragraph, the term "ex" date,
                (1) when used with respect to any issuance or distribution,
                means the first date on which the Common Stock trades regular
                way on the relevant exchange or in the relevant market from
                which the Closing Price was obtained without the right to
                receive such issuance or distribution and (2) when used with
                respect to any subdivision or combination of shares of Common
                Stock, means the first date on which the Common Stock trades
                regular way on such exchange or in such market after the time at
                which such subdivision or combination becomes effective.
                Notwithstanding the foregoing, whenever successive adjustments
                to the Conversion Price are called for pursuant to this Section
                15.6, such adjustments shall be made to the Current Market Price
                as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate the intent of
                this Section 15.6 and to avoid unjust or inequitable results as
                determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

                        (3)     "fair market value" shall mean the amount which
                a willing buyer would pay a willing seller in an arm's length
                transaction.

                        (4)     "Record Date" shall mean, with respect to any
                dividend, distribution or other transaction or event in which
                the holders of Common Stock have the right to receive any cash,
                securities or other property or in which the Common Stock (or
                other applicable security) is exchanged for or converted into
                any combination of cash, securities or other property, the date
                fixed for determination of shareholders entitled to receive such
                cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed
                by the Board of Directors or by statute, contract or otherwise).

                        (5)     "Trading Day" shall mean (x) if the applicable
                security is listed or admitted for trading on the New York Stock
                Exchange or another national security exchange, a day on which
                the New York Stock Exchange or such other national security
                exchange, as applicable, is open for business or (y) if the

                                       113
<PAGE>

                applicable security is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market, a
                day on which trades may be made thereon or (z) if the applicable
                security is not so listed, admitted for trading or quoted, a
                Business Day.

                        (g)     The Company may make such reductions in the
                Conversion Price, in addition to those required by Sections
                15.6(a), (b), (c), (d) or (e), as the Board of Directors
                considers to be advisable to avoid or diminish any income tax to
                holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock
                resulting from any dividend or distribution of stock (or rights
                to acquire stock) or from any event treated as such for income
                tax purposes.

                        (h)     To the extent permitted by applicable law, the
                Company from time to time may reduce the Conversion Price by any
                amount for any period of time if the period is at least twenty
                (20) days, the reduction is irrevocable during the period and
                the Board of Directors shall have made a determination that such
                reduction would be in the best interests of the Company, which
                determination shall be conclusive and described in a Board
                Resolution. Whenever the Conversion Price is reduced pursuant to
                the preceding sentence, the Company shall mail to the Holder of
                each Note at his last address appearing on the Note Register
                provided for in Section 2.5 a notice of the reduction at least
                five (5) days prior to the date the reduced Conversion Price
                takes effect, and such notice shall state the reduced Conversion
                Price and the period during which it will be in effect.

                        (i)     Except for an adjustment pursuant to Section
                15.6(e), no adjustment in the Conversion Price shall be required
                under this Section 15.6 unless such adjustment would require an
                increase or decrease of at least one percent (1%) in such price;
                provided, however, that any adjustments which by reason of this
                Section 15.6(i) are not required to be made shall be carried
                forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment. All
                calculations under this Article XV shall be made by the Company
                and shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest one
                hundredth of a share, as the case may be. No adjustment need be
                made for a change in the par value or no par value of the Common
                Stock.

                        (j)     Subject to the requirements of Section 15.6(e),
                whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted as provided in this
                Section 15.6, the Company shall promptly, and in no event later
                than five (5) Business Days following the date of the
                adjustment, file with the Trustee and any conversion agent other
                than the Trustee an Officers' Certificate setting forth the
                Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief
                statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. Promptly after
                the filing of such certificate, and in no event later than five
                (5) Business Days following the date on which the Officers'
                Certificate is filed with the Trustee pursuant to this Section
                15.6(j), the Company shall prepare a notice of such adjustment
                of the Conversion Price setting forth the adjusted Conversion
                Price and the date on which each adjustment becomes effective
                and shall mail such notice of such adjustment of the Conversion
                Price to the Holder of each Note at his last address appearing
                on the Note Register provided for in Section 2.5, within twenty
                (20) days of the effective date of such adjustment. Failure to
                deliver such notice shall not effect the legality or validity of
                any such adjustment.

                                       114
<PAGE>

                        (k)     In any case in which this Section 15.6 provides
                that an adjustment shall become effective immediately after a
                Record Date for an event, the Company may defer until the
                occurrence of such event (i) issuing to the Holder of any Note
                converted after such Record Date and before the occurrence of
                such event the additional shares of Common Stock issuable upon
                such conversion by reason of the adjustment required by such
                event over and above the Common Stock issuable upon such
                conversion before giving effect to such adjustment and (ii)
                paying to such Holder any amount in cash in lieu of any fraction
                pursuant to Section 15.4.

                        (l)     For purposes of this Section 15.6, the number of
                shares of Common Stock at any time outstanding shall not include
                shares held in the treasury of the Company but shall include
                shares issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu
                of fractions of shares of Common Stock. The Company will not pay
                any dividend or make any distribution on shares of Common Stock
                held in the treasury of the Company.

        Section 15.7.   Effect of Reclassification, Consolidation, Merger or
                        Sale

        If any of the following events occur, namely (i) any reclassification or
change of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than a change in par
value, or from par value to no par value, or from no par value to par value, or
as a result of a subdivision or combination), (ii) any consolidation, merger or
combination of the Company with another Person as a result of which holders of
Common Stock shall be entitled to receive stock, securities or other property or
assets (including cash) with respect to or in exchange for such Common Stock
(other than as a result of a change in name, a change in par value or a change
in the jurisdiction of incorporation), (iii) any statutory exchange as a result
of which holders of Common Stock generally shall be entitled to receive stock,
securities or other property or assets (including cash) with respect to or in
exchange for such Common Stock (such transaction, a "Statutory Exchange"), or
(iv) any sale or conveyance of the properties and assets of the Company as, or
substantially as, an entirety to any other Person as a result of which holders
of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive stock, securities or other property
or assets (including cash) with respect to or in exchange for such Common Stock,
then the Company or the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be,
shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture (which shall comply with
the Trust Indenture Act as in force at the date of execution of such
supplemental indenture if such supplemental indenture is then required to so
comply) providing that such Note shall be convertible into the kind and amount
of shares of stock and other securities or property or assets (including cash)
receivable upon such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger,
combination, Statutory Exchange, sale or conveyance by a Holder of a number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Notes (assuming, for
such purposes, a sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock
available to convert all such Notes) immediately prior to such reclassification,
change, consolidation, merger, combination, Statutory Exchange, sale or
conveyance assuming such Holder of Common Stock did not exercise his rights of
election, if any, that holders of Common Stock who were entitled to vote or
consent to such transaction had as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or
other property receivable upon such consolidation, merger, combination,
Statutory Exchange, sale or conveyance (provided that, if the kind or amount of
securities, cash or other property receivable upon such consolidation, merger,
combination, Statutory Exchange, sale or conveyance is not the same for each
share of Common Stock in respect of which such rights of election shall not have
been

                                       115
<PAGE>

exercised ("non-electing share"), then for the purposes of this Section
15.7 the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property receivable upon
such consolidation, merger, combination, Statutory Exchange, sale or conveyance
for each non-electing share shall be deemed to be the kind and amount so
receivable per share by a plurality of the non-electing shares). Such
supplemental indenture shall provide for adjustments which shall be as nearly
equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in this Article
XV. If, in the case of any such reclassification, change, consolidation, merger,
combination, Statutory Exchange, sale or conveyance, the stock or other
securities and assets receivable thereupon by a Holder of shares of Common Stock
include shares of stock or other securities and assets of a Person other than
the successor or purchasing Person, as the case may be, in such
reclassification, change, consolidation, merger, combination, Statutory
Exchange, sale or conveyance, then such supplemental indenture shall also be
executed by such other Person and shall contain such additional provisions to
protect the interests of the holders of the Notes as the Company's Board of
Directors shall reasonably consider necessary by reason of the foregoing.

        The Company shall cause notice of the execution of such supplemental
indenture to be mailed to each Holder of Notes, at his address appearing on the
Note Register provided for in Section 2.5 of this Indenture, within twenty (20)
days after execution thereof. Failure to deliver such notice the legality or
validity of such supplemental indenture shall not affect the legality or
validity of such supplemental indenture.

        The above provisions of this Section 15.7 shall similarly apply to
successive reclassifications, changes, consolidations, mergers, combinations,
sales and conveyances.

        Section 15.8.   Taxes on Shares Issued

        The issue of stock certificates on conversions of Notes shall be made
without charge to the converting Noteholder for any tax in respect of the issue
thereof. The Company shall not, however, be required to pay any tax which may be
payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of stock
in any name other than that of the Holder of any Note converted, and the Company
shall not be required to issue or deliver any such stock certificate unless and
until the Person or Persons requesting the issue thereof shall have paid to the
Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of
the Company that such tax has been paid.

        Section 15.9.   Reservation of Shares; Shares to be Fully Paid; Listing
                        of Common Stock

        The Company shall provide, free from preemptive rights, out of its
authorized but unissued shares or shares held in treasury, reserved for the
purpose of issuance, no less than one hundred five percent (105%) of the number
of shares of Common Stock needed to provide for the issuance of Common Stock
upon conversion of all of the Outstanding Notes without regard to any
limitations on conversions or exercise.

        The Company will not, by amendment of its articles of incorporation or
through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger,
dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid
or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be
observed or performed by it hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the

                                       116
<PAGE>

foregoing, the Company (i) will not increase the par value of any shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes above the Conversion Price
then in effect, (ii) will take all such actions as may be necessary or
appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid
and non-assessable shares of Common Stock upon conversion of the Notes and (iii)
will not take any action which results in any adjustment of the Conversion Price
if the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable after the conversion of
all of the Notes would exceed the total number of shares of Common Stock then
authorized by the Company's articles of incorporation and available for the
purpose of issue upon such exercise.

        The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock issued upon
conversion of Notes will be fully paid and non-assessable by the Company and
free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof.

        The Company is obligated to register the Notes and the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes for resale under the Securities Act
pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement. The Notes and the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes shall constitute Registrable
Securities (as such term is defined in the Registration Rights Agreement). Each
Holder of Notes shall be entitled to all of the benefits afforded to a Holder of
Registrable Securities under the Registration Rights Agreement and such Holder,
by its acceptance of a Note, agrees and shall agree to be bound by and to comply
with the terms and conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement applicable to
such Holder as a Holder of such Registrable Securities.

        The Company shall use its best efforts to promptly secure the listing of
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of a Note upon each national
securities exchange and automated quotation system, if any, upon which shares of
Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice of issuance upon
conversion of such Note) and shall use its best efforts to maintain, so long as
any other shares of Common Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all shares
of Common Stock from time to time issuable upon the conversion of all then
outstanding Notes; and the Company shall use its best efforts to list on each
national securities exchange or automated quotation system, as the case may be,
and shall maintain such listing of, any other shares of capital stock of the
Company issuable upon conversion of the Notes if and so long as any shares of
the same class shall be listed on such national securities exchange or automated
quotation system. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with
satisfying its obligations under this Section 15.9.

        Section 15.10.  Responsibility of Trustee

        The Trustee and any other conversion agent shall not at any time be
under any duty or responsibility to any Holder of Notes to determine whether any
facts exist which may require any adjustment of the Conversion Price, or with
respect to the nature or extent or calculation of any such adjustment when made,
or with respect to the method employed, or herein or in any supplemental
indenture provided to be employed, in making the same. The Trustee and any other
conversion agent shall not be accountable with respect to the validity or value
(or the kind or amount) of any shares of Common Stock, or of any securities or
property, which may at any time be issued or delivered upon the conversion of
any Note; and the Trustee and any other conversion agent make no representations
with respect thereto. Subject to the provisions of

                                       117
<PAGE>

Section 8.1, neither the Trustee nor any conversion agent shall be responsible
for any failure of the Company to issue, transfer or deliver any shares of
Common Stock or stock certificates or other securities or property or cash upon
the surrender of any Note for the purpose of conversion or to comply with any of
the duties, responsibilities or covenants of the Company contained in this
Article. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Trustee
nor any conversion agent shall be under any responsibility to determine whether
a supplemental indenture need be entered into under Section 15.7 or the
correctness of any provisions contained in any supplemental indenture entered
into pursuant to such section relating either to the kind or amount of shares of
stock or securities or property (including cash) receivable by Noteholders upon
the conversion of their Notes after any event referred to in such Section 15.7
or to any adjustment to be made with respect thereto, but, subject to the
provisions of Section 8.1, may accept as conclusive evidence of the correctness
of any such provisions, and shall be protected in relying upon, the Officers'
Certificate and Opinion of Counsel (which the Company shall be obligated to file
with the Trustee prior to the execution of any such supplemental indenture) with
respect thereto.

        Section 15.11.  Notice to Holders Prior to Certain Actions

        In case:

                (a)     the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other
        distribution) on its Common Stock; or

                (b)     the Company shall authorize the granting to the Holders
        of its Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase
        any share of any class or any other rights or warrants; or

                (c)     of any reclassification of the Common Stock of the
        Company (other than a subdivision or combination of its outstanding
        Common Stock, or a change in par value, or from par value to no par
        value, or from no par value to par value), or of any consolidation or
        merger to which the Company is a party and for which approval of any
        shareholders of the Company is required, or of the sale or transfer of
        all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; or

                (d)     of the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
        or winding-up of the Company;

the Company shall cause to be filed with the Trustee and each conversion agent
and to be mailed to each Holder of Notes at his address appearing on the Note
Register, provided for in Section 2.5 of this Indenture, as promptly as possible
but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior to the applicable date
hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be
taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or rights or warrants, or,
if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the Holders of Common Stock
of record to be entitled to such dividend, distribution or rights are to be
determined, or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is expected to
become effective or occur, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for
securities or

                                       118
<PAGE>

other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up. Failure to give such
notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such
dividend, distribution, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer,
dissolution, liquidation or winding-up.

        Section 15.12.  Holder Not Deemed a Shareholder

        Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, prior to a
Noteholder's receipt of Common Stock upon conversion of a Note, the Noteholder
shall not be entitled, as such, to any rights of a shareholder of the Company,
including, without limitation, the right to vote or to consent to any action of
the shareholders of the Company, to receive dividends or other distributions, to
exercise any preemptive right or to receive dividends or other distributions, or
to receive any notice of meetings of shareholders of the Company, and shall not
be entitled to receive any notice of any proceedings of the Company. In
addition, nothing contained in this Indenture shall be construed as imposing any
liabilities on such Holder to purchase any securities (upon conversion of a Note
or otherwise) or as a shareholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are
asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

                                  ARTICLE XVI.

                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

        Section 16.1.   Provisions Binding on Company's Successors

        All the covenants, stipulations, promises and agreements of the Company
contained in this Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns whether so
expressed or not.

        Section 16.2.   Official Acts by Successor Corporation

        Any act or proceeding by any provision of this Indenture authorized or
required to be done or performed by any board, committee or officer of the
Company shall and may be done and performed with like force and effect by the
like board, committee or officer of any corporation that shall at the time be
the lawful sole successor of the Company.

        Section 16.3.   Addresses for Notices, Etc.

        Any notice or demand which by any provision of this Indenture is
required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Holders of
Notes on the Company or any Guarantor and any notice, direction, request or
demand hereunder to or upon the Trustee or to or upon any Noteholder shall be
deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes (i) upon
receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile
(evidence by mechanically or electronically generated receipt by the sender's
facsimile machine); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with a
nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly
addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers
of such communications shall be:

        If to the Company or any Guarantor:

                                       119
<PAGE>

                           RCN Corporation
                           105 Carnegie Center
                           Princeton, NJ  08540
                           Telephone:(609)-734-3811
                           Facsimile:(609)-734-3830
                           Attention: General Counsel

        If to the Trustee:

                           HSBC Bank USA, National Association
                           452 Fifth Avenue
                           New York, NY  10018

                           Courier Deliveries
                           10 East 40th Street, 14th Floor
                           New York, NY  10016
                           Attention:   Corporation Trust
                           Facsimile:   (212) 525-1300

        If to a Noteholder:

                           At the address and facsimile number of such
                           Noteholder, as set forth on the Note Register, which
                           shall initially include the information set forth in
                           the Note Purchase Agreement regarding notices.

        The Trustee, by notice to the Company, may designate additional or
different addresses for subsequent notices or communications. The Trustee shall
use reasonable commercial efforts to provide any notice of default, notice of
redemption and notice of conversion to each Holder by facsimile, if and to the
extent such Holder's facsimile number is set forth in the Note Register.

        Failure to give a notice or communication to a Noteholder or any defect
in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders. If a
notice or communication is given or made in the manner provided above, it is
duly given or made, whether or not the addressee receives it.

        Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may
be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, at any time,
and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by
Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall not be a
condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such
waiver.

        Section 16.4.   Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial

        This Indenture and each Note shall be deemed to be a contract made under
the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes shall be construed in
accordance with the internal laws of

                                       120
<PAGE>

the State of New York without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of
law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other
jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions
other than the State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City
of New York, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection
herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and
each party, other than the Trustee, hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to
assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or
proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit,
action or proceeding is improper. Each party, other than the Trustee, hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such
party at the address for such notices to it under this Indenture and agrees that
such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right
to serve process in any manner permitted by law. If any provision of this
Indenture shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity
or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the
remainder of this Indenture in that jurisdiction or the validity or
enforceability of any provision of this Indenture in any other jurisdiction.
EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO
REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN
CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

        Section 16.5.   Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent;
                        Certificates to Trustee

        Upon any application or demand by the Company to the Trustee to take any
action under any of the provisions of this Indenture, the Company shall furnish
to the Trustee an Officers' Certificate stating that all conditions precedent,
if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been
complied with and satisfied, and an Opinion of Counsel stating that, in the
opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent have been satisfied.

        Each certificate or opinion provided for by or on behalf of the Company
in this Indenture and delivered to the Trustee with respect to compliance with a
condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include (1) a
statement that the Person signing such certificate or opinion has read such
covenant or condition and any definitions relating thereto; (2) a brief
statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon
which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion is
based; (3) a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, he has made such
examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an
informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been
complied with; and (4) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such
Person, such condition or covenant has been satisfied.

        Section 16.6.   Legal Holidays

        In any case where the date of maturity of interest on or principal of
the Notes or the date fixed for redemption of any Note will not be a Business
Day, then payment of such interest on or

                                       121
<PAGE>

principal of the Notes need not be made on such date, but may be made on the
next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the
date of maturity or the date fixed for redemption, and no interest shall accrue
for the period from and after such date.

        Section 16.7.   Trust Indenture Act

        This Indenture is hereby made subject to, and shall be governed by, the
provisions of the Trust Indenture Act required to be part of and to govern
indentures qualified under the Trust Indenture Act; provided, however, that this
Section 16.7 shall not require that this Indenture or the Trustee be qualified
under the Trust Indenture Act prior to the time such qualification is in fact
required under the terms of the Trust Indenture Act, nor shall it constitute any
admission or acknowledgment by any party hereto that any such qualification is
required prior to the time such qualification is in fact required under the
terms of the Trust Indenture Act. If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or
conflicts with another provision hereof that is required to be included in an
indenture qualified under the Trust Indenture Act, such required provision shall
control.

        Section 16.8.   Benefits of Indenture

        Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall
give to any Person, other than the parties hereto, any Paying Agent, any
authenticating agent, any conversion agent, any Note Registrar and their
successors hereunder, the Holders of Notes and the holders of Senior
Indebtedness, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under
this Indenture.

        Section 16.9.   Table of Contents, Headings, Etc.

        The table of contents and the titles and headings of the articles and
sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only,
are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict
any of the terms or provisions hereof.

        Section 16.10.  Authenticating Agent

        The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent which shall be
authorized to act on the Trustee's behalf and subject to its direction in the
authentication and delivery of Notes in connection with the original issuance
thereof and transfers and exchanges of Notes hereunder, including under Sections
2.4, 2.5, 2.6, 2.7 and 3.3, as fully for all intents and purposes as though the
authenticating agent had been expressly authorized by this Indenture and those
Sections to authenticate and deliver Notes. For all purposes of this Indenture,
the authentication and delivery of Notes by the authenticating agent shall be
deemed to be authentication and delivery of such Notes "by the Trustee" and a
certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by an
authenticating agent shall be deemed to satisfy any requirement hereunder or in
the Notes for the Trustee's certificate of authentication. Such authenticating
agent shall at all times be a Person eligible to serve as Trustee hereunder
pursuant to Section 8.9.

        Any Person into which any authenticating agent may be merged or
converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any
merger, consolidation or conversion to which any authenticating agent shall be a
party, or any Person succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate
trust business of any authenticating agent, shall be the successor

                                       122
<PAGE>

of the authenticating agent hereunder, if such successor Person is otherwise
eligible under this Section, without the execution or filing of any paper or any
further act on the part of the parties hereto or the authenticating agent or
such successor Person.

        Any authenticating agent may at any time resign by giving written notice
of resignation to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at any time
terminate the agency of any authenticating agent by giving written notice of
termination to such authenticating agent and to the Company. Upon receiving such
a notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time any
authenticating agent shall cease to be eligible under this Section, the Trustee
shall promptly appoint a successor authenticating agent (which may be the
Trustee), shall give written notice of such appointment to the Company and shall
mail notice of such appointment to all Holders of Notes as the names and
addresses of such Holders appear on the Note Register.

        The Company agrees to pay to the authenticating agent from time to time
reasonable compensation for its services.

        The provisions of Sections 8.2, 8.3, 8.4, 9.3 and this Section 16.10
shall be applicable to any authenticating agent.

        Section 16.11.  Execution in Counterparts

        This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of
which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but
one and the same instrument.

        Section 16.12.  No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements

        This Indenture may not be used to interpret another indenture, loan or
debt agreement of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company. Any such
indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret this Indenture.

                                  ARTICLE XVII.

                        DEFEASANCE OR COVENANT DEFEASANCE

        Section 17.1.   Company's Option To Effect Defeasance or Covenant
                        Defeasance.

        The Company may, at its option by Board Resolution, at any time, with
respect to the Notes, elect to have either Section 17.2 or Section 17.3 be
applied to all of the Outstanding Notes (the "Defeased Notes"), upon compliance
with the conditions set forth below in this Article XVII. Notwithstanding any
provision in this Article XVII or elsewhere in this Indenture to the contrary,
the obligations of the Company and the Guarantors under Article XV and under
Section 5.10 and all provisions of this Indenture related Article XV or Section
5.10 thereto shall not be affected by any defeasance effected under this Article
XVII and such Persons shall continue to be obligated to perform their
obligations thereunder as if defeasance had not occurred.

                                       123
<PAGE>

        Section 17.2.   Defeasance and Discharge.

        Upon the Company's exercise under Section 17.1 hereof of the option
applicable to this Section 17.2, the Company shall be deemed to have been
discharged from its obligations with respect to the Defeased Notes on the date
the conditions set forth below are satisfied (hereinafter, "defeasance"). For
this purpose, such defeasance means that the Company shall be deemed to have
paid and discharged the entire indebtedness represented by the Defeased Notes,
which shall thereafter be deemed to be "Outstanding" only for the purposes of
Section 17.5 and the other Sections of this Indenture referred to in (a) and (b)
below, and to have satisfied all its other obligations under such Notes and this
Indenture insofar as such Notes are concerned (and the Trustee, at the expense
of the Company, and, upon receipt of an Officers' Certificate, Opinion of
Counsel and Company Request, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging the
same), except for the following, which shall survive until otherwise terminated
or discharged hereunder: (a) the rights of Holders of Defeased Notes to receive,
solely from the trust fund described in Section 17.4 hereof and as more fully
set forth in such Section, payments in respect of the principal of, premium, if
any, and interest on such Notes when such payments are due, (b) the Company's
obligations with respect to such Defeased Notes under Sections 3.4, 3.5, 3.6,
5.2 and 5.3 hereof, (c) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the
Trustee hereunder, including, without limitation, the Trustee's rights under
Section 17.5 and Article VIII, and (d) this Article XVII. Subject to compliance
with this Article XVII, the Company may exercise its option under this Section
17.2 notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option under Section 17.3 hereof
with respect to the Notes.

        Section 17.3.   Covenant Defeasance.

        Upon the Company's exercise under Section 17.1 of the option applicable
to this Section 17.3, the Company shall be released from its obligations under
any covenant or provision contained in Sections 5.6 through 5.22 (other than any
which relate to obligations under Article XV or Section 5.10) and the provisions
of clause (c) of Section 12.1 shall not apply, with respect to the Defeased
Notes, on and after the date the conditions set forth below are satisfied
(hereinafter, "covenant defeasance"), and the Defeased Notes shall thereafter be
deemed not to be "Outstanding" for the purposes of any direction, waiver,
consent or declaration or Act of Holders (and the consequences of any thereof)
in connection with such covenants, but shall continue to be deemed "Outstanding"
for all other purposes hereunder. For this purpose, such covenant defeasance
means that, with respect to the Defeased Notes, the Company may omit to comply
with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation
set forth in any such Section or Article, whether directly or indirectly, by
reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such Section or Article or by
reason of any reference in any such Section or Article to any other provision
herein or in any other document and such omission to comply shall not constitute
a Default or an Event of Default under 7.1(a), (b) or (c), but, except as
specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Defeased Notes shall
be unaffected thereby.

        Section 17.4.   Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.

        The following shall be the conditions to application of either Section
17.2 or Section 17.3 hereof to the Defeased Notes:

                                       124
<PAGE>

                (1)     The Company shall irrevocably have deposited or caused
        to be deposited with the Trustee (or another Trustee satisfying the
        requirements of Section 8.9 who shall agree to comply with the
        provisions of this Article XVII applicable to it) as trust funds in
        trust for the purpose of making the following payments, specifically
        pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefit of the
        Holders of such Notes, (a) money in an amount, or (b) U.S. Government
        Securities which through the scheduled payment of principal, premium, if
        any, and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms will
        provide, not later than the due date of any payment, money in an amount,
        or (c) a combination thereof, in any such case, sufficient without
        reinvestment, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of
        independent public accountants expressed in a written certification
        thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge the entire
        Indebtedness in respect of, and which shall be applied by the Trustee
        (or other qualifying Trustee) to pay and discharge, the principal of,
        premium, if any, and interest on the Defeased Notes at the Stated
        Maturity of such principal or installment of principal, premium, if any,
        or interest (provided, however, that the amount in respect of principal
        and premium shall not in any event be less than the amount required to
        purchase all Notes at the price required to be paid in connection with a
        Change of Control pursuant to Section 5.10) or (if the Company has made
        irrevocable arrangements satisfactory to such Trustee for the giving of
        notice of redemption by such Trustee in the name and at the expense of
        the Company) the redemption date thereof, as the case may be, in
        accordance with the terms of the Indenture and the Notes; provided,
        however, that the Trustee shall have been irrevocably instructed to
        apply such cash or the proceeds of such U.S. Government Securities to
        said payments with respect to the Notes;

                (2)     No Default with respect to the Outstanding Notes shall
        have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit or, insofar
        as Section 17.2 hereof is concerned, at any time during the period
        ending on the ninety-first day after the date of such deposit (it being
        understood that this condition shall not be deemed satisfied until the
        expiration of such period) no Default relating to Section 7.1(g);

                (3)     Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company is
        an "insolvent person" within the meaning of any applicable Bankruptcy
        Law on the date of such deposit or at any time during the period ending
        on the ninety-first day after the date of such deposit (it being
        understood that this condition shall not be deemed satisfied until the
        expiration of such period);

                (4)     Such defeasance or covenant defeasance shall not cause
        the Trustee for the Notes to have a conflicting interest in violation of
        Section 8.8 and for purposes of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to
        any securities of the Company;

                (5)     Such defeasance or covenant defeasance shall not result
        in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, this
        Indenture or any other material agreement or instrument to which the
        Company is a party or by which it is bound;

                                       125
<PAGE>

                (6)     In the case of an election under Section 17.2, the
        Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel
        stating that (x) the Company has received from, or there has been
        published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling or (y) since the
        date hereof, there has been a change in the applicable federal income
        tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such
        opinion shall confirm that, the Holders of the Outstanding Notes will
        not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes
        as a result of such deposit, defeasance and discharge to be effected
        with respect to the Notes and will be subject to federal income tax on
        the same amount, in the same manner and at the same times as would have
        been the case if such deposit, defeasance and discharge had not
        occurred;

                (7)     In the case of an election under Section 17.3 hereof,
        the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to
        the effect that the Holders of the Outstanding Notes will not recognize
        income, gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of the
        deposit and covenant defeasance to be effected with respect to the Notes
        and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amount, in
        the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if
        such deposit and covenant defeasance had not occurred;

                (8)     The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee, an
        Opinion of Counsel to the effect that, immediately following the
        ninety-first day after the deposit, the trust funds established pursuant
        to this Article will not be subject to the effect of any applicable
        bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting
        creditors' rights generally under any applicable U.S. federal or state
        law;

                (9)     The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an
        Officers' Certificate stating that the deposit made by the Company
        pursuant to its election under Section 4.2 or 4.3 hereof was not made by
        the Company with the intent of preferring the Holders over the other
        creditors of the Company or with the intent of defeating, hindering,
        delaying or defrauding creditors of the Company or others;

                (10)    The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an
        Officers' Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that (i)
        all conditions precedent (other than conditions requiring the passage of
        time) provided for relating to either the defeasance under Section 17.2
        or the covenant defeasance under Section 17.3 (as the case may be) have
        been complied with as contemplated by this Section 17.4 and (ii) if any
        other Indebtedness of the Company shall then be outstanding or
        committed, such defeasance or covenant defeasance will not violate the
        provisions of the agreements or instruments evidencing such
        Indebtedness; and

                (11)    Such defeasance or covenant defeasance shall not result
        in a trust arising from such deposit constituting an investment company
        within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended,
        unless such trust shall be registered under the Act or exempt from
        registration thereunder.

                                       126
<PAGE>

        Opinions required to be delivered under this Section may have such
qualifications as are customary for opinions of the type required and reasonably
acceptable to the Trustee.

        Section 17.5.   Deposited Money and U.S. Government Securities To Be
                        Held in Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions.

        Subject to the proviso of the last paragraph of Section 5.3, all money
and U.S. Government Securities (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with
the Trustee (or other qualifying Trustee, collectively for purposes of this
Section 17.5, the "Trustee") pursuant to Section 17.4 in respect of the Defeased
Notes shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the
provisions of such Notes and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or
through any Paying Agent (other than the Company) as the Trustee may determine,
to the Holders of such Notes of all sums due and to become due thereon in
respect of principal, premium, if any, and interest, but such money need not be
segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.

        The Company shall pay and indemnify the Trustee, its officers, directors
and agents and hold such harmless against any tax, fee or other charge imposed
on or assessed against the U.S. Government Securities deposited pursuant to
Section 17.4 or the principal, premium, if any, and interest received in respect
thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the
account of the Holders of the Defeased Notes.

        Anything in this Article XVII to the contrary notwithstanding, the
Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon Company
Request any money or U.S. Government Securities held by it as provided in
Section 17.4 which, in the opinion of an internationally recognized firm of
independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof
delivered to the Trustee, are in excess of the amount thereof which would then
be required to be deposited to effect an equivalent defeasance or covenant
defeasance.

        Section 17.6.   Reinstatement.

        If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or U.S.
Government Securities in accordance with Section 17.2 or 17.3, as the case may
be, by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority
enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the
obligations of the Company under this Indenture and the Notes shall be revived
and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 17.2 or
17.3, as the case may be, until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is
permitted to apply all such money and U.S. Government Securities in accordance
with Section 17.2 or 17.3, as the case may be; provided, however, that if the
Company makes any payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest on any Note
following the reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated
to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the
money and U.S. Government Securities held by the Trustee or Paying Agent.

                                       127
<PAGE>

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, all of the parties hereto have caused this Indenture
to be duly signed as of the date first written above.


                                          RCN CORPORATION


                                          By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                              Title: Executive Vice President
                                                     and Chief Financial Officer


Attest:


By: /s/ Deborah M. Royster
    ------------------------------
    Name:  Deborah M. Royster
    Title: Senior Vice President,
           Corporate Secretary and
           General Counsel


                                          HSBC BANK USA,NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
                                          as Trustee


                                          By: /s/ Stephen Ferrera
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Stephen Ferrera
                                              Title: Authorized Officer


                        [SIGNATURE PAGE TO INDENTURE]

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

          Form of 7.375% Convertible Second Lien Secured Note due 2012

                                 RCN CORPORATION

                             [FORM OF FACE OF NOTE]

[THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH SHALL APPEAR ON THE FACE OF EACH RESTRICTED NOTE.]

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD,
TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED EXCEPT (A)(1) TO A PERSON WHO THE SELLER REASONABLY
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OF FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE
144A, (2) TO AN INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF
RULE 501(a)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) IN
A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FOR THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT
PURSUANT TO RULE 144 THEREUNDER (IF AVAILABLE) OR (4) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, AND (B) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THIS SECURITY MAY BE
PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
THIS SECURITY.

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY IS ENTITLED TO THE BENEFITS OF A REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT AND, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES TO BE BOUND BY AND TO COMPLY
WITH THE PROVISIONS OF SUCH REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT.

[THE COMPANY MAY, BUT IS NOT OBLIGATED TO, INSTRUCT THE TRUSTEE TO PLACE THE
FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH ON THE FACE OF EACH NOTE HELD BY OR TRANSFERRED TO AN
"AFFILIATE" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(B) OF REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT)
OF THE COMPANY:]

[THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE HELD BY A PERSON WHO MAY BE
DEEMED TO BE AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER FOR PURPOSES OF RULE 144 PROMULGATED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), AND MAY BE
SOLD ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO A VALID EXEMPTION FROM
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN
CONNECTION

                                       A-1
<PAGE>

WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY THIS SECURITY.]

THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY IS ENTITLED TO THE BENEFITS OF A REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT AND, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES TO BE BOUND BY AND TO COMPLY
WITH THE PROVISIONS OF SUCH REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT.

[THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH SHALL APPEAR ON THE FACE OF EACH GLOBAL NOTE.]

                                       A-2
<PAGE>

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE
GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL
OWNERS HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES
EXCEPT THAT (I) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS MAY BE REQUIRED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.6 OF THE INDENTURE, (II) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED
IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.5(b) OF THE INDENTURE, (III) THIS
GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION
2.8 OF THE INDENTURE AND (IV) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR
DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COMPANY.

                                 RCN CORPORATION

              7.375% Convertible Second Lien Secured Note due 2012

No. _____                                             $______________________

CUSIP No.  ______________________

        RCN Corporation, a corporation duly organized and validly existing under
the laws of the State of Delaware (herein called the "Company", which term
includes any successor corporation under the Indenture referred to on the
reverse hereof), for value received hereby promises to pay to _______________,
or registered assigns, the principal sum of ___________ United States Dollars on
June 21, 2012 and to pay interest on said principal sum semi-annually on January
15 and July 15 of each year (each, an "Interest Payment Date"), commencing
January 15, 2005, at the rate per annum specified in the title of this Note,
accrued from December 21, 2004. The interest so payable on any January 15 or
July 15 will be paid to the Person in whose name this Note, or portion thereof
(or one or more Predecessor Notes) is registered at the close of business on the
record date, which shall be the first day of the month in which the Interest
Payment Date shall occur, whether or not such date is a Business Day; provided
that any such interest not punctually paid or duly provided for shall be payable
as provided in the Indenture. Payment of the principal of and interest accrued
on this Note (including Liquidated Damages, if any) shall be made at the office
or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose, which shall be the
Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, or at any other office or agency
permitted by the Indenture, in such lawful money of the United States of America
as at the time of payment shall be legal tender for the payment of public and
private debts; provided, that the interest may be paid, at the option of the
Company, by check mailed to the Person entitled thereto at his address as it
appears on the Note Registrar; provided further, however, that, with respect to
any Holder of Notes with an aggregate principal amount equal to or in excess of
Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars ($500,000), interest on such
Holder's Notes shall be paid by wire transfer in immediately available funds in
accordance with the written wire transfer instruction supplied

                                       A-3
<PAGE>

by such Holder from time to time to the Trustee and Paying Agent (if different
from the Trustee) at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable record
date.

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the
reverse hereof, including, without limitation, provisions giving a Holder of
this Note the right to convert this Note into Common Stock of the Company on the
terms and subject to the limitations referred to on the reverse hereof and as
more fully specified in the Indenture. Such further provisions shall for all
purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place.

This Note shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of
New York, and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with and
governed by the laws of said State.

This Note shall not be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until the
certificate of authentication hereon shall have been manually signed by the
Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent under the Indenture (defined
herein).

                                       A-4
<PAGE>

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly
executed.

                                          RCN CORPORATION


                                          By:
                                              --------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:


Attest:


- ------------------------
Name:
Title:

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
 as Trustee, certifies that this is one of
 the Notes described in the within-named Indenture


By:
     --------------------------
     Authorized Signatory

                                       A-5
<PAGE>

                            [FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE]

                                 RCN CORPORATION

              7.375% Convertible Second Lien Secured Note due 2012

        This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Company,
designated as its 7.375% Convertible Second Lien Notes due 2012 (herein called
the "Notes"), limited to the aggregate principal amount of One Hundred
Twenty-Five Million United States Dollars, ($125,000,000) all issued or to be
issued under and pursuant to an Indenture dated as of December 21, 2004 (herein
called the "Indenture"), between the Company and HSBC Bank USA, National
Association (herein called the "Trustee"), to which the Indenture and all
indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a description of
the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder
of the Trustee, the Company and the holders of the Notes. All capitalized terms
used herein without definition shall have the meaning set forth in the
Indenture. Any accrued and unpaid interest which is not paid within five (5)
Business Days of the Interest Payment Date on which such payment of interest was
due shall bear interest at the rate of 2% plus the interest rate otherwise in
effect and borne by the Notes (including Liquidating Damages) from such Interest
Payment Date until the same is paid in full (or, if less, the maximum interest
rate then permitted by applicable law). In addition, at any time when an Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the interest rate on the Notes
shall be equal to 2% plus the interest rate otherwise accruing thereon
(including Liquidated Damages).

        In case an Event of Default, as defined in the Indenture, shall have
occurred and be continuing, the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued
interest on all Notes may be declared, and upon said declaration shall become,
due and payable, in the manner, with the effect and subject to the conditions
provided in the Indenture. Liquidated damages paid pursuant to Section 15.2 of
the Indenture, if any, shall be paid within ten (10) Business Days of the date
from which such liquidated damages accrued pursuant to Section 15.2. Liquidated
Damages on the Notes paid pursuant to Section 4(k) of the Note Purchase
Agreement, if any, shall be paid at the times and in the manner provided
therein. Liquidated Damages on the Notes paid pursuant to Section 3 of the
Registration Rights Agreement, if any, shall be paid at the times and in the
manner provided therein.

        The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and the Trustee
in certain limited circumstances, without the consent of the Holders of the
Notes, and in other circumstances, with the consent of the holders of not less
than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time
outstanding, evidenced as in the Indenture provided, to execute amendments to
the Indenture or supplemental indentures adding any provisions to or changing in
any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Indenture or of any
supplemental indenture or modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of
the Notes; provided, however, that certain amendments or supplemental indentures
require the consent of the Holder of each Note so affected by such amendment or
supplemental indenture or, in some cases, the consent of the holders of all
Notes then outstanding.

                                       A-6
<PAGE>

        It is also provided in the Indenture that the Holders of not less than a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding may
on behalf of the holders of all of the Notes waive any past default or Event of
Default under the Indenture and its consequences except (i) a default in the
payment of interest or premium, if any, on, or the principal of, the Notes when
due, (ii) a failure by the Company to convert any Notes into Common Stock or
(iii) a default in respect of a covenant or provisions of the Indenture which
under Article XI thereof cannot be modified or amended without the consent of
the holders of all Notes then outstanding. Any such consent or waiver by a
Holder of this Note (unless revoked as provided in the Indenture) shall be
conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future holders and owners
of this Note and any Notes which may be issued in exchange or substitution
hereof, irrespective of whether any notation thereof is made upon this Note or
such other Notes.

        The Liens securing the payment of principal of, premium, if any, and
interest on the Notes will be subordinated to the Liens securing Senior
Indebtedness as set forth in Article IV of the Indenture and in the
Intercreditor Agreement, and this Note is issued subject to the provisions of
the Indenture and the Intercreditor Agreement. Each Holder of this Note, by
accepting the same, (a) agrees to and shall be bound by such provisions, (b)
authorizes and directs the Trustee on its behalf to take such action as may be
necessary or appropriate to effectuate the subordination so provided and (c)
appoints the Trustee his attorney-in-fact for any and all such purposes.

        Interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
comprised of twelve 30-day months.

        The Notes are issuable in registered form without coupons in
denominations of One Thousand United States Dollars ($1,000) principal amount
and integral multiples thereof. At the office of Trustee or the Company referred
to on the face hereof, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided
in the Indenture, without payment of any service charge but with payment of a
sum sufficient to cover any tax, assessments or other governmental charges that
may be imposed in connection with any registration or exchange of Notes, Notes
may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of other
authorized denominations.

        The Notes will be redeemable for cash, if and only if the Common Sock of
the Company has a Closing Price of at least 150% of the Conversion Price for 30
consecutive Trading Days ending on the Trading Day prior to delivery of notice
of redemption to the Trustee at the option of the Company, in whole or in part,
on or after December 21, 2007 upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days'
written notice at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal
amount at maturity) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon,
if any, to the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the twelve-month
period beginning on December 15 of each of the years indicated below:

Year                                                       Percentage
- ----                                                       ----------
2007...................................................     107.000%
2008...................................................     106.000%
2009...................................................     105.000%
2010...................................................     104.000%
2011 and thereafter....................................     103.000%

                                       A-7
<PAGE>

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Shelf Registration
Statement is required by the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement to
remain effective as of the date that notice of redemption is provided in
accordance with Section 3.2, no such redemption shall be permitted unless the
Shelf Registration Statement is effective and available during the 30 day period
prior to the giving of such notice and at all times from the date of such notice
until the redemption date.

        If such notice of redemption has been given as provided in the
Indenture, the Notes or portion of Notes called for redemption shall, unless
converted into Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, become due
and payable on the date and at the place or places stated in such notice at the
applicable redemption price and interest accrued to, but excluding, the date
fixed for redemption, and on and after such date (unless the Company shall
default in the payment of such Notes at the redemption price and interest
accrued to, but excluding, said date) interest on the Notes or portion of Notes
so called for redemption shall cease to accrue and such Notes shall cease after
the close of business on the Business Day next preceding the date fixed for
redemption to be convertible into Common Stock and, except as provided in
Sections 8.5, 13.4 and 17.5 of the Indenture, to be entitled to any benefit or
security under the Indenture, and the holders of such Notes shall have no right
in respect of such Notes except the right to receive the redemption price and
unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. On
presentation and surrender of such Notes at a place of payment specified in such
notice, such Notes or the specified portions thereof to be redeemed shall be
paid and redeemed by the Company at the applicable redemption price and interest
accrued thereon to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption; provided that,
if the applicable redemption date is an Interest Payment Date, then the
semi-annual payment of interest becoming due on such date shall be payable to
the holders of such Notes registered as such on the relevant record date subject
to the terms and provisions of Section 2.3 of the Indenture.

        The Notes are not subject to redemption through the operation of any
sinking fund.

        Sections 5.10 and 5.15 of the Indenture provide that upon the occurrence
of a Change of Control and following certain Asset Sales, and subject to certain
conditions and limitations contained therein, the Company shall make an offer to
purchase all or a portion of the Notes in accordance with the procedures set
forth in the Indenture.

        The rights of the Trustee, any Collateral Agent and the Holders are
subject to the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. The
Intercreditor Agreement, among other things, contains (a) substantial
limitations, and in some cases prohibitions, on the rights of the Holders, the
Trustee and the Collateral Agent with respect to the Collateral (as defined in
the Indenture) and matters relating to the First-Lien Obligation (as defined in
the Indenture), including with respect to the sale, foreclosure and release of
Collateral, and the ability to amend the Transaction Documents without the
consent of the holders of the First-Lien Obligations, (b) provisions adverse to
the Holders relating to, among other things, (i) use of the Collateral as
collateral, on a basis senior to the Lien in favor of the Holders, for
debtor-in-possession financings, (ii) application of insurance proceeds relating
to Collateral, (iii) rights of the Holders to dispute the claims and rights of
the holders of First-Lien Obligations (including claims by holders of the
First-Lien Obligations for post-petition interest, fees or expenses and claims
as to

                                       A-8
<PAGE>

the validity, enforceability, perfection and priority of Liens purportedly
securing the First-Lien Obligations), and (iv) the Trustee or any Holder
proposing and supporting plans of reorganization relating to the Company and its
Subsidiaries, and (c) provisions automatically amending the Security Documents
(as defined in the Indenture) when comparable documents securing the First-Lien
Obligations are amended or released. In addition, the guarantee of the Indenture
Obligations by certain Guarantors is subordinated to the guarantee given by such
Guarantors in favor of the First-Lien Obligations.

        The Indenture contains provisions (which provisions apply to this Note)
for defeasance at any time of (a) the entire indebtedness of the Company on this
Note and (b) certain restrictive covenants and related Defaults and Events of
Default, in each case upon compliance by the Company with certain conditions set
forth therein.

        Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder hereof has the
right, at its option, at any time following the date of original issuance of the
Notes (except that, with respect to any Note or portion of a Note that shall be
called for redemption, such right shall terminate, except as otherwise provided
in the Indenture, at the close of business on the Business Day next preceding
the date fixed for redemption unless the Company shall default in payment due
upon redemption), to convert the principal hereof or any portion of such
principal which is One Thousand United States Dollars ($1,000) or an integral
multiple thereof, into that number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of
the Company's Common Stock, as said shares shall be constituted at the date of
conversion, obtained by dividing the principal amount of this Note or portion
thereof to be converted by the initial conversion price of $24.00 or such
conversion price as adjusted from time to time as provided in the Indenture. To
convert a Note, a Holder must deliver this Note, together with a conversion
notice as provided in the Indenture and this Note, to the Company at the office
or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose, which shall be the
Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, or at any other office or agency
permitted by the Indenture, and, unless the shares issuable on conversion are to
be issued in the same name as this Note, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by
instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company duly executed by,
the Holder or by his duly authorized attorney. The Notes shall initially be
convertible for 41.6667 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustments from time
to time as provided in the Indenture. The Company shall pay in cash, on this
Note or portion thereof surrendered for conversion during the period from the
close of business on any Interest Payment Date to which interest has been fully
paid through the close of business on the Business Day preceding the record date
for the next such Interest Payment Date, accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
to, but excluding, the date of conversion. Any such payment of interest shall be
made with ten (10) Business Days after the Conversion Date. No fractional shares
of Common Stock will be issued upon any conversion, but an adjustment in cash
will be paid to the Holder, as provided in the Indenture, in respect of any
fraction of a share which would otherwise be issuable upon the surrender of any
Note or Notes for conversion.

        In connection with any redemption of Notes, the Company may arrange for
the purchase and conversion of any Notes not converted prior to the expiration
of such conversion right by an agreement with one or more investment bankers or
other purchasers to purchase such Notes by paying to the Trustee in trust for
the Noteholders, on or before the date fixed for redemption, an amount not less
than the applicable redemption price and interest accrued to the date fixed for
redemption, of such Notes.

                                       A-9
<PAGE>

        Upon due presentment for registration of transfer of this Note and any
other documents as may be required to be delivered by the Indenture at the
office or agency of the Company which shall be the Corporate Trust Office of the
Trustee, or at any other office or agency permitted by the Indenture, a new Note
or Notes of authorized denominations for an equal aggregate principal amount
will be issued to the transferee in exchange thereof, subject to the
requirements and limitations provided in the Indenture, without charge except
for any tax or other governmental charge imposed in connection therewith.

        The Company, the Trustee, any authenticating agent, any Paying Agent,
any conversion agent and any Note Registrar shall deem and treat a registered
Holder hereof as the absolute owner of this Note (whether or not this Note shall
be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing
hereon), for the purpose of receiving payment hereof (including Liquidated
Damages to the extent accrued but unpaid), or on account hereof, for the
conversion hereof and for all other purposes; and neither the Company nor the
Trustee nor any other authenticating agent nor any Paying Agent nor any other
conversion agent nor any Note Registrar shall be affected by any notice to the
contrary. All such payments so made to, or upon the order of, such registered
Holder for the time being shall be valid, and, to the extent of the sum or sums
so paid, effectual to satisfy and discharge the liability for monies payable on
this Note.

        No direct or indirect partner, employee, incorporator, stockholder,
director or officer, as such, past, present or future of the Company or any
successor corporation or any Subsidiary or any of the Company's Affiliates,
shall have any personal liability in respect of the obligations of the Company
under this Note solely by reason of his, her or its status as such partner,
employee, incorporator, stockholder, director or officer. Nothing in this
paragraph affects the liability of any Guarantor. The Holder hereof by accepting
this Note waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are
part of the consideration for the issuance of this Note.

        The Company will furnish to any Holder of a Note upon written request
and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to: RCN
CORPORATION, 105 Carnegie Center, Princeton, New Jersey 08540-6215.

                                      A-10
<PAGE>

                                  ABBREVIATIONS

        The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription of the face of
this Note, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according
to applicable laws or regulations:

TEN COM - as tenants in common              UNIF GIFT MIN ACT -

                                            __________________________ Custodian
                                            (Cust)

TENANT - as tenants by the entireties       __________________________
                                            (Minor)

JT TEN - as joint tenants with right of survivorship and Uniform Gifts to Minors
Act ________________ not as tenants in common
    (State)

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.

                                      A-11
<PAGE>

                                 ASSIGNMENT FORM

If you the Holder want to assign this Note, fill in the form below and have your
signature guaranteed:

I or we assign and transfer this Note to

________________________________________________________________________________
(Insert assignee's social security or tax ID number)____________________________

________________________________________________________________________________
(Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code) and irrevocably appoint

________________________________________________________________________________
agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Company. The agent may
substitute another to act for such agent.

Date:                         Your signature:
     ----------------                        -----------------------------------
                                             (Sign exactly as your name appears
                                             on the other side of this Note)

                                             By:
                                                --------------------------------
                                                NOTICE: To be executed by an
                                                executive officer

Signature Guarantee:
                     ------------------------------

                       OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE

        If you wish to have this Note purchased by the Company pursuant to
Section 5.10 or 5.15 of the Indenture, check the appropriate box:

        Section 5.10 [ ]

        Section 5.15 [ ]

        If you wish to have a portion of this Note purchased by the Company
pursuant to Section 5.10 or 5.15 of the Indenture, state the amount:

$ ______________________________________________________________________________

Date:                         Your signature:
     ----------------                        -----------------------------------
                                             (Sign exactly as your name appears
                                             on the other side of this Note)

                                             By:
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             NOTICE: To be executed by an
                                             executive officer

Signature Guarantee:
                     -------------------------------

                                      A-12
<PAGE>

              SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE

The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for an interest in another
Global Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of another Global
Note or Definitive Note for an interest in this Global Note, have been made:

<TABLE>
                                                                    Principal Amount of
                                                                    this Global Note
                    Amount of decrease     Amount of increase in    following such         Signature of
                    in Principal Amount    Principal Amount of      decrease (or           authorized officer
Date of Exchange    of this Global Note    this Global Note         increase)              of Trustee
- ----------------    -------------------    ---------------------    -------------------    ------------------
<S>                 <C>                    <C>                      <C>                    <C>
</TABLE>

                                      A-13
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT B

                           [FORM OF CONVERSION NOTICE]

RCN Corporation
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ  08540
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer

HSBC Bank USA, National Association
452 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY  10018
Attention:  Corporate Trust
Fax:  (212) 525-1300

        The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby irrevocably
exercises the option to convert this Note, or the portion hereof (which is One
Thousand United States Dollars ($1,000) principal amount or an integral multiple
thereof) below designated, into shares of Common Stock in accordance with the
terms of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directs that the shares
issuable and deliverable upon such conversion, together with any check in
payment for fractional shares and any Notes representing any unconverted
principal amount hereof, be issued and delivered to the registered Holder hereof
unless a different name has been indicated below. If shares or any portion of
this Note not converted are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the
undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer, registration or other
similar taxes payable with respect thereto. Any amount required to be paid by
the undersigned on account of interest accompanies this Note.

        If you want the shares issuable on conversion of this Note credited to
your balance account with The Depositary Trust Company through its Deposit
Withdrawal Agent Commission system, check the box: [ ]

Dated:
       -------------------
                                              ----------------------------------

                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Signature(s)

- ---------------------------------
Signature Guarantee

        Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution
(banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with
membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to
Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares of Common Stock are to
be issued, or Notes to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the
registered Holder.

                                       B-1
<PAGE>

Fill in for registration of shares if to be issued, and Notes if to be
delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered Holder:

- ------------------------------
(Name)

- ------------------------------
(Street Address)

- ------------------------------
(City, State and Zip Code)

Please print name and address
                                           Principal amount to be converted
                                           (if less than all):
                                           $_____________,000


                                           _____________________________
                                           Social Security or Other Taxpayer
                                           Identification Number

                                       B-2
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT C

                             [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

                                       C-1
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT D

                         FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

RCN Corporation
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ  08540
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer

HSBC Bank USA, National Association
452 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY  10018

Attention:  Corporate Trust
Fax:  (212) 525-1300

        Re: 7.375% Convertible Second Lien Notes due 2012

        Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of December 21, 2004
(the "Indenture"), among RCN Corporation, as issuer (the "Company"), the several
Guarantors party thereto and HSBC Bank USA, National Association (the
"Trustee"). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the
meanings given to them in the Indenture.

        ___________________, (the "Transferor") owns and proposes to transfer
the Note[s] or interest in such Note[s] specified in Annex A hereto, in the
principal amount of $ in such Note[s] or interests (the "Transfer"), to
_________________(the "Transferee"), as further specified in Annex A hereto. In
connection with the Transfer, the Transferor hereby certifies that:

[CHECK ALL THAT APPLY]

        2.      CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST
IN THE 144A GLOBAL NOTE OR A DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A.

        The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule
144A under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that the
beneficial interest or Definitive Note is being transferred to a Person that the
Transferor reasonably believed and believes is purchasing the beneficial
interest or Definitive Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts
with respect to which such Person exercises sole investment discretion, and such
Person and each such account is a "qualified institutional buyer" within the
meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and
such Transfer is in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of
any state of the United States. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in
accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest
or Definitive Note will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in
the Private

                                       D-1
<PAGE>

Placement Legend printed on the 144A Global Note and/or the Definitive Note and
in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

        3.      CHECK AND COMPLETE IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A
BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE IAI GLOBAL NOTE OR A DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO ANY
PROVISION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OTHER THAN RULE 144A OR RULE 144.

        The Transfer is being effected in compliance with the transfer
restrictions applicable to beneficial interests in Restricted Global Notes and
Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the
Securities Act and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the
United States, and accordingly the Transferor hereby further certifies that
(check one):

                (a)     such Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in
        accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act;

or

                (b)     such Transfer is being effected to the Company or a
        subsidiary thereof;

or

                (c)     such Transfer is being effected pursuant to an effective
        registration statement under the Securities Act and in compliance with
        the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act;

or

                (d)     such Transfer is being effected to an Institutional
        Accredited Investor and pursuant to an exemption from the registration
        requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 144A or Rule 144, and
        the Transferor hereby further certifies that it has not engaged in any
        general solicitation within the meaning of Regulation D under the
        Securities Act and the Transfer complies with the transfer restrictions
        applicable to beneficial interests in a Restricted Global Note or
        Restricted Definitive Notes and the requirements of the exemption
        claimed, which certification is supported by (1) a certificate executed
        by the Transferee in the form of Exhibit F to the Indenture and (2) an
        Opinion of Counsel provided by the Transferor or the Transferee (a copy
        of which the Transferor has attached to this certification), to the
        effect that such Transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act. Upon
        consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of
        the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note
        will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the
        Private Placement Legend printed on the IAI Global Note and/or the
        Definitive Notes and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

        4.      CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST
IN THE UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE OR OF AN UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE.

                                       D-2
<PAGE>

                (a)     CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO RULE 144. (i) The
        Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144
        under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer
        restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky
        securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the
        restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private
        Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with
        the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in
        accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial
        interest or Definitive Note will no longer be subject to the
        restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend
        printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on Restricted Definitive Notes
        and in the Indenture.

                (b)     CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO OTHER EXEMPTION. (i)
        The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in compliance with an
        exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other
        than Rule 144, and in compliance with the transfer restrictions
        contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws
        of any State of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer
        contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not
        required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon
        consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of
        the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note
        will not be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the
        Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes or
        Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.

        This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your
benefit and the benefit of the Company.

                                           ----------------------------------
                                           [Insert Name of Transferor]

                                           By:
                                              -------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:


Dated:
      ------------------


- -----------------------------
Signature Guarantee

        Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution
(banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with
membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to
Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares of Common Stock are to
be

                                       D-3
<PAGE>

issued, or Notes to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the
registered Holder.

                                       D-4
<PAGE>

ANNEX A TO CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER

1.      The Transferor owns and proposes to transfer the following:

                        [CHECK ONE OF (a) OR (b)]

        (a)     a beneficial interest in the:

                (i)     144A Global Note (CUSIP ______), or

                (ii)    IAI Global Note (CUSIP ________); or

        (b)     a Restricted Definitive Note.

2.      After the Transfer the Transferee will hold:

                [CHECK ONE]

        (a)     a beneficial interest in the:

                (i)     144A Global Note (CUSIP __________), or

                (ii)    IAI Global Note (CUSIP __________),

                (iii)   Unrestricted Global Note (CUSIP ); or _________); or

        (b)     a Restricted Definitive Note; or

        (c)     an Unrestricted Definitive Note,

in accordance with the terms of the Indenture.

                                       D-5
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT E

                         FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE

RCN Corporation
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ  08540
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer

HSBC Bank USA, National Association
452 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY  10018

Attention:  Corporate Trust
Fax:  (212) 525-1300

        Re: 7.375% Convertible Second Lien Notes due 2012

(CUSIP ____________])

        Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of December 21, 2004
(the "Indenture"), among RCN Corporation, as issuer (the "Company"), the several
Guarantors party thereto and HSBC Bank USA, National Association (the
"Trustee"). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the
meanings given to them in the Indenture.

        __________________, (the "Owner") owns and proposes to exchange the
Note[s] or interest in such Note[s] specified herein, in the principal amount of
$ in such Note[s] or interests (the "Exchange"). In connection with the
Exchange, the Owner hereby certifies that:

        1.      EXCHANGE OF RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS
IN A RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE FOR UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL
INTERESTS IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE.

                (a)     CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A
        RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL
        NOTE. In connection with the Exchange of the Owner's beneficial interest
        in a Restricted Global Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted
        Global Note in an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i)
        the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owner's own account
        without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance
        with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Global Notes and
        pursuant to and in accordance with the United States Securities Act of
        1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), (iii) the restrictions on
        transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are
        not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and
        (iv) the beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note is being
        acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of
        any state of the United States.

                                       E-1
<PAGE>

                (b)     CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A
        RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection
        with the Exchange of the Owner's beneficial interest in a Restricted
        Global Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby
        certifies (i) the Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owner's own
        account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in
        compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Restricted
        Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act,
        (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the
        Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain
        compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Definitive Note is being
        acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of
        any state of the United States.

                (c)     CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO
        BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In connection with
        the Owner's Exchange of a Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial
        interest in an Unrestricted Global Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i)
        the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owner's own account
        without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance
        with the transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Definitive Notes
        and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the
        restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private
        Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with
        the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest is being acquired in
        compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of
        the United States.

                (d)     CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO
        UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the Owner's Exchange of
        a Restricted Definitive Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the
        Owner hereby certifies (i) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is being
        acquired for the Owner's own account without transfer, (ii) such
        Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions
        applicable to Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in
        accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer
        contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not
        required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and
        (iv) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance
        with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United
        States.

        2.      EXCHANGE OF RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS
IN RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTES FOR RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL
INTERESTS IN RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTES.

                (a)     CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A
        RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with
        the Exchange of the Owner's beneficial interest in a Restricted Global
        Note for a Restricted Definitive Note with an equal principal amount,
        the Owner hereby certifies that the Restricted Definitive Note is being
        acquired for the Owner's own account without transfer. Upon consummation
        of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture,
        the Restricted Definitive Note issued will continue to be

                                       E-2
<PAGE>

        subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private
        Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Definitive Note and in the
        Indenture and the Securities Act.

                (b)     CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO
        BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In connection with the
        Exchange of the Owner's Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial
        interest in the [CHECK ONE] 144A Global Note, IAI Global Note with an
        equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial
        interest is being acquired for the Owner's own account without transfer
        and (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer
        restrictions applicable to the Restricted Global Notes and pursuant to
        and in accordance with the Securities Act, and in compliance with any
        applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States.
        Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms
        of the Indenture, the beneficial interest issued will be subject to the
        restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend
        printed on the relevant Restricted Global Note and in the Indenture and
        the Securities Act.

        This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your
benefit and the benefit of the Company.

                                           [Insert Name of Transferor]

                                           By:
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:

Dated:________________________


- -----------------------------
Signature Guarantee

        Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution
(banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with
membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to
Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares of Common Stock are to
be issued, or Notes to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the
registered Holder.

                                       E-3
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT F

                   FORM OF TRANSFER LETTER OF REPRESENTATIONS

                           (TO BE DELIVERED BY HOLDER

UPON CERTAIN TRANSFERS OF NOTES WITHOUT

EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT)

        We are delivering this letter in connection with the sale or transfer to
us of Notes (as defined in the Indenture, dated as of December 21, 2004, between
RCN Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), the several Guarantors
party thereto and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, a national banking
association (the "Trustee")) other than pursuant to a registration statement
that has been declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Securities Act").

        We hereby confirm that:

                (i)     we are an "accredited investor" within the meaning of
                        Rule 501(a)(1),(2), (3), (5), (6), (7) or (8) under the
                        Securities Act;

                (ii)    any purchase or receipt of the Notes by us will be for
                        investment purposes and for our own account, not as a
                        nominee or agent;

                (iii)   we have such knowledge and experience in financial and
                        business matters that we are capable of evaluating the
                        merits and risks of purchasing or receiving the Notes;

                (iv)    we do not have need for liquidity in our investment in
                        the Notes, we have the ability to bear the economic
                        risks of our investment in the Notes for an indefinite
                        period of time and we are able to afford the complete
                        loss of our investment in the Notes;

                (v)     we are not acquiring the Notes with a view to any
                        distribution thereof in a transaction that would violate
                        the Securities Act or the securities laws of any State
                        of the United States or any other applicable
                        jurisdiction, and we have no present intention of
                        selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise
                        distributing the same;

                (vi)    we have had access to such information regarding the
                        Company necessary in order for us to make an informed
                        decision and any such information which we have
                        requested have been made available for us or our
                        attorney, accountant, or advisor; and

                (vii)   we or our attorney, accountant, or advisor have had a
                        reasonable opportunity to ask questions of and receive
                        answers from a Person or Persons acting on behalf of the
                        Company concerning the business,

                                       F-1
<PAGE>

                        management and financial affairs of the Company and the
                        terms and conditions of the acquisition by us of the
                        Notes and all such questions have been answered to our
                        full satisfaction, and we have acquired sufficient
                        information about the Company to make an informed and
                        knowledgeable decision to acquire the Notes.

        We understand that the Notes have not been registered under the
Securities Act, and we agree, on our own behalf and on behalf of each account
for which we acquire any Notes, that such Notes may be offered, resold, pledged
or otherwise transferred only (i) in accordance with an exemption from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act, (ii) to the Company or (iii)
pursuant to an effective registration statement, and, in each case, in
accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States
or any other applicable jurisdiction. We agree that we will furnish the Company
and the Trustee an opinion of counsel that one of the foregoing restrictions on
transfer set forth in Clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) immediately above have been
complied with. We understand that the Trustee will not be required to accept for
registration of transfer any Notes, except upon presentation of evidence
satisfactory to the Company that the foregoing restrictions on transfer have
been complied with.

        We acknowledge that the Company and others will rely upon our
confirmations, acknowledgements and agreements set forth herein, and we agree to
notify you promptly in writing if any of our representations or warranties
herein ceases to be accurate and complete.

                                       -------------------------------------
                                       (Name)

                                       By:
                                                   -----------------------------
                                           Name:
                                           Title:
                                           Address:

                                       F-2
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT G

                          [FORM OF SECURITY AGREEMENT]

                                       G-1
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT H

                         [FORM OF SUBSIDIARIES GUARANTY]

                                       H-1
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT I

                           [FORM OF PLEDGE AGREEMENT]

                                       I-1
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT J

                        [FORM OF INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT]

                                       J-1



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>s493152.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.5 - REG RIGHTS AGMT - NOTES
<TEXT>

                                                                   Exhibit 4.5



                         REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

                         Dated as of December 21, 2004

                                 by and among

                                RCN CORPORATION
                                as the Company,

                                      and

                                the Purchasers,

                              as defined herein.

                 7.375% Convertible Second-Lien Notes Due 2012

<PAGE>

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

1.   Definitions...............................................................1

2.   Shelf Registration........................................................5

3.   Additional Interest.......................................................7

4.   Registration Procedures...................................................8

5.   Registration Expenses....................................................14

6.   Black-Out Period.........................................................15

7.   Indemnification..........................................................16

8.   Rules 144 and 144A.......................................................20

9.   Underwritten Registrations...............................................20

10.  Miscellaneous............................................................21

                                     -i-
<PAGE>

                         REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT


         This Registration Rights Agreement (this "Agreement") is dated as of
December 21, 2004, and entered into by and among RCN Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), and the institutional investors whose names and
addresses are listed on Schedule I and Schedule II hereto (each a "Purchaser"
and collectively, the "Purchasers").

         This Agreement is entered into in connection with that certain Note
Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004 (the "Purchase Agreement"),
by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company that are
required to be guarantors under the Indenture (as defined below) (the
"Guarantors"), and the Purchasers, which provides for the sale by the Company
to the Purchasers of $125,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Company's
7.375% Convertible Second-Lien Notes Due 2012 (the "Notes"), which are
convertible into common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share (the
"Underlying Shares"). The Notes are being issued pursuant to an Indenture,
dated as of the date hereof (the "Indenture"), by and among the Company, the
Guarantors and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as trustee.

         In order to induce each Purchaser to enter into the Purchase
Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide the registration rights set forth
in this Agreement for the benefit of the Purchasers and certain subsequent
holder or holders of the Notes or Underlying Shares as provided herein. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement is a condition to the Purchasers'
obligation to purchase the Notes under the Purchase Agreement.

         The parties hereby agree as follows:

1.   Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:

         "Additional Interest" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
3(a) hereto.

         "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the first
introductory paragraph hereto.

         "Amendment Effectiveness Deadline Date" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 2(d)(i) hereto.

         "Amount of Registrable Securities" shall mean (a) with respect to
Notes constituting Registrable Securities, the aggregate principal amount of
all such Notes outstanding, (b) with respect to Underlying Shares constituting
Registrable Securities, the aggregate number of such Underlying Shares
outstanding multiplied by the Conversion Price (as defined in the Indenture
relating to the Notes upon the conversion of which such Underlying Shares were
issued) in effect at the time of computing the Amount of Registrable
Securities or, if no such Notes are then outstanding, the last Conversion
Price that was in effect under such Indenture when any such Notes were last
outstanding, and (c) with respect to combinations thereof, the sum of (a) and
(b) for the relevant Registrable Securities.

<PAGE>

         "Business Day" shall mean any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a
day on which banking institutions in New York City are authorized or required
by law to be closed.

         "Closing Date" shall mean December 21, 2004.

         "Company" shall have the meaning set forth in the first introductory
paragraph hereto and includes the Company's successors and assigns.

         "Controlling Person" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7
hereof.

         "Damages Payment Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
3(b) hereof.

         "Depositary" shall mean The Depository Trust Company or any successor
that is appointed by the Company; provided, however, that such depositary must
have an address in the Borough of Manhattan, in The City of New York.

         "Designated Counsel" shall mean one firm of counsel chosen by the
Holders of a majority in Amount of Registrable Securities to be included in a
Registration Statement for a Shelf Registration and identified to the Company
in writing prior to the filing of such Registration Statement.

         "Effectiveness Date" shall mean the date that is the 90th day after
the date the Initial Shelf Registration is filed with the SEC.

         "Effectiveness Period" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2(a) hereof.

         "End of Suspension Notice" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6(b) hereof.

         "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

         "Filing Date" shall mean the date that is the 60th day after the date
on which the Company files its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2004.

         "Guarantors" shall have the meaning set forth in the second
introductory paragraph hereto.

         "Holder" shall mean any holder of Registrable Securities.

         "Indemnified Holder" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7
hereof.

         "Indemnified Person" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7
hereof.

         "Indemnifying Person" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7
hereof.

         "Indenture" shall have the meaning set forth in the second
introductory paragraph hereto.

                                     -2-
<PAGE>

         "Initial Shelf Registration" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2(a) hereof.

         "Inspectors" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(m) hereof.

         "NASD" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(p) hereof.

         "Notes" shall have the meaning set forth in the second introductory
paragraph hereto.

         "Notice and Questionnaire" shall mean a written notice delivered to
the Company containing substantially the information called for by the Form of
Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire attached hereto as Appendix A.

         "Outside Date" shall mean September 30, 2005.

         "Person" shall mean an individual, partnership, corporation, limited
liability company, unincorporated association, trust or joint venture, or a
governmental agency or political subdivision thereof.

         "Prospectus" shall mean the prospectus included in any Registration
Statement (including, without limitation, any prospectus subject to completion
and a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a
prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance
upon Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act), as amended or
supplemented by any prospectus supplement, and all other amendments and
supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all
material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference
in such Prospectus.

         "Purchase Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the second
introductory paragraph hereto.

         "Purchasers" shall have the meaning set forth in the first
introductory paragraph hereto.

         "QIU" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(p) hereof.

         "Records" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(m) hereof.

         "Registrable Securities" shall mean all Notes and all Underlying
Shares upon original issuance thereof and at all times subsequent thereto
until the earliest to occur of (i) a Registration Statement covering such
Notes and Underlying Shares having been declared effective by the SEC and such
Notes and Underlying Shares having been disposed of in accordance with such
effective Registration Statement, (ii) such Notes and Underlying Shares having
been sold in compliance with Rule 144 (without giving any effect to Rule
144(k)), (iii) such Notes and any Underlying Shares ceasing to be outstanding
or (iv) the third anniversary after the initial effective date of such
Registration Statement (subject to extension as provided in Section 2 hereof).

         "Registration Default" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
3(a) hereof.

                                     -3-
<PAGE>

         "Registration Statement" shall mean any registration statement of the
Company filed with the SEC pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement,
including the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration
statement, including post-effective amendments, all exhibits and all documents
incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such
registration statement.

         "Rule 144" shall mean Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act,
as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule (other than
Rule 144A) or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC providing for offers and
sales of securities made in compliance therewith resulting in offers and sales
by subsequent holders that are not affiliates of an issuer of such securities
being free of the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the
Securities Act.

         "Rule 144A" shall mean Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities
Act, as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule (other
than Rule 144) or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC.

         "Rule 415" shall mean Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act,
as such rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or
regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC.

         "SEC" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.

         "Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

         "Selling Holder" shall mean, on any date, any Holder that has
delivered a Notice and Questionnaire to the Company on or prior to such date.

         "Shelf Registration" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b)
hereof.

         "Shelf Registration Statement" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2(b) hereof.

         "Subsequent Shelf Registration" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2(b) hereof.

         "Suspension Event" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b)
hereof.

         "Suspension Notice" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b)
hereof.

         "TIA" shall mean the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and the
rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

         "Trustee" shall mean the Trustee under the Indenture.

         "Underlying Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in the second
introductory paragraph hereto.

                                     -4-
<PAGE>

         "Underwritten Registration" or "Underwritten Offering" shall mean a
registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an underwriter for
reoffering to the public.

2.   Shelf Registration.
     ------------------

         (a)   Shelf Registration. The Company shall file with the SEC a "shelf"
Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis
pursuant to Rule 415 covering all of the Registrable Securities (the "Initial
Shelf Registration") on or prior to the Filing Date.

         The Initial Shelf Registration shall be on Form S-1, Form S-3 or
another appropriate form permitting registration of such Registrable
Securities for resale by Holders in the manner or manners designated by them
(including, without limitation, one or more Underwritten Offerings; provided,
that the lead or managing underwriter in any Underwritten Offerings shall be
reasonably acceptable to the Company). The Company may permit securities other
than the Registrable Securities to be included in the Initial Shelf
Registration or any Subsequent Shelf Registration; provided, however, that to
the extent that any securities may not be included on any such registration
for any reason, no securities other than Registrable Securities shall be
included therein unless all Registered Securities requested to be included
therein are so included.

         The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause
the Initial Shelf Registration to be declared effective under the Securities
Act on or prior to the Effectiveness Date and to keep such Initial Shelf
Registration continuously effective under the Securities Act until the date
that is three (3) years after the Effectiveness Date, provided such period
shall automatically be extended to the extent required to permit brokers and
dealers to comply with Rule 174 under the Securities Act, as provided in
Section 6 hereof or as otherwise provided herein (such period, as it may be
extended or shortened pursuant to this Agreement, the "Effectiveness Period"),
or such shorter period ending when no Registrable Securities continue to be
outstanding.

         (b)   Subsequent Shelf Registrations. If the Initial Shelf Registration
or any Subsequent Shelf Registration ceases to be effective for any reason at
any time during the Effectiveness Period (other than because of the sale of
all of the securities registered thereunder), the Company shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the prompt withdrawal of any order
suspending the effectiveness thereof, and in any event shall within forty-five
(45) days of such cessation of effectiveness amend the Initial Shelf
Registration in a manner to obtain the withdrawal of the order suspending the
effectiveness thereof, or file an additional "shelf" Registration Statement
pursuant to Rule 415 covering all of the Registrable Securities (a "Subsequent
Shelf Registration"). If a Subsequent Shelf Registration is filed, the Company
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Subsequent Shelf
Registration to be declared effective under the Securities Act as soon as
practicable after such filing and to keep such Registration Statement
continuously effective for a period equal to the number of days in the
Effectiveness Period less the aggregate number of days during which the
Initial Shelf Registration or any Subsequent Shelf Registration was previously
continuously effective. As used herein, the term "Shelf Registration" means
the Initial Shelf Registration and any Subsequent Shelf Registration and the

                                     -5-
<PAGE>

term "Shelf Registration Statement" means any Registration Statement filed in
connection with a Shelf Registration.

         (c)   Supplements and Amendments. The Company shall promptly supplement
and amend the Shelf Registration if required by the rules, regulations or
instructions applicable to the registration form used for such Shelf
Registration, if required by the Securities Act, or, in the reasonable
discretion of the Company, if reasonably requested by the Holders of the
majority in Amount of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration
Statement or by any underwriter of such Registrable Securities; provided,
however, that the Company shall not be required to supplement or amend the
Shelf Registration Statement during the occurrence of any of the events
described in Section 6(a)(i) or (ii).

         (d)   Notice and Questionnaire. Each Holder agrees that if such Holder
wishes to sell Registrable Securities pursuant to a Shelf Registration
Statement and related Prospectus, it will do so only in accordance with this
Section 2(d) and Section 4 hereof. Each Holder wishing to sell Registrable
Securities pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement and related Prospectus
agrees to deliver a Notice and Questionnaire to the Company at least five (5)
Business Days prior to any intended distribution of Registrable Securities
under the Shelf Registration Statement. From and after the date the Initial
Shelf Registration Statement is declared effective, the Company shall, as
promptly as practicable after the date a Notice and Questionnaire is
delivered, and in any event upon five (5) Business Days after such date:

               (i)    if required by applicable law, file with the SEC a
         post-effective amendment to the Shelf Registration Statement or
         prepare and, if required by applicable law, file a supplement to the
         related Prospectus or a supplement or amendment to any document
         incorporated therein by reference or file any other required document
         so that the Holder delivering such Notice and Questionnaire is named
         as a selling securityholder in the Shelf Registration Statement and
         the related Prospectus in such a manner as to permit such Holder to
         deliver such Prospectus to purchasers of the Registrable Securities
         in accordance with applicable law and, if the Company shall file a
         post-effective amendment to the Shelf Registration Statement, use its
         commercially reasonable efforts to cause such post-effective
         amendment to be declared effective under the Securities Act as
         promptly as is practicable, but in any event by the date (the
         "Amendment Effectiveness Deadline Date") that is forty-five (45) days
         after the date such post-effective amendment is required by this
         clause to be filed; provided, however, that such period shall be
         tolled for so long as information provided by or requested to be
         provided by any such Holder is reasonably likely to prevent the
         effectiveness of any such post-effective amendment or supplement;

               (ii)   provide such Holder copies of any documents filed pursuant
         to Section 2(d)(i); and

               (iii)  notify such Holder as promptly as practicable after the
         effectiveness under the Securities Act of any post-effective
         amendment filed pursuant to Section 2(d)(i). Notwithstanding anything
         contained herein to the contrary, the Company shall be under no
         obligation to name any Holder that has not delivered a complete

                                     -6-
<PAGE>

         Notice and Questionnaire in accordance with this Section 2(d) and
         such other information to the Company as required by Section 4(r)
         hereof.

3.   Additional Interest.
     -------------------

         (a)   The Company and the Purchasers agree that the Holders will suffer
damages if the Company fails to fulfill certain of its obligations under
Section 2 hereof or otherwise permits certain circumstances to exist and that
it would not be feasible to ascertain the extent of such damages with
precision. Accordingly, the Company agrees to pay additional interest on the
Notes ("Additional Interest") under the circumstances and to the extent set
forth below (each of which shall be given independent effect; each a
"Registration Default"):

               (i)    if the Initial Shelf Registration is not filed on or prior
         to the Filing Date, then commencing on the day after the Filing Date,
         the interest rate on the Notes shall automatically increase by an
         amount equal to 0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes
         and thereafter the interest rate on the Notes shall automatically
         increase by an additional amount equal to 0.25% per annum each
         subsequent ninety (90)-day period until all Registration Defaults
         have been cured, subject to a maximum increase in the interest rate
         pursuant to this Section 3 of 2.0%;

               (ii)   if the Initial Shelf Registration or Subsequent Shelf
         Registration is not declared effective by the SEC on or prior to the
         Effectiveness Date, then commencing on the day after the
         Effectiveness Date, the interest rate on the Notes shall
         automatically increase by an amount equal to 0.25% per annum of the
         principal amount of the Notes and thereafter the interest rate on the
         Notes shall automatically increase by an additional amount equal to
         0.25% per annum each subsequent ninety (90)-day period until all
         Registration Defaults have been cured, subject to a maximum increase
         in the interest rate pursuant to this Section 3 of 2.0%;

               (iii)  if the Initial Shelf Registration or Subsequent Shelf
         Registration is not declared effective by the SEC on or prior to the
         Outside Date, then commencing on the day after the Outside Date, the
         interest rate on the Notes shall automatically increase by an amount
         equal to 0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes and
         thereafter the interest rate on the Notes shall automatically
         increase by an additional amount equal to 0.25% per annum each
         subsequent ninety (90)-day period until all Registration Defaults
         have been cured, subject to a maximum increase in the interest rate
         pursuant to this Section 3 of 2.0%; and

               (iv)   if a Shelf Registration has been declared effective and
         such Shelf Registration ceases to be effective at any time during the
         Effectiveness Period, then commencing on the day after the date such
         Shelf Registration ceases to be effective, the interest rate on the
         Notes shall automatically increase by an amount equal to 0.25% per
         annum of the principal amount of the Notes and thereafter the

                                     -7-
<PAGE>

         interest rate on the Notes shall automatically increase by an
         additional amount equal to 0.25% per annum each subsequent ninety
         (90)-day period until all Registration Defaults have been cured,
         subject to a maximum increase in the interest rate pursuant to this
         Section 3 of 2.0%;

provided, however, that Additional Interest on the Notes may not accrue under
more than one of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) at any one
time; and provided further, however, that (1) upon the filing of the Initial
Shelf Registration as required hereunder (in the case of clause (a)(i) of this
Section 3), (2) upon the effectiveness of the Initial Shelf Registration or
Subsequent Shelf Registration as required hereunder (in the case of clause
(a)(ii) and (a)(iii) of this Section 3), or (3) upon the effectiveness of a
Shelf Registration which had ceased to remain effective (in the case of
(a)(iv) of this Section 3), Additional Interest on the Notes as a result of
such clause shall cease to accrue and the interest rate on the Notes will
revert to the original interest rate of the Notes if no other Registration
Default has occurred and is continuing; provided, however, any Additional
Interest that has accrued and remains unpaid prior to the date on which the
Company's obligation to pay Additional Interest ceases, shall be payable to
the Holders of the Notes; provided further, that if additional interest on the
Notes is owed pursuant to the Purchase Agreement or default interest is owed
on the Notes pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, then on the date on which
the Registration Default is cured, the interest rate on the Notes will revert
to the then applicable rate on the Notes. Additional interest shall be
computed based on the actual number of days elapsed during which any such
Registration Default exists. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the maximum
increase in the interest rate on the Notes pursuant to Section 4(k) of the
Purchase Agreement and this Section 3 shall not in the aggregate exceed 2.0%
per annum.

         (b)   So long as Registrable Securities remain outstanding, the Company
shall notify the Trustee within five (5) Business Days after each and every
date on which an event occurs in respect of which Additional Interest is
required to be paid. Any amounts of Additional Interest due pursuant to clause
(a)(i), (a)(ii), (a)(iii) or (a)(iv) of this Section 3 will be payable in cash
semi-annually on each January 15 and July 15 (each, a "Damages Payment Date"),
commencing with the first such date occurring after any such Additional
Interest commences to accrue, to Holders to whom regular interest on the Notes
is payable on such Damages Payment Date.

4.   Registration Procedures.
     -----------------------

         In connection with the filing of any Registration Statement pursuant
to Section 2 hereof, the Company shall effect such registrations to permit the
sale of the securities covered thereby in accordance with the intended method
or methods of disposition thereof, and pursuant thereto and in connection with
any Registration Statement filed by the Company hereunder the Company shall:

         (a)   Prepare and file with the SEC, on or prior to the Filing Date, a
Registration Statement or Registration Statements as prescribed by Section 2
hereof, and use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each such
Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective as provided
herein; provided, however, that before filing any Registration Statement or
Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto, the Company shall furnish
to and afford the Holders of the Registrable Securities covered by such
Registration Statement and the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, a

                                     -8-
<PAGE>

reasonable opportunity to review copies of all such documents proposed to be
filed (in each case, where possible, at least three (3) Business Days prior to
such filing, or such later date as is reasonable under the circumstances). The
Company shall not file any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any
amendments or supplements thereto if the Holders of a majority in Amount of
Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement or the managing
underwriter or underwriters, if any, shall reasonably object in writing within
such period.

         (b)   Prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and post-effective
amendments to each Shelf Registration, as may be necessary to keep such
Registration Statement continuously effective for the Effectiveness Period;
cause the related Prospectus to be supplemented by any Prospectus supplement
required by applicable law, and as so supplemented to be filed pursuant to
Rule 424 (or any similar provisions then in force) promulgated under the
Securities Act; and comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act applicable to it with respect to the disposition of all
Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement as so amended or
in such Prospectus as so supplemented.

         (c)   Notify the Selling Holders, Designated Counsel, if any, and the
managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, promptly (but in any event
within two (2) Business Days), (i) when a Prospectus or any prospectus
supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and, with respect to a
Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has
become effective under the Securities Act (including in such notice a written
statement that any Holder may, upon request, obtain, at the sole expense of
the Company, conformed copies of such Registration Statement or post-effective
amendment including financial statements and schedules, documents incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference and exhibits), (ii) of the issuance
by the SEC of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration
Statement or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary
prospectus or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, (iii) of the
happening of any event, the existence of any condition or any information
becoming known that makes any statement made in such Registration Statement or
related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the
making of any changes in or amendments or supplements to such Registration
Statement, Prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration
Statement, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading, and that in the case of the Prospectus,
it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading and (iv) of the Company's determination that a
post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate.

         (d)   Use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance
of any order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or of
any order preventing or suspending the use of a Prospectus and, if any such
order is issued, to use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the
withdrawal of any such order at the earliest possible moment, and provide
prompt notice to the Selling Holders, Designated Counsel, if any, and the
managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the withdrawal of any such
order.

                                     -9-
<PAGE>

         (e)   If requested by the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any,
or the Holders of the majority in Amount of Registrable Securities being sold
in connection with an underwritten offering and reasonably acceptable to the
Company (i) promptly incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment such information as the managing underwriter or underwriters, if
any, or such Holders reasonably determine, in consultation with the Company,
is necessary to be included therein, (ii) make all required filings of such
prospectus supplement or such post-effective amendment as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Company has received notification of the matters to be
incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment and
(iii) supplement or make amendments to such Registration Statement.

         (f)   Furnish to each Selling Holder, Designated Counsel, if any, and
the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, at the sole expense of the
Company, conformed copies of the Registration Statement or Registration
Statements and each post-effective amendment thereto, including financial
statements and schedules, and, if requested, all documents incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits.

         (g)   Deliver to each Selling Holder, Designated Counsel, if any, and
the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, at the sole expense of the
Company, as many copies of the Prospectus (including each form of preliminary
prospectus) and each amendment or supplement thereto and any documents
incorporated by reference therein as such Persons may reasonably request; and
the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment
or supplement thereto by each of the Selling Holders of Registrable
Securities, the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, and dealers, if
any, in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities
covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto.

         (h)   The Company agrees to cause the Company's counsel to perform blue
sky investigations and file registrations and qualifications required to be
filed in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from
such registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities or offer
and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions within
the United States as any Selling Holder or the managing underwriter or
underwriters, if any, reasonably request, keep each such registration or
qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the period such
Registration Statement is required to be kept effective and do any and all
other acts or things reasonably necessary or advisable under blue sky laws to
enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities
covered by the applicable Registration Statement; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be required to (A) qualify generally to do business in any
jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, or (B) subject itself to
taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject.

         (i)   Cooperate with the Selling Holders, the managing underwriter or
underwriters, if any, and their respective counsel to facilitate the timely
preparation and delivery of certificates representing shares of Registrable
Securities to be sold, which certificates shall not bear any restrictive
legends and shall be in a form eligible for deposit with the Depositary; and
enable such shares of Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and
registered in such names as the managing underwriter or underwriters, if any,
or Holders may reasonably request.

                                     -10-
<PAGE>

         (j)   Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section
4(c)(ii), 4(c)(iii) or 4(c)(iv) hereof, as promptly as practicable prepare and
(subject to Section 4(a) hereof) file with the SEC, at the sole expense of the
Company, a supplement or post-effective amendment to the Registration
Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, or file any
other required document so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
the Registrable Securities being sold thereunder, any such Prospectus will not
contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.

         (k)   Prior to the effective date of the first Registration Statement
relating to the Registrable Securities, (i) provide the Trustee with
certificates for the Registrable Securities in a form eligible for deposit
with the Depositary and (ii) provide CUSIP numbers for the Registrable
Securities.

         (l)   In connection with any underwritten offering of Registrable
Securities pursuant to a Shelf Registration, enter into an underwriting
agreement, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, as is
customary in underwritten offerings of securities similar to the Registrable
Securities and take all such other actions as are reasonably requested by the
managing underwriter or underwriters in order to expedite or facilitate the
registration or the disposition of such Registrable Securities and, in such
connection, (i) make such representations and warranties to, and covenants
with, the managing underwriter or underwriters with respect to the business of
the Company and its subsidiaries (including any acquired business, properties
or entity, if applicable) and the Registration Statement, Prospectus and
documents, if any, incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference
therein, in each case, as are customarily made by issuers to underwriters in
underwritten offerings of securities similar to the Registrable Securities and
confirm the same in writing if and when requested; (ii) obtain the written
opinion of counsel to the Company and written updates thereof in form, scope
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the managing underwriter or
underwriters, addressed to the managing underwriter or underwriters covering
the matters customarily covered in opinions requested in underwritten
offerings of securities similar to the Registrable Securities and such other
matters as may be reasonably requested by the managing underwriter or
underwriters; (iii) obtain "cold comfort" letters and updates thereof in form,
scope and substance reasonably satisfactory to the managing underwriter or
underwriters from the independent certified public accountants of the Company
(and, if necessary, any other independent certified public accountants of any
subsidiary of the Company or of any business acquired by the Company for which
financial statements and financial data are, or are required to be, included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement), addressed to each
of the underwriters, such letters to be in customary form and covering matters
of the type customarily covered in "cold comfort" letters in connection with
underwritten offerings of securities similar to the Registrable Securities and
such other matters as reasonably requested by the managing underwriter or
underwriters; and (iv) if an underwriting agreement is entered into, cause the
same to contain indemnification provisions and procedures no less favorable to
the sellers and underwriters, if any, than those set forth in Section 7 hereof
(or such other provisions and procedures acceptable to Holders of a majority
in aggregate principal amount of Registrable Securities covered by such
Registration Statement and the managing underwriter or underwriters or agents,
if any). The above shall be done as and to the extent required by such
underwriting agreement.

                                     -11-
<PAGE>

         (m)   Make available at reasonable times for inspection by one or more
representatives of the Selling Holders, designated in writing by Holders of a
majority in Amount of Registrable Securities to be included in such
Registration Statement of such Registrable Securities being sold, any managing
underwriter or underwriters participating in any such disposition of
Registrable Securities, if any, and any attorney, accountant or other agent
retained by any such Selling Holder or underwriter (collectively, the
"Inspectors"), at the offices where normally kept, during reasonable business
hours at such time or times as shall be mutually convenient for the Company
and the Inspectors as a group, all financial and other records, pertinent
corporate documents and instruments of the Company and its subsidiaries
(collectively, the "Records") as shall be reasonably necessary to enable them
to exercise any applicable due diligence responsibilities, and cause the
officers, directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries to
supply all information reasonably requested by any such Inspector in
connection with such Registration Statement. Records that the Company
determines, in good faith, to be confidential and any Records that it notifies
the Inspectors are confidential shall not be disclosed by any Inspector unless
(i) the disclosure of such Records is necessary to avoid or correct a material
misstatement or material omission in such Registration Statement, (ii) the
release of such Records is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other order from
a court of competent jurisdiction, (iii) disclosure of such information is, in
the opinion of counsel for any Inspector, necessary or advisable in connection
with any action, claim, suit or proceeding, directly involving or potentially
involving such Inspector and arising out of, based upon, relating to, or
involving this Agreement or any transactions contemplated hereby or arising
hereunder or (iv) the information in such Records has been made generally
available to the public other than through the acts of such Inspector;
provided, however, that prior notice shall be provided as soon as practicable
to the Company of the potential disclosure of any information by such
Inspector pursuant to clauses (ii) or (iii) of this sentence to permit the
Company to obtain a protective order (or waive the provisions of this
paragraph (m)). Each Inspector shall take such actions as are reasonably
necessary to protect the confidentiality of such information (if practicable)
to the extent such actions are otherwise not inconsistent with, an impairment
of or in derogation of the rights and interests of the Holder or any
Inspector, unless and until such information in such Records has been made
generally available to the public other than as a result of a breach of this
Agreement.

         (n)   Provide (i) the Holders of the Registrable Securities to be
included in such Registration Statement and Designated Counsel, if any, (ii)
the underwriters (which term, for purposes of this Registration Rights
Agreement, shall include a Person deemed to be an underwriter within the
meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act), if any, thereof, (iii) the
sales or placement agent, if any, thereof, and (iv) one counsel for such
underwriters or agents, reasonable opportunity to participate in the
preparation of such Registration Statement, each prospectus included therein
or filed with the SEC, and each amendment or supplement thereto.

         (o)   Comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and
make generally available to its security holders earning statements satisfying
the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder
(or any similar rule promulgated under the Securities Act) no later than
forty-five (45) days after the end of any twelve (12)-month period (or ninety
(90) days after the end of any twelve (12)-month period if such period is a
fiscal year) (i) commencing at the end of any fiscal quarter in which
Registrable Securities are sold to underwriters in a firm commitment or
commercially reasonable efforts underwritten offering and (ii) if not sold to

                                     -12-
<PAGE>

underwriters in such an offering, commencing on the first day of the first
fiscal quarter of the Company after the effective date of a Registration
Statement, which statements shall cover said twelve (12)-month periods.

         (p)   Cooperate with each Selling Holder of Registrable Securities
covered by any Registration Statement and the managing underwriter or
underwriters, if any, participating in the disposition of such Registrable
Securities and their respective counsel in connection with any filings
required to be made with the NASD, Inc. (the "NASD"), including, if the
Conduct Rules of the NASD or any successor thereto as amended from time to
time so require, engaging a "qualified independent underwriter" ("QIU") as
contemplated therein and making Records available to such QIU as though it
were a participating underwriter for the purposes of Section 4(m) and
otherwise applying the provisions of this Agreement to such QIU (including
indemnification) as though it were a participating underwriter.

         (q)   Cause the Indenture to be qualified under the TIA and in
connection therewith, cooperate with the Trustee and the Holders of the
Registrable Securities and their respective counsel to effect such changes to
the Indenture as may be required for the Indenture to be so qualified in
accordance with the terms of the TIA; and execute, and use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Trustee to execute, all documents as may be
required to effect such changes and all other forms and documents required to
be filed with the SEC to enable the Indenture to be so qualified in a timely
manner.

         (r)   Use its commercially reasonable efforts to take all other steps
necessary or advisable to effect the registration of the Registrable
Securities covered by a Registration Statement contemplated hereby.

         Each Holder agrees, by acquisition of the Registrable Securities,
that no Holder shall be entitled to sell any of such Registrable Securities
pursuant to a Registration Statement or to receive a Prospectus relating
thereto, unless such Holder has furnished the Company with a Notice and
Questionnaire as required pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof (including the
information required to be included in such Notice and Questionnaire) and the
information set forth in the next sentence. Each Selling Holder agrees
promptly to furnish to the Company all information required to be disclosed in
order to make the information previously furnished to the Company by such
Selling Holder not misleading and any other information regarding such Selling
Holder and the distribution of such Registrable Securities as the Company may
from time to time reasonably request. Any sale of any Registrable Securities
by any Holder shall constitute a representation and warranty by such Holder
that the information relating to such Holder and its plan of distribution is
as set forth in the Prospectus delivered by such Holder in connection with
such disposition, that such Prospectus does not as of the time of such sale
contain any untrue statement of a material fact relating to or provided by
such Holder or its plan of distribution and that such Prospectus does not as
of the time of such sale omit to state any material fact relating to or
provided by such Holder or its plan of distribution necessary to make the
statements in such Prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

         The Company may require each Selling Holder of Registrable Securities
as to which any registration is being effected to furnish to the Company such
additional information regarding such Holder and the distribution of such
Registrable Securities as the Company may, from time to time, reasonably

                                     -13-
<PAGE>

request to the extent necessary or advisable to comply with the Securities
Act. The Company may exclude from such registration the Registrable Securities
of any Selling Holder if such Holder fails to furnish such additional
information within twenty (20) Business Days after receiving such request.
Each Selling Holder as to which any Shelf Registration is being effected
agrees to furnish promptly to the Company all information required to be
disclosed so that the information previously furnished to the Company by such
Holder is not materially misleading and does not omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made.

         Each Holder of Registrable Securities agrees by acquisition of such
Registrable Securities that upon the happening of any event of the kind
described in Section 4(c)(ii), 4(c)(iii) or 4(c)(iv) hereof, such Holder will
forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities covered by
such Registration Statement or Prospectus until such Holder's receipt of the
copies of the supplemented or amended Prospectus contemplated by Section 4(j)
hereof, or until it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the
applicable Prospectus may be resumed, and has received copies of any
amendments or supplements thereto.

5.   Registration Expenses.
     ---------------------

         (a)   All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or
compliance with this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by the Company,
including, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees
(including, without limitation, (A) fees with respect to filings required to
be made with the NASD in connection with an underwritten offering and (B) fees
and expenses of compliance with state securities or blue sky laws, including,
without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel in connection
with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities and determination
of the eligibility of the Registrable Securities for investment under the laws
of such jurisdictions as provided in Section 4(h) hereof), (ii) printing
expenses, including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for
Registrable Securities in a form eligible for deposit with the Depositary and
of printing prospectuses if the printing of prospectuses is requested by the
managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, or by the Holders of the
majority in Amount of Registrable Securities included in any Registration
Statement, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and
disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) fees and disbursements of all
independent certified public accountants referred to in Section 4(l)(iii)
hereof (including, without limitation, the expenses of any special audit and
"cold comfort" letters required by or incident to such performance), (vi)
Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company desires such insurance,
(vii) fees and expenses of all other Persons retained by the Company, (viii)
internal expenses of the Company (including, without limitation, all salaries
and expenses of officers and employees of the Company performing legal or
accounting duties), (ix) the expense of any annual audit, (x) the fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the securities to be
registered on any securities exchange, if applicable, and (xi) the expenses
relating to printing, word processing and distributing all Registration
Statements, underwriting agreements, securities sales agreements and any other
documents necessary in order to comply with this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, each Holder shall pay all
underwriting discounts and brokerage commissions with respect to any
Registrable Securities sold by it and, except as set forth in Section 5(b)

                                     -14-
<PAGE>

below the Company shall not be responsible for the fees and expenses of any
counsel for the Holders.

         (b)   The Company shall reimburse the Holders of the Registrable
Securities being registered in a Shelf Registration for the reasonable fees
and disbursements, not to exceed $75,000, of Designated Counsel.

         (c)   Black-Out Period.Subject to the provisions of this Section 6 and
a good faith determination by a majority of the members of the Board of
Directors of the Company that it is in the best interests of the Company to
suspend the use of the Registration Statement, following the effectiveness of
a Registration Statement (and the filings with any international, federal or
state securities commissions), the Company, by written notice to the Holders,
may direct the Holders to suspend sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant
to a Registration Statement for such times as the Company reasonably may
determine is necessary and advisable (but in no event for more than an
aggregate of sixty (60)-days in any rolling twelve (12)-month period
commencing on the Closing Date, or thirty (30)-days in any rolling ninety
(90)-day period, and no more than two (2) separate times in any rolling 12
month period) if any of the following events shall occur: (i) a primary
Underwritten Offering by the Company where the Company is advised by the
representative of the managing underwriters for such Underwritten Offering
that the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement
would have a material adverse effect on the Company's Underwritten Offering;
(ii) a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company in
good faith determine that (A) the offer or sale of any Registrable Securities
would materially impede, delay or interfere with any material proposed
acquisition, merger, tender offer, business combination, corporate
reorganization, consolidation or other similar material transaction involving
the Company, (B) after the advice of counsel, sale of Registrable Securities
pursuant to the Registration Statement would require disclosure of non-public
material information not otherwise required to be disclosed under applicable
law, and (C) disclosure could have a material adverse effect on the Company or
the Company's ability to consummate such transaction in each case under
circumstances that would make it impracticable or inadvisable to cause the
Registration Statement (or such filings) to become effective or to promptly
amend or supplement the Registration Statement on a post-effective basis, as
applicable; or (iii) a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of
the Company shall have determined in good faith, after the advice of counsel,
that it is required by law, rule or regulation to supplement the Registration
Statement or file a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement in
order to incorporate information into the Registration Statement for the
purpose of (A) including in the Registration Statement any Prospectus required
under Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; (B) reflecting in the Prospectus
included in the Registration Statement any facts or events arising after the
effective date of the Registration Statement (or of the most-recent
post-effective amendment) that, individually or in the aggregate, represents a
fundamental change in the information set forth therein; or (C) including in
the Prospectus included in the Registration Statement any material information
with respect to the plan of distribution not disclosed in the Registration
Statement or any material change to such information. Upon the occurrence of
any such suspension, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts
to cause the Registration Statement to become effective or to promptly amend
or supplement the Registration Statement on a post-effective basis or to take
such action as is necessary to permit resumed use of the Registration
Statement as soon as possible.

                                     -15-
<PAGE>

         (d)   In the case of an event that causes the Company to suspend the
use of a Registration Statement (a "Suspension Event"), the Company shall give
written notice (a "Suspension Notice") to the Holders to suspend sales of the
Registrable Securities and such notice shall state generally the basis for the
notice and certify, by an officer of the Company, that such suspension shall
continue only for so long as the Suspension Event or its effect is continuing
and the Company is taking all reasonable steps to terminate suspension of the
use of the Registration Statement as promptly as possible. The Holders shall
not effect any sales of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such
Registration Statement (or such filings) at any time after receiving a
Suspension Notice from the Company and prior to receipt of an End of
Suspension Notice (as defined below). If so directed by the Company, each
Holder will deliver to the Company (at the expense of the Company) all copies
other than permanent file copies then in such Holder's possession of the
Prospectus covering the Registrable Securities at the time of receipt of the
Suspension Notice. The Holders may recommence effecting sales of the
Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement (or such
filings) following further notice to such effect (an "End of Suspension
Notice") from the Company, which End of Suspension Notice shall be given by
the Company to the Holders in the manner described above promptly following
the conclusion of any Suspension Event and its effect.

         (e)   Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, if the
Company shall give a Suspension Notice pursuant to this Section 6 with respect
to any Registration Statement, the Company agrees that it shall extend the
period of time during which such Registration Statement shall be maintained
effective pursuant to this Agreement by the number of days during the period
from the date of the giving of a Suspension Notice to and including the date
when Holders shall have received an End of Suspension Notice and copies of the
supplemented or amended Prospectus necessary to resume sales, with respect to
each Suspension Event; provided such period of time shall not be extended
beyond the date that Underlying Shares are not Registrable Securities.

6.   Indemnification.
     ---------------

         The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless (i) each Holder
(which, for the absence of doubt, for purposes of this Section 7 shall include
the Purchasers), (ii) each Person, if any, who controls (within the meaning of
either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) any
Holder (any of the Persons referred to in this clause (ii) being hereinafter
referred to as a "Controlling Person"), (iii) the respective officers,
directors, partners, members, employees, representatives and agents of any
Holder (including any predecessor holder) or any controlling person (any
person referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) may hereinafter be referred to
as an "Indemnified Holder"), against any losses, claims, damages, liabilities
or expenses to which such Indemnified Holder may become subject under the
Securities Act or otherwise, (A) insofar as such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or expenses (or actions or proceedings in respect thereof) arise
out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of
any material fact contained in any Registration Statement or Prospectus, or
any amendment or supplement thereto or any related preliminary prospectus, (B)
insofar as such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses (or actions
or proceedings in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon the omission
or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in the
light of the circumstances in which they were made, (C) to the extent of the

                                     -16-
<PAGE>

aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or
proceeding by any court or governmental agency or body, commenced or
threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or
omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission, or (D) insofar as
such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses arise out investigating,
preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or
proceeding by any court or governmental agency or body, commenced or
threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or
omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided, however,
that the Company will not be liable under this paragraph, to the extent that
(i) any such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense arises out of or is
based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement, or omission or
alleged omission made in any such Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any
amendment or supplement thereto or any related preliminary prospectus in
reliance upon and in conformity with written information relating to any
Holder furnished to the Company or any underwriter by or on behalf of such
Holder specifically for use in therein or (ii) any untrue statement contained
in or omission from a preliminary Prospectus if a copy of the Prospectus (as
then amended or supplemented, if the Company shall have furnished to or on
behalf of the Holder participating in the distribution relating to the
relevant Registration Statement any amendments or supplements thereto) was not
sent or given by or on behalf of such Holder to the Person asserting any such
liabilities who purchased Underlying Shares, if such Prospectus (or Prospectus
as amended or supplemented) is required by law to be sent or given at or prior
to the written confirmation of the sale of such Underlying Shares to such
Person and the untrue statement contained in or omission from such preliminary
Prospectus was corrected in the Prospectus (or the Prospectus as amended or
supplemented if the Company shall have furnished any amendments or supplements
thereto). The indemnity provided for herein shall remain in full force and
effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any such
Holder. The Company shall notify such Indemnified Holder promptly of the
institution, threat or assertion of any claim, proceeding (including any
governmental investigation) or litigation in connection with the matters
addressed by this Agreement which involves the Company or such Indemnified
Holder.

         The Company agrees to reimburse each Indemnified Holder upon demand
for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Holder
in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage or
liability, action or proceeding or in responding to a subpoena or governmental
inquiry related to the offering of the Registrable Securities, whether or not
such Indemnified Holder is a party to any action or proceeding. In the event
that it is finally judicially determined that an Indemnified Holder was not
entitled to receive payments for legal and other expenses pursuant to this
paragraph, such Indemnified Holder will promptly return all sums that had been
advanced pursuant hereto.

         Each Holder agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold
harmless the Company, its directors and officers and each Person who controls
the Company (within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act) to the same extent as the indemnity provided
in the first paragraph of this Section 7 from the Company to each Holder, but
only with reference to such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses
which are caused by any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue
statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity with information
relating to a Holder furnished to the Company or any underwriter in writing by
such Holder expressly for use in any Registration Statement or Prospectus, or
any amendment or supplement thereto or any related preliminary prospectus. The

                                     -17-
<PAGE>

liability of any Holder under this paragraph shall in no event exceed the net
proceeds received by such Holder from sales of Registrable Securities giving
rise to such obligation.

         In case any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental or
regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted
against any Person in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to
either of the first and third paragraphs of this Section 7, such Person (the
"Indemnified Person") shall promptly notify the Person or Persons against whom
such indemnity may be sought (each an "Indemnifying Person") in writing. No
indemnification provided for in the first or third paragraphs of this Section
7 shall be available to any Person who shall have failed to give notice as
provided in this paragraph if the party to whom notice was not given was
unaware of the proceeding to which such notice would have related and was
materially prejudiced by the failure to give such notice, but the failure to
give such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Person or Persons from any
liability which it or they may have to the Indemnified Person for contribution
or otherwise than on account of the provisions of the first and third
paragraphs of this Section 7. In case any such proceeding shall be brought
against any Indemnified Person and it shall notify the Indemnifying Person of
the commencement thereof, the Indemnifying Person shall be entitled to
participate therein and, to the extent that it shall wish, jointly with any
other Indemnifying Person similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof,
with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Person and shall pay
as incurred (or within 30 days of presentation) the fees and disbursements of
such counsel related to such proceeding. In any such proceeding, any
Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel at its own
expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnifying Person shall pay as
incurred (or within 30 days of presentation) the fees and expenses of the
counsel retained by the Indemnified Person in the event (i) the Indemnifying
Person and the Indemnified Person shall have mutually agreed to the retention
of such counsel, (ii) the named parties to any such proceeding (including any
impleaded parties) include both the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified
Person and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be
inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them or
(iii) the Indemnifying Person shall have failed to assume the defense and
employ counsel reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Person within a
reasonable period of time after notice of commencement of the action. It is
understood that the Indemnifying Person shall not, in connection with any
proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the
reasonable fees and expenses of more than one separate firm for all such
Indemnified Persons. Such firm shall be designated in writing by a majority in
Amount of Registrable Securities in the case of parties indemnified pursuant
to the first paragraph of this Section 7 and by the Company in the case of
parties indemnified pursuant to the third paragraph of this Section 7. The
Indemnifying Person shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding
effected without its written consent but if settled with such consent or if
there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Person agrees to
indemnify the Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by
reason of such settlement or judgment. In addition, the Indemnifying Person
will not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Person, settle
or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or
threatened claim, action or proceeding of which indemnification may be sought
hereunder (whether or not any Indemnified Person is an actual or potential
party to such claim, action or proceeding) unless such settlement, compromise
or consent includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Person from
all liability arising out of such claim, action or proceeding.

                                     -18-
<PAGE>

         To the extent the indemnification provided for in this Section 7 is
unavailable to or sufficient to hold harmless an Indemnified Person under the
first or third paragraph of this Section 7 in respect of any losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or expenses (or actions or proceedings in respect
thereof) referred to therein, except by reason of the exceptions set forth in
the first or third paragraphs of this Section 7 or the failure of the
Indemnified Person to give notice as required in the fourth paragraph of this
Section 7, then each Indemnifying Person shall contribute to the amount paid
or payable by such Indemnified Person as a result of such losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or expenses (or actions or proceedings in respect
thereof) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits
received by the Indemnifying Person on the one hand and the Indemnified Person
on the other hand from the offering of the Notes pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement and the Registrable Securities pursuant to any Shelf Registration.
If, however, the allocation provided by the immediately preceding sentence is
not permitted by applicable law then each Indemnifying Person shall contribute
to such amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative benefits but also the
relative fault of the Indemnifying Person on the one hand and the Indemnified
Person on the other in connection with the statements or omissions which
resulted in such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses (or actions
or proceedings in respect thereof), as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand
and any Indemnified Holder on the other shall be deemed to be in the same
proportion as the total net proceeds (before deducting expenses) received by
the Company from the offering and sale of the Notes bear to the total net
proceeds received by such Indemnified Holder from sales of Registrable
Securities giving rise to such obligations. The relative fault shall be
determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to
state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company on the
one hand or such Indemnified Holder on the other and the parties' relative
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent
such statement or omission.

         The Company and the Purchasers agree that it would not be just and
equitable if contributions pursuant to the immediately preceding paragraph of
this Section 7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method
of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph. The amount paid or payable
by an Indemnified Person as a result of the losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or expenses (or actions or proceedings in respect thereof)
referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph shall be deemed to include
any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Person in
connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim or
enforcing any rights hereunder. Notwithstanding the provisions of this
paragraph and the immediately preceding paragraph of this Section 7, (i) in no
event shall any Holder be required to contribute any amount in excess of the
amount by which the net proceeds received by such Holder from the offering or
sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement
exceeds the amount of damages which such Holder would have otherwise been
required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or
omission or alleged omission and (ii) no Person guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act)
shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such
fraudulent misrepresentation.

                                     -19-
<PAGE>

         Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7, any losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or expenses for which an Indemnified Person is entitled
to indemnification or contribution under this Section 7 shall be paid by the
Indemnifying Person to the Indemnified Person as such losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or expenses are incurred (or within thirty (30) days of
presentation).

         The remedies provided for in this Section 7 are not exclusive and
shall not limit any rights or remedies that may otherwise be available to any
indemnified party at law or in equity.

         The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section 7
shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any
termination of this Agreement, (ii) any investigation made by or on behalf of
any Holder or any Person controlling any Holder or by or on behalf of the
Company, its officers or directors or any other Person controlling any of the
Company and (iii) acceptance of and payment for any of the Registrable
Securities.

7.   Rules 144 and 144A.
     ------------------

         With a view to making available to the Holders the benefits of Rule
144 and Rule 144A, for so long as any Registrable Securities remain
outstanding and regardless of whether or not the Company has a class of
securities registered under the Exchange Act, the Company shall: (1) keep
adequate current public information available (as required by Rule 144); (2)
file with the Commission in a timely manner all reports and other documents
required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act; (3)
furnish to each Holder promptly upon request, (A) a written statement by the
Company, if true, that it has complied with the applicable reporting
requirements of Rules 144 and 144A, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
(B) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and
copies of such other reports and documents so filed by the Company, (C) the
information required by Rule 144A(d)(4) (or any successor rule) under the
Securities Act, and (D) such other information as may be reasonably requested
to permit the Holders to sell such Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 144
(without regard to Rule 144(k)) and Rule 144A, in each case, without
registration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of clauses (1) and
(2) shall not apply with respect to the filing by the Company of its (i) Form
10-Q for the first fiscal quarter of 2005 until June 14, 2005 and (ii) Form
10-K for the 2004 fiscal year until April 30, 2005.

8.   Underwritten Registrations.
     --------------------------

         If any of the Registrable Securities covered by any Shelf
Registration are to be sold in an underwritten offering, the investment banker
or investment bankers and manager or managers that will manage the offering
will be selected by, and the underwriting arrangements with respect thereto
will be approved by the majority in Amount of Registrable Securities to be
included in such offering in consultation with the Company; provided, that no
managing investment banker or underwriter shall be chosen to which the Company
shall reasonably object.

         No Holder of Registrable Securities may participate in any
underwritten registration hereunder unless such Holder (a) agrees to sell such
Holder's Registrable Securities on the basis provided in any underwriting
arrangements approved by the Persons entitled hereunder to approve such

                                     -20-
<PAGE>

arrangements and (b) completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of
attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements and other documents reasonably
required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

9.   Miscellaneous.
     -------------

         (a)   No Inconsistent Agreements. The Company has not, as of the date
hereof, and the Company shall not, after the date of this Agreement, enter
into any agreement with respect to any of its securities that is inconsistent
with the rights granted to the Holders of Registrable Securities in this
Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof.

         (b)   Adjustments Affecting Registrable Securities. The Company shall
not, directly or indirectly, take any action with respect to the Registrable
Securities as a class that would materially and adversely affect the ability
of the Holders of Registrable Securities to include such Registrable
Securities in a registration undertaken pursuant to this Agreement.

         (c)   Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement may not
be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures
from the provisions hereof may not be given, otherwise than with the prior
written consent of the Company and the Holders of not less than the majority
in Amount of Registrable Securities then outstanding; provided, however, that
Section 7 and this Section 10(c) may not be amended, modified or supplemented
without the prior written consent of the Company and each Holder (including,
in the case of an amendment, modification or supplement of Section 7, any
Person who was a Holder of Registrable Securities disposed of pursuant to any
Registration Statement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to
depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates
exclusively to the rights of Holders of Registrable Securities whose
securities are being sold pursuant to a Registration Statement and that does
not directly or indirectly affect, impair, limit or compromise the rights of
other Holders of Registrable Securities may be given by Holders of at least a
majority in principal amount of the Registrable Securities being sold by such
Holders pursuant to such Registration Statement.

         (d)   Notices. All notices and other communications (including without
limitation any notices or other communications to the Trustee) provided for or
permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand-delivery, registered
first-class mail, next-day air courier or facsimile:

                                     -21-
<PAGE>

               (1)  if to a Holder, at the most current address of such Holder
set forth on the records of the registrar under the Indenture, in the case of
Holders of Notes, and the stock ledger of the Company, in the case of Holders
of common stock of the Company, unless, in either such case, any Holder shall
have provided notice information in a Notice and Questionnaire or any
amendment thereto, in which case such information shall control.

               (2)  if to the Company:

                      RCN Corporation
                      105 Carnegie Center
                      Princeton, New Jersey 08540
                      Facsimile No.: (609) 734-3701
                      Attention: Deborah M. Royster, Esq.

                    with copies to (which shall not constitute notice):

                      Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
                      Four Times Square
                      New York, New York 10036
                      Facsimile No.: (212) 735-2000
                      Attention: Alan G. Straus, Esq.

         All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly
given: when delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five (5) Business Days
after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed; one Business
Day after being timely delivered to a next-day air courier; and when the
addressor receives facsimile confirmation, if sent by facsimile during normal
business hours, and otherwise on the next Business Day during normal business
hours.

         (e)   Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of each of the parties
hereto, including, without limitation, the Holders and without the need for an
express assignment, subsequent Holders. If any transferee of any Holder shall
acquire the Registrable Securities, in any manner, whether by operation of law
or otherwise, such Registrable Securities shall be held subject to all of the
terms of this Agreement, and by taking and holding such Registrable
Securities, such Person shall be conclusively deemed to have agreed to be
bound by and to perform all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement and
such Person shall be entitled to receive the benefits hereof.

         (f)   Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

         (g)   Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

         (h)   Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. All questions
concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this
Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York,
without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or

                                     -22-
<PAGE>

rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of
New York. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and
consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by
mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it
under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner
permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement
in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of
this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES
ANY RIGHT TO REQUEST A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION WITH RESPECT TO THIS
AGREEMENT AND REPRESENTS THAT COUNSEL HAS BEEN CONSULTED SPECIFICALLY AS TO
THIS WAIVER.

         (i)   Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of
this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,
illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions,
covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the
parties hereto shall use their best efforts to find and employ an alternative
means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that
contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby
stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions
without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable.

         (j)   Securities Held by the Company or Its Affiliates. Whenever the
consent or approval of Holders of a specified percentage in Amount of
Registrable Securities is required hereunder, Registrable Securities held by
the Company or its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the
Securities Act) shall not be counted in determining whether such consent or
approval was given by the Holders of such required percentage.

         (k)   Third-Party Beneficiaries. Holders of Registrable Securities are
intended third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and the Company and each
Holder shall have the right to enforce this Agreement directly to the extent
it deems such enforcement necessary or advisable to protect its rights or the
rights of Holders hereunder.

         (l)   Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Purchase
Agreement, the Indenture and the Note, is intended by the parties as a final
and exclusive statement of the agreement and understanding of the parties
hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein and therein and any
and all prior oral or written agreements, representations, or warranties,
contracts, understandings, correspondence, conversations and memoranda between
the Purchasers on the one hand and the Company on the other, or between or
among any agents, representatives, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates,
predecessors in interest or successors in interest with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof are merged herein and replaced hereby.


                           [Signature page follows]

                                     -23-
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration
Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                           RCN CORPORATION


                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                              Title: Executive Vice President
                                                     and Chief Financial Officer


                                           D. E. SHAW LAMINAR LENDING 2, INC.


                                           By: /s/ Max Holmes
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Max Holmes
                                              Title: Authorized Signatory


              [Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                           Canpartners Investments IV, LLC


                                           By: /s/ Joshua S. Friedman
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Joshua S. Friedman
                                              Title: Authorized Signatory


              [Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration
Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                           SENECA CAPITAL, L.P.


                                           By: /s/ Doug Hirsch
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Doug Hirsch
                                              Title: Managing Member


              [Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration
Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                           RCN CORPORATION,
                                             as Attorney-in-Fact for each of the
                                             Purchasers named in Schedule II
                                             hereto


                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                              Title: Chief Financial Officer


              [Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

<PAGE>

                                  Appendix A

                           Notice and Questionnaire
                           ------------------------

<PAGE>

            FORM OF SELLING SECURITYHOLDER NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE


         The undersigned beneficial holder of 7.375% Convertible Second-Lien
Notes due 2012 (the "Notes") of RCN Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), or common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock" and
together with the Notes, the "Registrable Securities"), of the Company
understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission a registration statement (the "Shelf Registration
Statement") for the registration and resale of the Registrable Securities in
accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of
December 21, 2004 (the "Registration Rights Agreement"), by and among the
Company and the purchasers named therein. A copy of the Registration Rights
Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth
below.

         Each beneficial owner of Registrable Securities is entitled to the
benefits of the Registration Rights Agreement. In order to sell or otherwise
dispose of any Registrable Securities pursuant to the Shelf Registration
Statement, a beneficial owner of Registrable Securities generally will be
required to be named as a selling securityholder in the related prospectus,
deliver a prospectus to each purchaser of Registrable Securities and be bound
by those provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement applicable to such
beneficial owner (including certain indemnification provisions, as described
below). Beneficial owners are encouraged to complete and deliver this Selling
Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire prior to the effectiveness of the
Shelf Registration Statement so that such beneficial owners may be named as
selling securityholders in the related prospectus at the time of
effectiveness. Any beneficial owner of Notes wishing to include its
Registrable Securities must deliver to the Company a properly completed and
signed Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire.

         Certain legal consequences arise from being named as a selling
securityholder in the Shelf Registration Statement and the related prospectus.
Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are
advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences
of being named or not being named as a selling securityholder in the Shelf
Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

Notice

         The undersigned beneficial owner (the "Selling Securityholder") of
Registrable Securities hereby gives notice to the Company of its intention to
sell or otherwise dispose of Registrable Securities beneficially owned by it
and listed below in Item 3 (unless otherwise specified under Item 3) pursuant
to the Shelf Registration Statement. The undersigned, by signing and returning
this Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire, understands that it will
be bound by the terms and conditions of this Selling Securityholder Notice and
Questionnaire and the Registration Rights Agreement.

         The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the
Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate and
complete as of the date below:

<PAGE>

Questionnaire

1.   (a) Full Legal Name of Selling Securityholder:

         _______________________________________________________________________

     (b)  Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above)
          through which Registrable Securities listed in (3) below are held:

         _______________________________________________________________________

     (c)  Full Legal Name of DTC Participant (if applicable and if not the
          same as (b) above) through which Registrable Securities listed in
          (3) below are held:

         _______________________________________________________________________

2.   Address for Notices to Selling Securityholder:

     ___________________________________________________________________________

     ___________________________________________________________________________

     Telephone: ________________________________________________________________

     Fax: ______________________________________________________________________

     Contact Person: ___________________________________________________________

3.   Beneficial Ownership of Registrable Securities:

     (a)  Type and Principal Amount of Registrable Securities beneficially
          owned:

          ______________________________________________________________________

          ______________________________________________________________________

     (b)  CUSIP No(s). of Registrable Securities beneficially owned:

          ______________________________________________________________________

          ______________________________________________________________________

4.   If other than a natural person, please indicate the form or organization
     of the Selling Securityholder (e.g. corporation, limited liability
     company, limited partnership, general partnership, trust, estate, etc.):

     ___________________________________________________________________________

5.   If the Selling Securityholder is not a natural person, and is not a
     publicly traded entity, please identify the individuals who beneficially
     own the shares or interests of the Selling Securityholder (including any

<PAGE>

     intermediate entities through which such beneficial ownership is held)
     and the amounts and percentages of such ownership:

     ___________________________________________________________________________

     ___________________________________________________________________________

6.   Please indicate whether the Selling Securityholder is a "broker" or a
     "dealer" (as such terms are defined in Section 3 of the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) or an affiliate of any broker or
     dealer.

     ___________________________________________________________________________

     ___________________________________________________________________________

7.   If the Selling Securityholder is an affiliate of any broker or dealer,
     please indicate by checking the appropriate box whether the answer to the
     following questions is "True" or "False."

     (a)  The Selling Securityholder purchased the Registrable Securities in
          the ordinary course of business.

                            ___ True      ___ False

     (b)  At the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be
          resold, the Selling Securityholder had no agreements or
          understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to
          distribute them.

                            ___ True      ___ False

8.   Beneficial Ownership of the Company's securities owned by the Selling
     Securityholder:

     Except as set forth below in this Item (4), the undersigned is not the
     beneficial or registered owner of any "Other Securities," defined as
     securities of the Company other than the Registrable Securities listed
     above in Item (3).

     (a)  Type and Amount of Other Securities beneficially owned by the
          Selling Securityholder:

          ______________________________________________________________________

          ______________________________________________________________________

     (b)  CUSIP No(s). of such Other Securities beneficially owned:

          ______________________________________________________________________

          ______________________________________________________________________

<PAGE>

9.   Relationship with the Company:

     Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its
     affiliates, officers, directors or principal equityholders (5% or more)
     has held any position or office or has had any other material
     relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during
     the past three years.

     State any exceptions here:

     ___________________________________________________________________________

     ___________________________________________________________________________

     ___________________________________________________________________________

     ___________________________________________________________________________

10.  Plan of Distribution:

     Except as set forth below, the undersigned (including its donees or
     pledgees) intends to distribute the Registrable Securities listed above
     in Item (3) pursuant to the Shelf Registration Statement only as follows
     (if at all): Such Registrable Securities may be sold from time to time
     directly by the undersigned or alternatively, through underwriters,
     broker-dealers or agents (with the prior agreement of the Company). If
     the Registrable Securities are sold through underwriters or
     broker-dealers, the Selling Securityholder will be responsible for
     underwriting discounts or commissions or agent's commissions. Such
     Registrable Securities may be sold in one or more transactions at fixed
     prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at varying
     prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices. Such
     sales may be effected in transactions (which may involve block
     transactions) (i) on any national securities exchange or quotation
     service on which the Registrable Securities may be listed or quoted at
     the time of sale, (ii) in the over-the-counter market, (iii) in
     transactions otherwise than on such exchanges or services or in the
     over-the-counter market, or (iv) through the writing of options. In
     connection with sales of the Registrable Securities or otherwise, the
     undersigned may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers,
     which may in turn engage in short sales of the Registrable Securities and
     deliver Registrable Securities to close out such short positions, or loan
     or pledge Registrable Securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell
     such securities.

     State any exceptions here:

     ___________________________________________________________________________

     ___________________________________________________________________________

     ___________________________________________________________________________

     ___________________________________________________________________________

         The undersigned acknowledges that it understands its obligation to
comply with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and the rules thereunder relating to stock manipulation, particularly
Regulation M thereunder (or any successor rules or regulations), in connection

<PAGE>

with any offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Shelf Registration
Statement. The undersigned agrees that neither it nor any person acting on its
behalf will engage in any transaction in violation of such provisions.

         The Selling Securityholder hereby acknowledges its obligations under
the Registration Rights Agreement to indemnify and hold harmless certain
persons as set forth therein.

         Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed
under certain circumstances to indemnify the Selling Securityholder against
certain liabilities.

         In accordance with the undersigned's obligation under the
Registration Rights Agreement to provide such information as may be required
by law for inclusion in the Shelf Registration Statement, the undersigned
agrees to promptly notify the Company of any inaccuracies or changes in the
information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at
any time while the Shelf Registration Statement remains effective. All notices
hereunder and pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement shall be made in
writing at the address set forth below.

         By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the
information contained herein in its answers to items (1) through (10) above
and the inclusion of such information in the Shelf Registration Statement and
the related prospectus. The undersigned understands that such information will
be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment
of the Shelf Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, by authority duly given, has
caused this Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and
delivered either in person or by its duly authorized agent.

Dated:                                     Beneficial Owner


                                           By:
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:
                                              Title:


        PLEASE RETURN THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED SELLING SECURITYHOLDER
                         NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO:

                                RCN Corporation
                           General Counsel's Office
                              105 Carnegie Center
                          Princeton, New Jersey 08540
                           Telephone: (609) 734-3700
                           Facsimile: (609) 734-3701


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>rcn_starpower.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1 - PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.1

                    MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT


         THIS MEMBERSHIP INTEREST PURCHASE AGREEMENT (such Agreement, as it
may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with the
terms herein, this "Agreement"), dated as of December 21, 2004 (the "Effective
Date"), is entered into by and between Pepco Communications, L.L.C., a
Delaware limited liability company ("Seller"), and RCN Telecom Services of
Washington, D.C., Inc., a District of Columbia corporation ("Purchaser").

         WHEREAS, each of Seller and Purchaser owns 50% of the total
membership interest in Starpower Communications, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company ("Starpower"); and

         WHEREAS, Seller desires to sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser desires
to purchase from Seller, all of Seller's 50% Membership Interest (as defined
in the Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Starpower Communications,
LLC, made as of December 18, 1997 by and between Seller and Purchaser, as
amended by First Amendment to Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of
Starpower Communications, LLC, made as of December 18, 1998 by and between
Seller and Purchaser (collectively, the "Operating Agreement")) in Starpower
(the "Pepcom Membership Interest") on the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement.

         WHEREAS, Purchaser is a subsidiary of RCN Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("RCN"), which on May 27, 2004, along with certain other
subsidiaries, filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11
of Title 11 of the United States Code ("Chapter 11") in the United States
Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the "Bankruptcy
Court").

         WHEREAS, on August 19, 2004, RCN, along with certain subsidiaries,
filed its Joint Plan of Reorganization (the "Plan") with the Bankruptcy Court.

         WHEREAS, on May 27, 2004 RCN requested and received Bankruptcy Court
approval for the terms of the Deutsche Bank Credit Agreement, its exit
financing package (the "Exit Financing") and on November 19, 2004 requested
and received Bankruptcy Court approval to increase the amount of money
available pursuant to the Exit Financing, with such requested increase
intended to be used to purchase the Pepcom Membership Interest.

         WHEREAS, on December 8, 2004, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order
confirming the Plan.

         WHEREAS, in connection with the funding of the Exit Financing,
Purchaser will receive from RCN an amount of money equal to the Purchase Price
and simultaneously transfer such amount to Seller in connection with this
Agreement.

         WHEREAS, RCN intends to consummate the Plan on or about December 21,
2004, receive the proceeds from the Exit Financing, and simultaneously
therewith, complete the purchase of the Pepcom Membership Interest.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the
agreements, representations, warranties, obligations and covenants in this
Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and
sufficiency of which Seller and Purchaser acknowledge, and intending to be
legally bound by this Agreement, and with the understanding that RCN must
consummate its Plan simultaneously with the Closing of the transactions
described in this Agreement, Seller and Purchaser agree as follows:

1.       CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

         Many defined terms used in this Agreement are defined where first
used in this Agreement. The following terms are not defined elsewhere in this
Agreement, and they shall have the following meanings as used in this
Agreement:

         1.1 "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Entity, any other Person
that, either directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with, such Entity.

         1.2 "Control," "Controlled by" and "under common Control with" mean,
with respect to any Entity, the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management or policies of the Entity, whether through the ownership of voting
securities or by any agreement or any other means.

         1.3 "Deutsche Bank Credit Agreement" means the First Lien Credit
Agreement among RCN, Various Lenders thereto, Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands
Branch, as Administrative Agent, and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as Sole
Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager.

         1.4 "Entity" means any corporation, limited liability company,
general partnership, limited partnership, venture, trust, business trust,
estate or other entity.

         1.5 "Knowledge" means, with respect to any Person, that Person's
actual knowledge after reasonable review of the relevant books and records,
and inquiry of the personnel, of the Person as to which the applicable
representation or warranty is being made.

         1.6      "Person" means any Entity or natural person.

         1.7 "Taxes" means all taxes, charges, fees, duties, levies or other
assessments, including (without limitation) income, gross receipts, net
proceeds, ad valorem, real and personal property (tangible and intangible),
sales, use, franchise, excise, value added, license, payroll, unemployment,
environmental, customs duties, capital stock, disability, stamp, leasing,
lease, user, transfer, fuel, excess profits, occupational, and employees'
income withholding and Social Security taxes imposed by the United States or
any foreign country or by any state, municipality, subdivision or
instrumentality of the United States or of any foreign country or by any other
tax authority, and such term shall include any interest, penalties or
additions to tax attributable to such taxes.

2.       PURCHASE OF MEMBERSHIP INTEREST

         2.1 Interest to be Purchased. At the Closing (as defined in Section
3), Purchaser shall pay Seller, by wire transfer of immediately available
funds, the wire transfer instructions for which are set forth below (the "Wire
Instructions"), the amount of Twenty-nine Million U.S. Dollars ($29,000,000)
(the "Purchase Price") and Seller shall sell and deliver to Purchaser, and
Purchaser shall purchase and receive from Seller, all of the Pepcom Membership
Interest, free and clear of all Liens (as defined in Section 4.2).

              Wire Instructions:




         2.2 Specific Exclusions. Purchaser agrees, understands and
acknowledges that (a) other than the Pepcom Membership Interest, no asset of
Seller or any of its Affiliates is being sold pursuant to this Agreement; (b)
nothing in this Agreement grants, or shall be construed as a grant of, any
lease, license or use right, access right or any other right to or for the
benefit of Purchaser or any of its Affiliates with respect to any asset,
property or facility owned, leased, used, controlled or operated by any of
Seller's Affiliates, (c) nothing in this Agreement terminates, amends or
modifies, or shall be construed as terminating, amending or modifying any
lease, license or use right, access right or any other right to or for the
benefit of Starpower or any of its Affiliates with respect to any asset,
property or facility owned, leased, used, controlled or operated by any of
Seller's Affiliates, and (d) nothing in this Agreement terminates, amends or
modifies, or shall be construed as terminating, amending or modifying the
Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of December 18, 1997, by and among RCN
Telecom Services, Inc., Potomac Capital Investment Corporation ("PCI") and
Starpower.

3.       CLOSING DETAILS

         3.1 General. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
the closing of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement (the "Closing)
shall take place on the first business day that occurs after the date on which
all of the conditions set forth in Sections 7.1 and 8.1 (other than those
conditions to be satisfied at the Closing) have been satisfied or waived, or
on such other date as Seller and Purchaser shall agree in writing (the
"Closing Date"). The parties agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to
cause the Closing to occur on or about December 21, 2004 and prior to December
31, 2004. The Closing shall take place through an exchange of consideration
and documents using e-mail and other electronic transmission services,
facsimile machines, and overnight courier services, unless the parties
otherwise agree in writing.

         3.2 Termination. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, this Agreement and the obligations of the parties under this
Agreement will or may be terminated on or prior to the Closing as follows:

                  (a) This Agreement will terminate immediately, at the option
solely of Purchaser, upon Seller or any other Person commencing proceedings to
have Seller adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent or Seller or any Affiliate of
Seller consenting to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings
against Seller, or the filing by Seller, any Affiliate of Seller or any other
Person of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief
with respect to Seller under Title 11, U.S. Code or any similar United States
federal or state law for the relief of debtors; provided, however, that
Purchaser may waive termination under this clause (a) in its sole discretion.

                  (b) Seller may terminate this Agreement (i) in the event
that, or if it is reasonably likely that, the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement have been or will be prohibited or enjoined by reason of any
final, unappealable judgment, decree or order entered or issued by a court of
competent jurisdiction in litigation or proceedings involving Seller that was
not entered at the request or with the support of Seller and if Seller shall
have used commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of such order
or, if having been entered, Seller shall have used commercially reasonable
efforts to have such order lifted; or (ii) in the event Purchaser breaches any
of its representations or warranties in this Agreement and the breach has not
been cured and is not cured before the Outside Termination Date (as defined
below).

                  (c) Purchaser may terminate this Agreement (i) in the event
that, or if it is reasonably likely that, the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement have been or will be prohibited or enjoined by reason of any
final, unappealable judgment, decree or order entered or issued by a court of
competent jurisdiction in litigation or proceedings that was not entered at
the request or with the support of Purchaser and if Purchaser shall have used
commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the entry of such order or, if
having been entered, Purchaser shall have used commercially reasonable efforts
to have such order lifted; or (ii) in the event Seller breaches any of its
representations or warranties in this Agreement and the breach has not been
cured and is not cured before the Outside Termination Date (as defined below).

                  (d) Either Seller or Purchaser may terminate this Agreement
if the Closing Date shall not have taken place on or before March 15, 2005 or
such other date as may be mutually approved in writing by Seller and Purchaser
(such date shall be referred to herein as the "Outside Termination Date").

         3.3 Notice and Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this
Agreement, the transactions contemplated in this Agreement shall immediately
be abandoned and all continuing obligations of the parties under or in
connection with this Agreement shall be terminated and of no further force or
effect; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall relieve any
party from liability for any Fraud (as defined in Section 11.3), breach of
representation or warranty or breach of covenant contained in this Agreement
prior to such termination (together with the provisions of Section 11 which
shall survive in their entirety with respect to such liability).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Sections 10.4 and 12 shall
survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason. If this Agreement
has terminated due to the breach of any party, such party shall remain liable
for any damages arising from such breach.

4.       REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

         Seller hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser as of the date of
this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as follows:

         4.1 Organization, Standing and Qualification. Seller (a) is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Delaware; (b) has full limited liability company power and authority to
own, operate and lease its assets and properties and to carry on its business
as now conducted; and (c) is not required to be qualified or licensed to
conduct business as a foreign limited liability company in any other
jurisdiction where the failure to be so qualified would have a material
adverse effect on Seller.

         4.2 Membership Interests. The Pepcom Membership Interest is owned
entirely by Seller and is free and clear of all liens, security interests,
encumbrances, restrictions, rights of first refusal, pledges and claims of
every kind (each, a "Lien"), other than those set forth or contemplated in the
Operating Agreement. Except as set forth in the Operating Agreement, no
commitment of any kind exists that obligates Seller to transfer any part of
the Pepcom Membership Interest to any Person. Except for the Operating
Agreement, Seller is not a party to, and there exist no, member agreements,
pledge agreements or other agreements relating to or restricting the
transferability of any part of the Pepcom Membership Interest. There is no
outstanding Capital Call (as defined in the Operating Agreement) that has not
been paid, and Seller is not obligated to pay any Capital Call or make any
other contribution to Starpower (other than with respect to Capital Calls in
accordance with the terms of the Operating Agreement that have not yet been
made).

         4.3 Authority. Seller has the full right, power and authority to
enter into, execute and deliver this Agreement and all documents and
agreements necessary to give effect to the provisions of this Agreement, and
to perform its obligations under this Agreement. Seller's execution and
delivery of this Agreement and Seller's consummation of the transactions
contemplated in this Agreement has been duly authorized by all required
limited liability company action, including without limitation, approval by
Seller's members. This Agreement and all such other documents and agreements
to which Seller is a party have been or will be, as the case may be, duly and
validly executed and delivered by Seller and, subject to the due
authorization, execution and delivery by Purchaser, will constitute legal,
valid and binding obligations of Seller enforceable against Seller in
accordance with their respective terms.

         4.4 No Breach or Default. Seller's execution and delivery of, and
consummation of the transactions contemplated in, this Agreement will not (a)
result in the material breach of any of the terms or conditions of, or
constitute a default under, or allow for the acceleration or termination of,
or in any manner release any party from any obligation under, any material
contract, instrument, license or permit to which Seller is a party or by which
it or any of its assets may be bound; (b) conflict with any provision of the
Seller's operating agreement, or any other agreement regarding the operation,
of the Seller; (c) result in any Lien on any part of the Pepcom Membership
Interest or the assets of Starpower; (d) violate in any material respect any
law, rule or regulation, or any order, writ, injunction or decree of any
governmental authority, or require the approval, consent or permission of any
governmental authority other than the regulatory consents required to be
obtained in connection with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement
(the "Regulatory Consents"); or (e) violate the Operating Agreement.

         4.5 No Misleading Statements. Seller's representations and warranties
in this Agreement do not include any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact necessary to make any statements made not
misleading.

         4.6 Brokers; Finders. Except as listed below, no Person has acted
directly or indirectly as a broker, finder or financial advisor for Seller in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

             Seller's Financial Advisor:  Claris Advisors LLC, formerly known
as Claris Capital LLC

         4.7 PCI Guaranties. Exhibit A attached hereto lists all of the
agreements and guaranties PCI has provided to or for the benefit of third
parties with respect to Starpower or its operations (each, a "PCI Guaranty").

         4.8 Litigation. No lawsuits, actions or arbitrations, governmental
investigations, claims, inquiries or proceedings are pending or, to Seller's
Knowledge, threatened involving Seller, any part of the Pepcom Membership
Interest, or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Seller is
not subject to any order, judgment, decree, stipulation or consent of or with
any court, governmental body or agency that has, or may have, a material
adverse effect on the assets or the financial condition or the results or
operation of Seller.

         4.9 No Other Agreement. Except for the Membership Interest Purchase
Agreement between Seller and United Cable Holdings, LLC, dated July 28, 2004
(the "United Cable Agreement"), a copy of which has been provided to
Purchaser, neither Seller nor any of its Affiliates has any contract,
agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the sale or other
disposition of any part of the Pepcom Membership Interest (except as set forth
in the Operating Agreement and this Agreement) or any of Starpower's assets
(except as set forth in the Operating Agreement and in the Internet
Contribution Agreement dated as of December 18, 1998). The United Cable
Agreement does not restrict the ability of Seller to enter into this Agreement
and this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do
not and will not result in a breach under, or conflict with, the United Cable
Agreement.

         4.10 No Approvals Required. Other than the Regulatory Consents, no
notice to, filing with, authorization of, exemption by, approval, consent or
permission of any other Person or of any governmental authority, including
without limitation, any court or bankruptcy court, is required for Seller to
enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated in this
Agreement.

         4.11 No Basis for Denying Consent. Seller is not aware of any reason
why Seller and Starpower would not be able to satisfy any reasonable and
lawful conditions that may be imposed in connection with the granting of any
Regulatory Consent.

5.       REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER

         Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to Seller as of the date of
this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as follows:

         5.1 Organization, Standing and Qualification. Purchaser (a) is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Delaware; (b) has full corporate power and authority to own, operate and
lease its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted; and (c) is
not required to be qualified or licensed to conduct business as a foreign
limited liability company in any other jurisdiction where the failure to be so
qualified would have a material adverse effect on Purchaser.

         5.2 Authority. Purchaser has the full right, power and authority to
enter into this Agreement and all documents and agreements necessary to give
effect to the provisions of this Agreement and to perform its obligations
under this Agreement. Purchaser's execution and delivery of this Agreement,
and Purchaser's consummation of the transactions contemplated in this
Agreement, have been duly authorized by Purchaser's board of directors. This
Agreement and all such other documents and agreements to which Purchaser is a
party have been or will be, as the case may be, duly and validly executed and
delivered by Purchaser and, subject to the due authorization, execution and
delivery by Seller, will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of
Purchaser enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with their respective
terms.

         5.3 No Breach or Default. Purchaser's execution and delivery of, and
consummation of the transactions contemplated in, this Agreement will not (a)
result in the material breach of any of the terms or conditions of, or
constitute a default under, or allow for the acceleration or termination of,
or in any manner release any party from any obligation under, any material
contract, instrument, license or permit to which Purchaser is a party or by
which it or any of its assets may be bound; or (b) conflict with any of the
provisions of the articles of incorporation or bylaws of Purchaser; or (c)
violate in any material respect any law, rule or regulation, or any order,
writ, injunction or decree of any governmental authority, or require the
approval, consent or permission of any governmental authority other than the
Regulatory Consents; or (d) violate the Operating Agreement.

         5.4 No Approvals Required. Other than the Regulatory Consents, the
consents and approvals, if any, related to the transactions described in
Sections 7.1(g) and 8.1(e), and the filings, permits authorizations, consents
and approvals as may be required under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), no approval, consent or
permission of any third party or of any governmental authority, including
without limitation any court or bankruptcy court, is required for Purchaser to
enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated in this
Agreement.

         5.5 No Basis for Denying Consent. To Purchaser's actual knowledge,
(a) no Regulatory Consents will be withheld solely or primarily because of the
fact that Purchaser is the proposed transferee of the Pepcom Membership
Interest and (b) Purchaser will be able to satisfy any reasonable conditions
that may be imposed in connection with the granting of any Regulatory Consent.

         5.6 No Misleading Statements. Purchaser's representations and
warranties in this Agreement do not include any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make any statements made
not misleading.

         5.7 Brokers; Finders. Except as listed below, no Person has acted
directly or indirectly as a broker, finder or financial advisor for Purchaser
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

6.       COVENANTS FROM EFFECTIVE DATE TO CLOSING DATE

         6.1 Operations. The parties agree that, unless otherwise agreed in
writing by both parties, Starpower shall, between the Effective Date and the
Closing Date, continue to exist, operate, carry out its business, and function
in every other manner substantially as it has up to the Effective Date,
subject at all times to the Operating Agreement, applicable Starpower business
plans to which the parties have agreed, and other material contracts that
govern the operations of Starpower.

         6.2 Obtain Consents. Promptly upon the execution of this Agreement,
each of the parties will use commercially reasonable efforts and cooperation
to make all filings and take all steps reasonably necessary to obtain the
Regulatory Consents, including without limitation satisfying any reasonable
and lawful condition that may be imposed in connection with the granting of
any Regulatory Consent, and all other approvals and consents required to be
obtained for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and otherwise to satisfy the conditions of Sections 7.1(f).

7.       CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO PURCHASER'S OBLIGATION TO CLOSE

         7.1 Conditions to Close. Purchaser's obligations under this Agreement
are subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of all of the
following conditions precedent, unless waived in writing by Purchaser:

                  (a) Representations and Warranties. All of Seller's
representations and warranties in this Agreement and in any notice,
certificate or document delivered by Seller under this Agreement shall be
true, correct and complete as of the Closing Date.

                  (b) Conditions. Seller shall have performed, satisfied and
complied with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by it on or before the
Closing Date.

                  (c) Certificate. Seller shall have delivered to Purchaser a
certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory
to Purchaser, certifying to the fulfillment of the conditions set forth in
Sections 7.1(a) and 7.1(b).

                  (d) No Litigation. None of the transactions contemplated in
this Agreement shall have been enjoined by any court or by any governmental
authority, no suit or other proceeding challenging the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement shall have been threatened or instituted, and
no investigative or other demand shall have been made by any governmental
authority.

                  (e) Other Deliveries. Seller shall have delivered the items
it is required to deliver under Section 9.

                  (f) Regulatory Approvals; Other Consents. All material
consents and approvals of regulatory authorities, including, without
limitation, those required pursuant to or in connection with the HSR Act,
necessary to permit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall have been received, provided that Purchaser may waive this
condition with respect to any or all consents otherwise required by this
Section 7.1(f).

                  (g) Plan of Reorganization. The Plan filed with and
confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court shall have been consummated and an amount of
money sufficient to consummate the Plan and acquire the Pepcom Membership
Interest shall have been provided under the Exit Financing.

         8.       CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO SELLER'S OBLIGATION TO CLOSE

         8.1 Conditions to Close. Seller's obligations under this Agreement
are subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of all of the
following conditions precedent, unless waived in writing by Seller:

                  (a) Representations and Warranties. All of Purchaser's
representations and warranties in this Agreement and in any notice,
certificate or document delivered by Purchaser under this Agreement shall be
true, correct and complete as of the Closing Date.

                  (b) Conditions. Purchaser shall have performed, satisfied
and complied with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by it on or before the
Closing Date.

                  (c) Certificate. Purchaser shall have delivered to Seller a
certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory
to Seller, certifying to the fulfillment of the conditions set forth in
Sections 8.1(a) and 8.1(b).

                  (d) No Litigation. None of the transactions contemplated in
this Agreement shall have been enjoined by any governmental authority, no suit
or other proceeding challenging the transactions contemplated in this
Agreement shall have been threatened or instituted, and no investigative or
other demand shall have been made by any governmental authority.

                  (e) Release of PCI Guaranties. For each PCI Guaranty listed
on Exhibit B attached hereto (each a "Released Guaranty"), PCI shall have
received a written release of PCI from each Released Guaranty, in a form that
is reasonably satisfactory to PCI and its counsel in their sole discretion, a
form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit C (the "Indemnity, Guaranty and
Release Agreement"). Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it or one or more
of its Affiliates may be required to provide a replacement guaranty to achieve
such release, and that Seller may condition any waiver of this condition on
the receipt by Seller from Purchaser and/or one or more of its Affiliates, in
Seller's sole discretion, of a written agreement, duly executed by Purchaser
and/or such Affiliates and in a form that is reasonably satisfactory to PCI
and its counsel in their sole discretion, to indemnify and hold PCI harmless
against any and all losses, costs and expenses PCI may incur under any
Released Guaranty from which PCI is not released as contemplated in the
immediately preceding sentence; provided, however, that each and any such
required replacement guaranty or indemnity shall (i) be conditioned on the
delivery by PCI to Purchaser of an instrument pursuant to which PCI will
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Purchaser Indemnitees (as defined in
Section 11.1), to the extent of any obligations that are covered by the
replaced Released Guaranty that arise out of, or result from, facts, events or
circumstances occurring, or which accrue, before the Closing Date; and (ii)
not relieve either Seller or its Affiliates of any of its or their obligations
under any material contracts relating to Starpower to which Seller or its
Affiliates remain a party after the Closing.

                  (f) Other Deliveries. Purchaser shall have delivered the
items it is required to deliver under Section 9.

9.       CLOSING DELIVERIES

         The parties shall make their respective deliveries indicated below:

         9.1 Purchaser's Closing Deliveries. At the Closing, Purchaser shall
deliver to Seller (a) the amount of the Purchase Price pursuant to Section 2
above in the form and manner described in Section 2.1; (b) the certificate
described in Section 8.1(c) above; (c) evidence of the release of the PCI
Guaranties as contemplated in Section 8.1(e) above; and (d) such other
documents or instruments, duly executed by Purchaser, as the parties may agree
are necessary and desirable to effect the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

         9.2 Seller's Closing Deliveries. At the Closing, Seller shall deliver
to Purchaser (a) such instruments of assignment, transfer, conveyance and
endorsement as will be sufficient in the reasonable opinion of Purchaser and
its counsel in their sole discretion to transfer, assign, convey and deliver
to Purchaser the Pepcom Membership Interest, free and clear of all Liens; (b)
the certificate described in Section 7.1(c); (c) a copy of the written
resignations of each Manager appointed by Seller that, as of the Closing Date,
was serving on the Starpower Members Committee; (d) a duly executed
certificate, in the form set forth in Treasury Regulation
ss.1.1445-2(b)(2)(iv)(B) and (e) such other documents or instruments, duly
executed by Seller, as the parties may agree are necessary and desirable to
effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

10.      ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

         10.1 Agreement to Cooperate. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, each party shall use reasonable efforts to take, or cause to
be taken, all action and to do, or cause to be done, all necessary consents
and all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and
regulations to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. In the event any litigation is commenced by any Person
relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Purchaser shall
have the right, at its own expense, to participate in such litigation, and
Seller will not settle any such litigation without the consent of Purchaser,
which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. Following the Closing, each
party shall deliver or cause to be delivered at such times and places as shall
be reasonably agreed upon such additional instruments as the other party may
reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out this Agreement.

         10.2 Broker's and Finder's Fees. Each party shall pay and be
responsible for any broker's, finder's or financial advisory fee incurred by
it in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

         10.3     Taxes.

                  (a) Purchaser and Seller shall reasonably cooperate with
each other, at the expense of the party requesting such cooperation, with
respect to any tax-related matters arising out of either party's ownership of
the Pepcom Membership Interest. In connection therewith, each party shall make
available to the other such files, documents, books and records for inspection
and copying as may be reasonably requested by such other party and shall
cooperate with respect to retaining information and documents relating to such
matters. Each party shall have the sole right and authority, at its option, to
pay, settle, contest and otherwise address all Tax matters affecting any Tax
Returns filed by such party or its direct or indirect members arising out of
or relating to ownership of the Pepcom Membership Interest.

                  (b) The parties acknowledge that the transfer of the Pepcom
Membership Interest as contemplated in this Agreement will result in the
deemed termination of the Starpower partnership for federal income tax
purposes as of the Closing Date. Accordingly, Seller shall cooperate with
Purchaser in seeking to cause a closing of the books of Starpower as of the
Closing Date and the preparation of, and timely filing of, appropriate Tax
returns for the taxable period then ending. Starpower's income and expenses
for such taxable period shall be divided and allocated pursuant to a
reasonable accounting for such income and expenses that is acceptable to both
Seller and Purchaser and shall be determined in accordance with Section 706 of
the Code. Seller shall act as tax matters partner for Starpower for tax
returns with respect to periods prior to and including the Closing Date and
shall cease to be tax matters partner with respect to any subsequent returns
and periods. Purchaser shall prepare and file, and Seller shall sign,
Starpower's final income tax return, with respect to periods during which
Seller was a partner, in accordance with the parties' past practice.

                  (c) Seller and Purchaser shall mutually agree on a proposed
allocation of the total amount received by Seller in exchange for the Pepcom
Membership Interest to the various assets and liabilities of Starpower
pursuant to Sections 751 and 1060 of the Code. Such allocation shall be based
on appraised values provided by third parties recognized as professionals in
such matters. Each party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
Starpower to use the allocation agreed to by the parties as contemplated in
the immediately preceding sentence. Seller and Purchaser agree that neither of
them shall take a position on any Tax return that is inconsistent with such
allocation.

         10.4 Publicity. Except as required by law, any governmental agency or
any securities exchange, the parties hereto agree to obtain the prior approval
of each other before issuing (or allowing their Affiliates to issue) any press
release, public disclosure or other announcement with respect to this
Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In the
event either party hereto is so required by law, any governmental agency or
any securities exchange to make a public disclosure or other announcement as
aforesaid, it shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to afford the
other a reasonable opportunity to review the form and content of the
announcement or disclosure prior to making same.

11.      INDEMNIFICATION; LIQUIDATED DAMAGES

         11.1 By Seller. Seller, subject to the limitations set forth in
Section 11.3, covenants and agrees that it will indemnify, defend and hold
harmless Purchaser, its Affiliates and their directors, officers, members,
managers, agents, successors and assigns (collectively, the "Purchaser
Indemnitees"), from and after the Closing Date, against any and all losses,
damages, assessments, Taxes, fines, penalties, liabilities, claims,
deficiencies, costs and expenses (including specifically, but without
limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses of investigation)
(collectively, "Losses"), suffered or incurred by a Purchaser Indemnitee as a
result of, or suffered or incurred by a Purchaser Indemnitee in litigation
commenced with respect to, any or all of the following contingencies
(collectively, the "Seller Indemnification Events"): (a) any
misrepresentation, breach of warranty, or nonfulfillment of any agreement or
covenant on the part of Seller pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; (b)
any liability or obligation of Seller with respect to the conduct of the
business of Starpower or arising out of, or resulting from the ownership of
the Pepcom Membership Interest, to the extent arising out of, or resulting
from, facts, events or circumstances occurring, or which accrue, prior to the
Closing Date, including specifically franchise fees and any liability or
obligation resulting from a finding that Seller or Starpower failed to comply
with the rules, regulations, policies, procedures or requirements of the FCC
or of any local franchise authority; and (c) all actions, suits, proceedings,
demands, assessments, costs and expenses (including specifically, but without
limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses of investigation) incident
to any of the foregoing.

         11.2 By Purchaser. Purchaser, subject to the limitations set forth in
Section 11.3, covenants and agrees that Purchaser will indemnify, defend and
hold harmless Seller, its Affiliates, and their directors, officers, members,
managers, agents, successors and assigns (the "Seller Indemnitees"), from and
after the Closing Date, against any and all Losses suffered or incurred by a
Seller Indemnitee in litigation commenced with respect to, any of the
following contingencies (all, the "Purchaser Indemnification Events"): (a) any
misrepresentation, breach of warranty, or nonfulfillment of any agreement or
covenant on the part of Purchaser pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; (b)
any liability or obligation with respect to the conduct of the business of
Starpower or arising or resulting from ownership of Starpower to the extent
arising out of, or resulting from, facts, events or circumstances occurring,
or which accrue, after the Closing Date, including specifically franchise fees
and any liability or obligation resulting from a finding that Purchaser or
Starpower failed to comply with the rules, regulations, policies, procedures
or requirements of the FCC or of any local franchise authority; and (c) all
actions, suits, proceedings, demands, assessments, costs and expenses
(including specifically, but without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees
and expenses of investigation) incident to any of the foregoing.

         11.3 Limitations on Liability. The obligations of Seller to indemnify
the Purchaser Indemnitees as provided in Section 11.1, or otherwise to be
liable to Purchaser under this Agreement, and the obligations of Purchaser to
indemnify the Seller Indemnitees as provided in Section 11.2, or otherwise to
be liable to the Seller under this Agreement, shall not apply until the amount
by which the cumulative amount of all liabilities, claims, damages,
deficiencies, actions, suits, proceedings, demands, assessments, adjustments,
costs and expenses and expenditures with respect to the Seller Indemnification
Events or the Purchaser Indemnification Events, as the case may be, net of
insurance coverage and tax benefits to the Indemnitee (as defined below)
exceeds Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) (the "General Deductible
Amount"); provided, that the amount of any obligation of indemnity or any
other liability under this Agreement arising with respect to fraud, fraudulent
inducement, intentional misrepresentation or concealment (collectively,
"Fraud"), or in connection with any covenants contained herein (including
those in Section 10.3), shall not be subject to the General Deductible Amount.
Except for Fraud or a breach of the covenant contained in Section 10.4, the
aggregate maximum amount of indemnification or other liability for which
either party shall be liable under this Agreement with respect to any
misrepresentation, breach of warranty, or nonfulfillment of any agreement or
covenant pursuant to the terms of this Agreement is the Purchase Price.

         11.4 Expiration. Except as provided in Section 11.6, with respect to
the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement, the
obligations of the parties under Section 11.1 and 11.2 shall expire on the
second anniversary of the Closing Date, unless a Claims Notice is given or
litigation is commenced on or prior to such second anniversary; provided, that
obligations of the Seller under Section 11.1 arising as a result of a breach
of the covenants contained in Section 10.3 shall survive until the expiration
of the applicable statute of limitations.

         11.5 Notice of Indemnity Claim. In the event that any claim ("Claim")
is hereafter asserted against or arises with respect to any Purchaser
Indemnitee or Seller Indemnitee (each, an "Indemnitee") as to which such
Indemnitee may be entitled to indemnification hereunder, the Indemnitee shall
notify the party from which indemnification is sought (the "Indemnifying
Party") in writing thereof (each, a "Claims Notice") within 60 days after (a)
receipt of written notice of commencement of any third party litigation
against or involving such Indemnitee (a "Third Party Claim"); or (b) receipt
by such Indemnitee of written notice of any Third Party Claim pursuant to an
invoice, notice of claim or assessment against such Indemnitee; provided, that
the failure to give the Claim Notice with respect to Third Party Claims within
such time period shall not affect the indemnification obligation of the
Indemnifying Party under this Agreement or otherwise except to the extent that
such failure or delay shall have materially affected the ability of the
Indemnifying Party to defend such Third Party Claim. The Claims Notice shall
describe the Claim and the specific facts and circumstances in reasonable
detail, and shall indicate the amount, if known, or an estimate, if possible,
of the losses that have been or may be incurred or suffered by the Indemnitee.

         The Indemnifying Party may elect to defend by the Indemnifying
Party's own counsel (which counsel shall be subject to the reasonable approval
of the Indemnitee) any Third Party Claim for money damages where the
cumulative total of all Claims (including such Claim) does not exceed the
limit set forth in the last sentence of Section 11.3 prior to the time the
Claim is made; provided, however, the Indemnifying Party may assume and
undertake the defense of such a Third Party Claim only upon written agreement
by the Indemnifying Party that the Indemnifying Party is obligated to
indemnify fully the Indemnitee. The Indemnitee may participate, at the
Indemnitee's own expense, in the defense of any Claim assumed by the
Indemnifying Party. Without the written approval of the Indemnitee, the
Indemnifying Party shall not agree to any compromise of a Claim defended by
the Indemnifying Party.

         If, within 10 days of the Indemnifying Party's receipt of a Claims
Notice, the Indemnifying Party shall not have provided the written agreement
described in the immediately preceding paragraph and elected to defend the
Third Party Claim, or if in the reasonable judgment of the Indemnitee the
Indemnifying Party fails to adequately defend the Third Party Claim, the
Indemnitee shall have the right to assume control of the defense and/or
compromise of such Claim, and the costs and expenses of such defense,
including reasonable attorneys' fees, shall be added to the Claim. The
Indemnifying Party shall promptly, and in any event within 10 days after
demand therefor, reimburse the Indemnitee for the costs of defending the
Claim, including attorneys' fees and expenses.

         The party assuming the defense of any Claim shall keep the other
party reasonably informed at all times of the progress and development of its
or their defense of and compromise efforts with respect to such Claim and
shall furnish the other party with copies of all relevant pleadings,
correspondence and other papers. In addition, the parties shall cooperate with
each other and make available to each other and their representatives all
available relevant records or other materials required by them for their use
in defending, compromising or contesting any Claim. The failure to timely
deliver a Claims Notice or otherwise notify the Indemnifying Party of the
commencement of such actions in accordance with this Section 11.5 shall not
relieve the Indemnifying Party from the obligation to indemnify hereunder
except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party establishes by competent
evidence that it has been prejudiced thereby.

         In the event both the Indemnitee and the Indemnifying Party are named
as defendants in an action or proceeding initiated by a third party, they
shall both be represented by the same counsel (on whom they shall agree),
unless such counsel, the Indemnitee, or the Indemnifying Party shall determine
that such counsel may have a conflict of interest in representing both the
Indemnitee and the Indemnifying Party in the same action or proceeding and the
Indemnitee and the Indemnifying Party do not waive such conflict to the
satisfaction of such counsel, in which case, the Indemnifying Party shall pay
attorneys' fees to the same extent as provided above for separate counsel for
the Indemnitee.

         11.6 Liability for Breaches of Representations and Warranties. The
representations and warranties of the parties contained in this Agreement and
in any certificate or other document or instrument delivered pursuant to this
Agreement, and the liability of the party making such representations and
warranties for breaches thereof, shall survive the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby until the later of the expiration of the
period set forth in Section 11.4, or the final resolution of all Claims filed
prior to such time, but only as to the representations and warranties relevant
to such Claims, provided that the representations and warranties shall survive
until expiration of the applicable statute of limitations with respect to any
Claim based in whole or in part on Fraud solely as to the portion of such
Claim found to be Fraud, provided further that the representations and
warranties set forth in Sections 4.1 through 4.3, and Sections 5.1 and 5.2,
and all covenants contained herein, shall survive until the later of
expiration of the applicable statute of limitations or the resolution of all
Claims to the extent the representations and warranties or covenants are
relevant to such Claims. The parties, in executing and delivering and
performing under this Agreement are relying solely on the representations,
warranties, agreements and covenants contained in this Agreement, or in any
writing or document delivered pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement,
and not upon any representation, warranty, agreement, promise or information,
written or oral, made by any Person other than as specifically set forth
herein or therein.

         11.7 Exclusivity of Remedies; Limitation of Liability. Except for
injunctive relief as provided in Section 12, from and after the Closing, the
sole remedy for any claim, suit or other legal proceeding by any Indemnitee
arising out of, resulting from or relating to any breach or inaccuracy of any
warranty or representation by a party to this Agreement, or the failure of a
party to perform under this Agreement in the manner required or contemplated
in this Agreement, shall be the indemnification provided for, and as limited
by, this Section 11. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereby
waives, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, any and all
other rights, claims and causes of action it may have, from and after the
Closing against the other, its Affiliates, and their officers, directors,
managers, members, employees, agents and representatives relating to the
subject matter of this Agreement. An Indemnitee may, but shall not be
obligated to, set off against any and all payments due an Indemnifying Party
any amount to which any Indemnitee is entitled to be indemnified under this
Section 11.

12.      OTHER POST-CLOSING COVENANTS

         12.1 Confidential Information. Each party shall cause all information
obtained from the other party in connection with the negotiation, execution
and performance of this Agreement (the "Confidential Information") to be
treated as confidential; provided that after the Closing Date, all information
about Starpower possessed by the Purchaser will not be deemed Confidential
Information with respect to the Purchaser and will be deemed Confidential
Information with respect to Seller and its Affiliates; provided, however, all
information Starpower or Purchaser or its Affiliates received from Seller or
its Affiliates on a confidential basis shall be treated as Confidential
Information. In addition, Seller shall treat as confidential all information,
knowledge or data related to the business of Starpower which are or were
treated as confidential information of Starpower's business (the "Starpower
Confidential Information"). Neither party shall use any Confidential
Information, and Seller shall not use any Starpower Confidential Information,
before the Closing in violation of any of its obligations under this Agreement
or after the Closing for any purpose other than the performance of its
obligations under, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated in,
this Agreement. Neither party shall disclose any Confidential Information, and
Seller shall not disclose any Starpower Confidential Information, before the
Closing in violation of any of its obligations under this Agreement or after
the Closing, to any third party, except as required by applicable law,
regulation or legal process, without the prior express written consent of the
other party. All or any part of the Confidential Information (or Starpower
Confidential Information with respect to Seller after the Closing) may be
disclosed only to a party's directors, officers and employees who agree to
keep the Confidential Information confidential and who need to know the
Confidential Information for the purpose of the party's performance of its
obligations under this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated in this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this Agreement, the term "Confidential Information" or "Starpower Confidential
Information" as used in this Agreement shall not include any information that
(a) at the time of disclosure or thereafter is generally available or publicly
known, (b) is available to a party from a source other than the other party or
Starpower, provided that such source is not bound by this or another
confidentiality agreement with respect to such information, or (c) has been
independently developed or acquired by the party receiving the information
without violating any of its obligations under this or any other
confidentiality agreement.

         12.2 Rights and Remedies Upon Breach. If either party or any of its
Affiliates breaches, or threatens to commit a breach of, any of the provisions
of Section 12.1, the other party shall have the right and remedy to have
Section 12.1 specifically enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction, it
being agreed that any breach or threatened breach of Section 12.1 would cause
irreparable injury and that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy
for the breach. Accordingly, in addition to any other rights or remedies, the
non-breaching party shall be entitled to injunctive relief to enforce the
terms of Section 12.1 and to restrain the breaching party or its Affiliate
from any violation thereof.

13.      GENERAL

         13.1 Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors or assigns. Neither
party to this Agreement may assign this Agreement or any of its rights or
obligations herein without the prior written consent of the other party;
provided, however, that either party may assign certain rights and obligations
under this Agreement to an Affiliate of the party provided the party and such
assignee become jointly and severally liable hereunder. Any assignment of this
Agreement shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement and shall not
relieve the assignor of its responsibilities under this Agreement.

         13.2 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

         13.3 Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
required or contemplated under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been
duly given if in writing and either delivered personally, sent by facsimile
transmission or by air courier service, or mailed by postage prepaid
registered or certified U.S. mail, return receipt requested, to the addresses
designated below or such other addresses as may be designated in writing by
notice given hereunder, and shall be effective upon personal delivery or
facsimile transmission thereof or upon delivery by registered or certified
U.S. mail or 1 business day following deposit with an air courier service:

        If to Seller:                       Pepco Communications, L.L.C.
                                            701 Ninth Street, NW
                                            Room 1002
                                            Washington, DC 20068-0001
                                            Attn:  Dennis R. Wraase, President
                                            Fax:  (202) 872-2472

        With a copy to (which shall not     Bruce H. Nielson
        constitute notice):                 Kirkpatrick & Lockhart LLP
                                            1800 Massachusetts Avenue, NW
                                            Washington, DC 20036
                                            Fax:  (202) 778-9100

        If to Purchaser:                    RCN Telecom Services of Washington,
                                              D.C., Inc.
                                            c/o RCN Corporation
                                            105 Carnegie Center
                                            Princeton, NJ 08540
                                            Attn:  General Counsel
                                            Fax:  (609) 734-3830

        With a copy to (which shall not     Howard L. Ellin
        constitute notice):                 Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom
                                              LLP
                                            4 Times Square
                                            New York, NY  10036
                                            Fax:  (212) 735-2000

         13.4 Applicable Law. Except as otherwise stated, this Agreement shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions.


         13.5 Payment of Fees and Expenses. Whether or not the transactions
contemplated in this Agreement are consummated, except as provided in Section
11.1, each party will pay its own fees, expenses and disbursements incurred in
connection with the preparation and execution of this Agreement and all other
costs and expenses incurred in the performance of and compliance with all
conditions to be performed under this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the expenses of any of its financial or legal advisors; for the
avoidance of doubt, this Section 13.5 shall not alter, modify, amend or revise
the terms of Section 3.2(f) of the Operating Agreement and any obligations
described therein.

         13.6 Captions. The captions in this Agreement are for convenience
only and shall not be considered a part hereof or affect the construction or
interpretation of any provisions of this Agreement.

         13.7 Number and Gender of Words. Whenever the singular number is used
in this Agreement, the same shall include the plural where appropriate, and
shall apply to all of such number, and to each of them, jointly and severally,
and words of any gender shall include each other gender where appropriate.

         13.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Indemnity, Guaranty and
Release Agreement, the Operating Agreement and the other documents and
agreements delivered pursuant to this Agreement or the Operating Agreement,
constitute the entire Agreement and understanding between Seller and Purchaser
regarding the subject matter of this Agreement and supersede any prior
agreement and understanding relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.

         13.9 Amendments and Waivers. The parties may mutually amend or waive
any provision of this Agreement at any time. No amendment or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same shall be in writing
and signed by the parties. No waiver by any party of any default,
misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder, whether
intentional or not, shall be deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent
default, misrepresentation or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder or
affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any such prior or subsequent
occurrence.

         13.10 Construction. The language in all parts of this Agreement must
be in all cases construed simply according to its fair meaning and not
strictly for or against any party. The word "including" or any variation
thereof means "including without limitation" and shall not be construed to
limit any general statement that it follows to the specific or similar items
or matters immediately following it.


                 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Membership
Interest Purchase Agreement by Persons thereunto duly authorized as of the
date first above written.



               SELLER:           PEPCO COMMUNICATIONS, L.L.C.

                                 By:  PEPCO COMMUNICATIONS, INC.


                                 By: /s/ Dennis R. Wraase
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Name:  Dennis R. Wraase
                                     Title: President


            PURCHASER:           RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF WASHINGTON, D.C., INC.



                                 By: /s/ Deborah M. Royster
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Name:  Deborah M. Royster
                                     Title: Senior Vice President,
                                            General Counsel and Corporate
                                            Secretary

<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT A

                                PCI GUARANTIES


1.       Guaranty of Lease, made as of August 26, 2000, by RCN Corporation and
         Potomac Capital Investment Corporation to Boston Properties Limited
         Partnership regarding Starpower's lease of 800 Corporate Court,
         Springfield, VA

2.       Guaranty, dated January 20, 1998, made by Potomac Capital Investment
         Corporation in favor of 300 4th Street Limited Partnership regarding
         Starpower's lease of 10000 Derekwood Lane, Lanham, MD

3.       Cross-Guaranty/Indemnity Agreement, dated as of November 30, 1999,
         made by and between RCN Corporation and Potomac Capital Investment
         Corporation

4.       Guarantee, dated as of December 18, 1997, by Potomac Capital
         Investment Corporation on behalf of Pepco Communications LLC in favor
         of Starpower

<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT B

                              RELEASED GUARANTIES


1.       Guaranty of Lease, made as of August 26, 2000, by RCN Corporation and
         Potomac Capital Investment Corporation to Boston Properties Limited
         Partnership regarding Starpower's lease of 800 Corporate Court,
         Springfield, VA

2.       Guaranty, dated January 20, 1998, made by Potomac Capital Investment
         Corporation in favor of 300 4th Street Limited Partnership regarding
         Starpower's lease of 10000 Derekwood Lane, Lanham, MD

3.       Cross-Guaranty/Indemnity Agreement, dated as of November 30, 1999,
         made by and between RCN Corporation and Potomac Capital Investment
         Corporation

<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT C

               FORM OF INDEMNITY, GUARANTY AND RELEASE AGREEMENT


         THIS INDEMNITY, GUARANTY AND RELEASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is
made as of this ____ day of December, 2004, by and between RCN Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ("RCN"), and Potomac Capital Investment Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ("PCI").

         WHEREAS, pursuant to the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement of
even date herewith (the "Purchase Agreement") by and between Pepco
Communications, L.L.C. ("Pepcom") and RCN Telecom Services of Washington,
D.C., Inc. ("RCN-Sub"), Pepcom is selling its 50% Membership Interest in
Starpower to RCN-Sub. All defined terms not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meaning ascribed to them in the Purchase Agreement;

         WHEREAS, RCN and PCI made that certain Guaranty of Lease (the "BPLP
Guaranty," a copy of which is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A), dated
as of August 26, 2000, to Boston Properties Limited Partnership ("BPLP") with
respect to the lease by and between BPLP and Starpower Communications, LLC
("Starpower");

         WHEREAS, PCI made that certain Guaranty (a copy of which is attached
to this Agreement as Exhibit B, and together with the BPLP Guaranty, the
"Lease Guaranties"), dated as of January 20, 1998, in favor of 300 4th Street
Limited Partnership ("300 4th Street LP," and, together with BPLP and their
respective successors and assigns, the "Guarantee Entities") with respect to
the Ground and Building Lease Agreement by and between Starpower and 300 4th
Street LP;

         WHEREAS, RCN and PCI entered into that certain
Cross-Guaranty/Indemnity Agreement, dated as of the 30th day of November 1999
(the "Cross Guaranty," a copy of which is attached to this Agreement as
Exhibit C, and together with the Lease Guaranties, the "Released
Guaranties,");

         WHEREAS, in order to satisfy the condition precedent set forth in
Section 8.1(e) of the Purchase Agreement (the "Condition"), RCN shall provide
PCI a written release from the Released Guaranties; provided however that PCI
shall cause Pepcom to waive such Condition with respect to the Lease
Guaranties upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement by RCN to PCI;
and

         WHEREAS, PCI shall guarantee the obligations of Pepcom under the
Purchase Agreement and RCN shall guarantee the obligations of RCN-Sub under
the Purchase Agreement.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual premises set forth
herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which the parties hereby acknowledge, and intending to be
legally bound by this Agreement, the parties hereby agree as follows:

         1. Indemnification with Respect to the Lease Guaranties. RCN shall
indemnify and hold harmless PCI and its Affiliates from and against any and
all costs, expenses, losses, damages and claims, including reasonable
attorneys' fees and disbursements, that PCI and/or its Affiliates may incur or
sustain at any time in fulfilling or performing PCI's obligations under any
Lease Guaranty in connection with or as a result or consequence of any actual
or alleged breach, failure to perform, or other default of any kind by
Starpower and/or any of its Affiliates after the Closing Date under either or
both of the leases that are described in the Lease Guaranties.

         2. Advancement of Expenses. RCN shall pay all reasonable costs and
expenses (including attorneys' fees), in accordance with Section 11.5 of the
Purchase Agreement, incurred by PCI and/or any of its Affiliates in defending
any action, suit or proceeding to enforce either or both of the Lease
Guaranties, except for costs and expenses that arise out of, or result from,
facts, events or circumstances occurring, or which accrue, on or before the
Closing Date.

         3. Replacing and Releasing the Lease Guaranties. RCN, with the
reasonable assistance of PCI, shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause, as soon as is practicable following
the Closing, the Guarantee Entities (a) to accept from RCN (and/or one or more
of its Affiliates) guaranties and/or other documents or instruments in lieu of
the Lease Guaranties and (b) upon such acceptance, to release PCI from the
Lease Guaranties.

         4. RCN Release of Cross Guaranty. RCN irrevocably releases PCI from
the Cross Guaranty and from any and all obligations PCI or any of its
Affiliates has or may have under the Cross Guaranty, except for claims that
arise out of, or result from, facts, events or circumstances occurring, or
which accrue, on or before the Closing Date.

         5. PCI Release of Cross Guaranty. PCI irrevocably releases RCN from
the Cross Guaranty and from any and all obligations RCN or any of its
Affiliates has or may have under the Cross Guaranty, except for claims that
arise out of, or result from, facts, events or circumstances occurring, or
which accrue, on or before the Closing Date.

         6. Guaranty of Pepcom by PCI. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) PCI
irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees the obligations of Pepcom under the
Purchase Agreement to and for the benefit of RCN and/or its Affiliates and
their respective successors and assigns and (b) RCN irrevocably and
unconditionally guarantees the obligations of RCN-Sub under the Purchase
Agreement to and for the benefit of PCI and/or its Affiliates and their
respective successors and assigns.

         7. Waiver of Condition. PCI hereby agrees that the execution and
delivery of this Agreement satisfies the Condition and agrees to cause Pepcom
to waive such Condition; provided that this Section 7 does not alter the
obligation of RCN and/or its Affiliates under Section 3 of this Agreement.

         8. Non-Exclusivity of Provisions. The provisions of this Agreement
shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which PCI and/or its
Affiliates and RCN and/or its Affiliates may be entitled at law, in equity, or
under any agreement.

         9. Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of the parties, their respective Affiliates and all of
their respective successors and assigns, including but not limited to any
party to which any of them sells all or substantially all its assets or with
which any of them merges.

         10. Amendment; Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing duly executed and delivered by both PCI and RCN. No
provision of or obligation under this Agreement may be waived except in
writing by PCI and RCN, except for Sections 1, 2, 3 and 4 which may only be
waived in writing by PCI and Section 5 which may only be waived in writing by
RCN.

         11. Notices. All notices, request, demands and other communications
required or contemplated under this Agreement shall be provided by each party
in accordance with Section 13.3 of the Purchase Agreement.

         12. Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement.

         13. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to
its conflict of laws provisions.

         14. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.



                 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, RCN and PCI have duly executed this Agreement as
of the date first above written.



                                    RCN CORPORATION



                                    By:
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Deborah M. Royster
                                       Title: Senior Vice President, General
                                                Counsel and Corporate Secretary


                                    POTOMAC CAPITAL INVESTMENT CORPORATION



                                    By:
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Leslie C. Zimberg
                                       Title: Senior Vice President and General
                                                Counsel

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ny955481.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1 - PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1


                                                             105 Carnegie Center
                                                             Princeton, NJ 08540


Contact:
Deborah Royster, RCN Sr. Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary, 609-734-3811


               RCN CORPORATION ANNOUNCES EMERGENCE FROM BANKRUPTCY
           ALSO COMPLETES ACQUISITION OF STARPOWER COMMUNICATIONS, LLC


PRINCETON, N.J., DECEMBER 22, 2004 - RCN Corporation (NASDAQ:RCNIV) announced
today that it had consummated its plan of reorganization and formally emerged
from Chapter 11. The plan, confirmed on December 8, 2004, by Judge Robert
Drain of the Bankruptcy Court in New York, converted approximately $1.2
billion in unsecured obligations into 100% of RCN's new equity, and eliminated
approximately $1.8 billion in preferred share obligations.

RCN's emergence financing was comprised principally of borrowings under a new
senior secured financing facility syndicated by Deutsche Bank AG Cayman
Islands Branch in the amount of $330 million. In addition, RCN issued $125
million of convertible second-lien notes to certain investors and holders of
the company's pre-petition bond obligations. The proceeds from the Deutsche
Bank facility and the convertible second-lien notes were primarily utilized to
pay in full secured indebtedness held by a syndicate of lenders led by
JPMorgan Chase Bank.

RCN also announced today that it had completed the acquisition of PEPCO's 50%
stake in the StarPower Communications, LLC joint venture, enabling RCN to take
full ownership of the Washington, D.C. market for bundled telephone, cable
television and high-speed Internet services.

ABOUT RCN CORPORATION
RCN Corporation is the nation's first and largest facilities-based competitive
provider of bundled phone, cable and high speed internet services delivered
over its own fiber-optic local network to consumers in the most densely
populated markets in the U.S. RCN provides service in the Boston, New York,
Eastern Pennsylvania, Washington, D.C., Chicago, San Francisco and Los Angeles
metropolitan markets.

WHERE THE READER CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION
RCN, as a reporting company, is subject to the informational requirements of
the Exchange Act and accordingly files its annual report on Form 10-K, which
was filed on March 30, 2004, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports
on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Materials
filed with the SEC may be read and copied at the SEC's Public Reference Room
at 450 Fifth Street, NW, Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at (800)
SEC-0330 for further information on the Public Reference Room. As an
electronic filer, RCN's public filings are maintained on the SEC's Internet
site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other

<PAGE>

information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The
address of that website is http://www.sec.gov. In addition, RCN's annual
report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form
8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act may be accessed free of charge through our
website as soon as reasonably practical after RCN has electronically filed
such material with, or furnished it to, the SEC. Since September 30, 2003, all
reports pursuant to the Exchange Act that RCN has filed with, or furnished to,
the SEC have been timely posted on our website. The address of that website is
www.rcn.com/investor/secfilings.php.

RCN FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This press release contains forward-looking statements regarding future events
and future performance of RCN that involve risks and uncertainties that could
materially affect actual results. This information is qualified in its
entirety by cautionary statements and risk factors disclosure contained in
certain of RCN's Securities and Exchange Commission filings. For a description
of certain factors that could cause actual results to vary from current
expectations and forward-looking statements contained in this press release,
refer to documents that RCN files from time to time with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.

                                       2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>firstliencreditagmt.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2 - FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGMT
<TEXT>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 99.2


                            [LOGO OF RCN CORPORATION]

                           FIRST-LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT

                                      among

                                RCN CORPORATION,

                                 VARIOUS LENDERS

                                       and

                     DEUTSCHE BANK AG CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH,

                             as ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT

                          -----------------------------

                          Dated as of December 21, 2004

                          -----------------------------

                         DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.,
                  as SOLE LEAD ARRANGER and SOLE BOOK MANAGER,

                                       and

   DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., as Syndication Agent and Documentation Agent

                             [LOGO OF DEUTSCHE BANK]

<PAGE>

                FIRST-LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of December 21, 2004,
among RCN CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "Borrower"), the Lenders
party hereto from time to time, and DEUTSCHE BANK AG CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH, as
Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the "Administrative Agent"). All
capitalized terms used herein and defined in Section 11 are used herein as
therein defined.

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

                WHEREAS, subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth
herein, the Lenders are willing to make available to the Borrower the respective
credit facilities provided for herein;

                NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

                SECTION 1. Amount and Terms of Credit.

                1.01    The Commitments. Subject to and upon the terms and
conditions set forth herein, each Lender with a Term Loan Commitment severally
agrees to make a term loan or term loans (each a "Term Loan" and, collectively,
the "Term Loans") to the Borrower in an amount equal to such Lender's Term Loan
Percentage, which Term Loans (i) shall be incurred pursuant to a single drawing
on the Initial Borrowing Date, (ii) shall be denominated in Dollars, (iii)
except as hereinafter provided, shall, at the option of the Borrower, be
incurred and maintained as, and/or converted into, Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar
Loans, provided that (A) except as otherwise specifically provided in Section
1.10(b), all Term Loans comprising the same Borrowing shall at all times be of
the same Type, and (B) unless either the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees
in its sole discretion or has determined that the Syndication Date has occurred
(at which time this clause (B) shall no longer be applicable), prior to the 90th
day following the Initial Borrowing Date, Term Loans may only be incurred and
maintained as, and/or converted into, Eurodollar Loans so long as all such
outstanding Eurodollar Loans are subject to an Interest Period of one month
which begins and ends on the same day with the first such Interest Period to
begin no sooner than three Business Days after the Initial Borrowing Date, and
(iv) shall be made by each such Lender in that aggregate principal amount which
does not exceed the Term Loan Commitment of such Lender on the Initial Borrowing
Date. Once repaid, Term Loans incurred hereunder may not be reborrowed.

                1.02    Minimum Amount of Borrowing. The aggregate principal
amount of each Borrowing of Term Loans shall not be less than the Minimum
Borrowing Amount. More than one Borrowing may occur on the same date, but at no
time shall there be outstanding more than ten Borrowings of Eurodollar Loans.

                1.03    Notice of Borrowing. (a) Whenever the Borrower desires
to incur (x) Eurodollar Loans hereunder, it shall give the Administrative Agent
at the Notice Office at least three Business Days' prior notice of each
Eurodollar Loan to be incurred hereunder and (y) Base Rate Loans hereunder, it
shall give the Administrative Agent at the Notice Office at least one Business
Day's prior notice of each Base Rate Loan to be incurred hereunder, provided
that (in each case) any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on a
certain day only if given before 12:00 Noon (New York time) on such day. Each
such notice (each a "Notice of Borrowing"),

<PAGE>

except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 1.10, shall be irrevocable and
shall be in writing, or by telephone promptly confirmed in writing, in the form
of Exhibit A-1, appropriately completed to specify: (i) the aggregate principal
amount of the Term Loans to be incurred pursuant to such Borrowing, (ii) the
date of such Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), and (iii) whether the
Term Loans being incurred pursuant to such Borrowing are to be initially
maintained as Base Rate Loans or, to the extent permitted hereunder, Eurodollar
Loans and, if Eurodollar Loans, the initial Interest Period to be applicable
thereto. The Administrative Agent shall promptly give each Lender which is
required to make Term Loans notice of such proposed Borrowing, of such Lender's
proportionate share thereof and of the other matters required by the immediately
preceding sentence to be specified in the Notice of Borrowing.

                (b)     Without in any way limiting the obligation of the
Borrower to confirm in writing any telephonic notice of any Borrowing or
prepayment of Term Loans, the Administrative Agent may act without liability
upon the basis of telephonic notice of such Borrowing or prepayment, as the case
may be, believed by the Administrative Agent in good faith to be from an
Authorized Representative of the Borrower. In each such case, the Borrower
hereby waives the right to dispute the Administrative Agent's record of the
terms of such telephonic notice of such Borrowing or prepayment of Term Loans,
as the case may be, absent manifest error.

                1.04    Disbursement of Funds. On the Initial Borrowing Date,
each Lender with a Term Loan Commitment will make available its pro rata portion
(determined in accordance with Section 1.07) of the Total Term Loan Commitment.
All such amounts will be made available in Dollars and in immediately available
funds at the Payment Office, and the Administrative Agent will make available to
the Borrower at the Payment Office the aggregate of the amounts so made
available by the Lenders. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been
notified by any Lender prior to the Initial Borrowing Date that such Lender does
not intend to make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender's portion
of any Borrowing to be made on the Initial Borrowing Date, the Administrative
Agent may assume that such Lender has made such amount available to the
Administrative Agent on the Initial Borrowing Date and the Administrative Agent
may (but shall not be obligated to), in reliance upon such assumption, make
available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. If such corresponding amount
is not in fact made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender, the
Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on
demand from such Lender. If such Lender does not pay such corresponding amount
forthwith upon the Administrative Agent's demand therefor, the Administrative
Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Borrower shall immediately pay
such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent
also shall be entitled to recover on demand from such Lender or the Borrower, as
the case may be, interest on such corresponding amount in respect of each day
from the date such corresponding amount was made available by the Administrative
Agent to the Borrower until the date such corresponding amount is recovered by
the Administrative Agent, at a rate per annum equal to (i) if recovered from
such Lender, the overnight Federal Funds Rate for the first three days and at
the interest rate otherwise applicable to such Term Loans for each day
thereafter and (ii) if recovered from the Borrower, the rate of interest
applicable to the respective Borrowing, as determined pursuant to Section 1.08.
Nothing in this Section 1.04 shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its
obligation to make Term Loans hereunder or to prejudice any rights which the

                                       -2-
<PAGE>

Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any failure by such Lender
to make Term Loans hereunder.

                1.05    Term Notes. (a) The Borrower's obligation to pay the
principal of, and interest on, the Term Loans made by each Lender shall be
evidenced in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to
Section 13.15 and shall, if requested by such Lender, also be evidenced by a
promissory note duly executed and delivered by the Borrower substantially in the
form of Exhibit B, with blanks appropriately completed in conformity herewith
(each a "Term Note" and, collectively, the "Term Notes").

                (b)     The Term Note issued to each Lender that has a Term Loan
Commitment or outstanding Term Loans shall (i) be executed by the Borrower, (ii)
be payable to such Lender or its registered assigns and be dated the Initial
Borrowing Date (or, if issued after the Initial Borrowing Date, be dated the
date of issuance thereof), (iii) be in a stated principal amount equal to the
Term Loans made by such Lender on the Initial Borrowing Date (or, if issued
after the Initial Borrowing Date, be in a stated principal amount equal to the
outstanding Term Loans of such Lender at such time) and be payable in the
outstanding principal amount of Term Loans evidenced thereby, (iv) mature on the
Final Maturity Date, (v) bear interest as provided in the appropriate clause of
Section 1.08 in respect of the Base Rate Loans and Eurodollar Loans, as the case
may be, evidenced thereby, (vi) be subject to voluntary prepayment as provided
in Section 4.01, and mandatory repayment as provided in Section 4.02, and (vii)
be entitled to the benefits of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents.

                (c)     Each Lender will note on its internal records the amount
of each Term Loan made by it and each payment in respect thereof and prior to
any transfer of any of its Term Notes will endorse on the reverse side thereof
the outstanding principal amount of Term Loans evidenced thereby. Failure to
make any such notation or any error in such notation shall not affect the
Borrower's obligations in respect of such Term Loans.

                (d)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above
in this Section 1.05 or elsewhere in this Agreement, Term Notes shall only be
delivered to Lenders which at any time specifically request the delivery of such
Term Notes. No failure of any Lender to request or obtain a Term Note evidencing
its Term Loans to the Borrower shall affect or in any manner impair the
obligations of the Borrower to pay the Term Loans (and all related Obligations)
incurred by the Borrower which would otherwise be evidenced thereby in
accordance with the requirements of this Agreement, and shall not in any way
affect the security or guaranties therefor provided pursuant to the various
Credit Documents. Any Lender which does not have a Term Note evidencing its
outstanding Term Loans shall in no event be required to make the notations
otherwise described in preceding clause (e). At any time when any Lender
requests the delivery of a Term Note to evidence any of its Term Loans, the
Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to the respective Lender the
requested Term Note in the appropriate amount or amounts to evidence such Term
Loans.

                1.06    Conversions. The Borrower shall have the option to
convert, on any Business Day, all or a portion equal to at least the Minimum
Borrowing Amount of the outstanding principal amount of Term Loans into a
Borrowing of another Type of Term Loan, provided that, (i) except as otherwise
provided in Section 1.10(b), Eurodollar Loans may be converted into

                                       -3-
<PAGE>

Base Rate Loans only on the last day of an Interest Period applicable to the
Term Loans being converted and no such partial conversion of Eurodollar Loans
shall reduce the outstanding principal amount of such Eurodollar Loans made
pursuant to a single Borrowing to less than the Minimum Borrowing Amount
applicable thereto, (ii) unless the Required Lenders otherwise agree, Base Rate
Loans may only be converted into Eurodollar Loans if no Default or Event of
Default is in existence on the date of the conversion, (iii) unless the
Administrative Agent otherwise agrees in its sole discretion or has determined
that the Syndication Date has occurred (at which time this clause (iii) shall no
longer be applicable), prior to the 90th day following the Initial Borrowing
Date, conversions of Base Rate Loans into Eurodollar Loans shall be subject to
the provisions of clause (B) of the proviso in Section 1.01(iii), and (iv) no
conversion pursuant to this Section 1.06 shall result in a greater number of
Borrowings of Eurodollar Loans than is permitted under Section 1.02. Each such
conversion shall be effected by the Borrower by giving the Administrative Agent
at the Notice Office prior to 12:00 Noon (New York time) at least three Business
Days' prior notice (each a "Notice of Conversion/Continuation") in the form of
Exhibit A-2, appropriately completed to specify the Term Loans to be so
converted, the Borrowing or Borrowings pursuant to which such Term Loans were
incurred and, if to be converted into Eurodollar Loans, the Interest Period to
be initially applicable thereto. The Administrative Agent shall give each Lender
prompt notice of any such proposed conversion affecting any of its Term Loans.
Upon any such conversion the proceeds thereof will be deemed to be applied
directly on the day of such conversion to prepay the outstanding principal
amount of the Term Loans being converted.

                1.07    Pro Rata Borrowings. All Borrowings of Term Loans under
this Agreement shall be incurred from the Lenders pro rata on the basis of their
Term Loan Commitments. It is understood that no Lender shall be responsible for
any default by any other Lender of its obligation to make Term Loans hereunder
and that each Lender shall be obligated to make the Term Loans provided to be
made by it hereunder, regardless of the failure of any other Lender to make its
Term Loans hereunder.

                1.08    Interest. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay interest in
respect of the unpaid principal amount of each Base Rate Loan from the date of
Borrowing thereof until the earlier of (i) the maturity thereof (whether by
acceleration or otherwise) and (ii) the conversion of such Base Rate Loan to a
Eurodollar Loan pursuant to Section 1.06 or 1.09, as applicable, at a rate per
annum which shall be equal to the sum of the Applicable Margin plus the Base
Rate each as in effect from time to time.

                (b)     The Borrower agrees to pay interest in respect of the
unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Loan from the date of Borrowing
thereof until the earlier of (i) the maturity thereof (whether by acceleration
or otherwise) and (ii) the conversion of such Eurodollar Loan to a Base Rate
Loan pursuant to Section 1.06, 1.09 or 1.10, as applicable, at a rate per annum
which shall, during each Interest Period applicable thereto, be equal to the sum
of the Applicable Margin as in effect from time to time during such Interest
Period plus the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period.

                (c)     Overdue principal and, to the extent permitted by law,
overdue interest in respect of each Term Loan shall, in each case, bear interest
at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (x) the rate which is 2% in excess
of the rate then borne by such Term Loans and (y)

                                       -4-
<PAGE>

the rate which is 2% in excess of the rate otherwise applicable to Term Loans
that are maintained at Base Rate Loans from time to time, and all other overdue
amounts payable hereunder and under any other Credit Document shall bear
interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate which is 2% in excess of the rate
otherwise applicable to Term Loans that are maintained as Base Rate Loans from
time to time. Interest that accrues under this Section 1.08(c) shall be payable
on demand.

                (d)     Accrued (and theretofore unpaid) interest shall be
payable (i) in respect of each Base Rate Loan, (x) quarterly in arrears on each
Quarterly Payment Date, (y) on the date of any repayment or prepayment in full
of all outstanding Base Rate Loans, and (z) at maturity (whether by acceleration
or otherwise) and, after such maturity, on demand, and (ii) in respect of each
Eurodollar Loan, (x) on the last day of each Interest Period applicable thereto
and, in the case of an Interest Period in excess of three months, on each date
occurring at three month intervals after the first day of such Interest Period,
and (y) on the date of any repayment or prepayment (on the amount repaid or
prepaid), at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) and, after such
maturity, on demand.

                (e)     Upon each Interest Determination Date, the
Administrative Agent shall determine the Eurodollar Rate for each Interest
Period applicable to the respective Eurodollar Loans and shall promptly notify
the Borrower and the Lenders thereof. Each such determination shall, absent
manifest error, be final and conclusive and binding on all parties hereto.

                1.09    Interest Periods for Eurodollar Loans. At the time the
Borrower gives any Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation in
respect of the making of, or conversion into, any Eurodollar Loan (in the case
of the initial Interest Period applicable thereto) or prior to 12:00 Noon (New
York time) on the third Business Day prior to the expiration of an Interest
Period applicable to such Eurodollar Loan (in the case of any subsequent
Interest Period), the Borrower shall have the right to elect the interest period
(each an "Interest Period") applicable to such Eurodollar Loan, which Interest
Period shall, at the option of the Borrower (but otherwise subject to the
provisions of clause (B) of the proviso in Section 1.01(iii), be a one, two,
three or six month period or, to the extent agreed by all Lenders with Term
Loans, a nine or twelve month period, provided that (in each case):

                (i)     all Eurodollar Loans comprising a Borrowing shall at all
        times have the same Interest Period;

                (ii)    the initial Interest Period for any Eurodollar Loan
        shall commence on the date of Borrowing of such Eurodollar Loan
        (including the date of any conversion thereto from a Base Rate Loan) and
        each Interest Period occurring thereafter in respect of such Eurodollar
        Loan shall commence on the day on which the next preceding Interest
        Period applicable thereto expires;

                (iii)   if any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Loan begins on a
        day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar
        month at the end of such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end
        on the last Business Day of such calendar month;

                                       -5-
<PAGE>

                (iv)    if any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Loan would
        otherwise expire on a day which is not a Business Day, such Interest
        Period shall expire on the next succeeding Business Day; provided,
        however, that if any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Loan would
        otherwise expire on a day which is not a Business Day but is a day of
        the month after which no further Business Day occurs in such month, such
        Interest Period shall expire on the next preceding Business Day;

                (v)     unless the Required Lenders otherwise agree, no Interest
        Period may be selected at any time when a Default or an Event of Default
        is then in existence;

                (vi)    no Interest Period shall be selected which extends
        beyond the Final Maturity Date; and

                (vii)   no Interest Period in respect of any Borrowing of Term
        Loans shall be selected which extends beyond any date upon which a
        mandatory repayment of such Term Loans will be required to be made under
        Section 4.02(b) if the aggregate principal amount of such Term Loans
        which have Interest Periods which will expire after such date will be in
        excess of the aggregate principal amount of such Term Loans then
        outstanding less the aggregate amount of such required repayment.

                If by 12:00 Noon (New York time) on the third Business Day prior
to the expiration of any Interest Period applicable to a Borrowing of Eurodollar
Loans, the Borrower has failed to elect, or is not permitted to elect, a new
Interest Period to be applicable to such Eurodollar Loans as provided above, the
Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to convert such Eurodollar Loans into
Base Rate Loans effective as of the expiration date of such current Interest
Period.

                1.10    Increased Costs, Illegality, etc. (a) In the event that
any Lender shall have determined (which determination shall, absent manifest
error, be final and conclusive and binding upon all parties hereto but, with
respect to clause (i) below, may be made only by the Administrative Agent):

                (i)     on any Interest Determination Date that, by reason of
        any changes arising after the date of this Agreement affecting the
        interbank Eurodollar market, adequate and fair means do not exist for
        ascertaining the applicable interest rate on the basis provided for in
        the definition of Eurodollar Rate; or

                (ii)    at any time, that such Lender shall incur increased
        costs or reductions in the amounts received or receivable hereunder with
        respect to any Eurodollar Loan because of (x) any change since the
        Effective Date in any applicable law or governmental rule, regulation,
        order, guideline or request (whether or not having the force of law) or
        in the interpretation or administration thereof and including the
        introduction of any new law or governmental rule, regulation, order,
        guideline or request, such as, but not limited to: (A) a change in the
        basis of taxation of payment to any Lender of the principal of or
        interest on the Term Loans or the Term Notes or any other amounts
        payable hereunder (except for changes in the rate of tax on, or
        determined by reference to, the net income or net profits or capital or
        franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof of such Lender or, in the

                                       -6-
<PAGE>

        case of a Lender that is a flow-through entity for tax purposes, a
        member or a partner of such Lender, pursuant to the laws of the country
        or national jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) in which
        it is organized or in which its principal office or applicable lending
        office is located) (the preceding sentence shall not apply to increased
        costs with respect to Taxes which are addressed in Section 4.04) or (B)
        a change in official reserve requirements, but, in all events, excluding
        reserves required under Regulation D to the extent included in the
        computation of the Eurodollar Rate and/or (y) other circumstances
        arising since the Effective Date affecting such Lender, the interbank
        Eurodollar market or the position of such Lender in such market; or

                (iii)   at any time, that the making or continuance of any
        Eurodollar Loan has been made (x) unlawful by any law or governmental
        rule, regulation or order, (y) impossible by compliance by any Lender in
        good faith with any governmental request (whether or not having force of
        law) or (z) impracticable as a result of a contingency occurring after
        the Effective Date which materially and adversely affects the interbank
        Eurodollar market;

then, and in any such event, such Lender (or the Administrative Agent, in the
case of clause (i) above) shall promptly give notice (by telephone promptly
confirmed in writing) to the Borrower and, except in the case of clause (i)
above, to the Administrative Agent of such determination (which notice the
Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to each of the other Lenders).
Thereafter (x) in the case of clause (i) above, Eurodollar Loans shall no longer
be available until such time as the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower
and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice by the
Administrative Agent no longer exist, and any Notice of Borrowing or Notice of
Conversion/Continuation given by the Borrower with respect to Eurodollar Loans
which have not yet been incurred (including by way of conversion) shall be
deemed rescinded by the Borrower, (y) in the case of clause (ii) above, but
subject to Section 13.17, the Borrower agrees to pay to such Lender, upon such
Lender's written request therefor, such additional amounts (in the form of an
increased rate of, or a different method of calculating, interest or otherwise
as such Lender in its sole discretion shall determine) as shall be required to
compensate such Lender for such increased costs or reductions in amounts
received or receivable hereunder (a written notice as to the additional amounts
owed to such Lender, showing in reasonable detail the basis for and the
calculation thereof, submitted to the Borrower by such Lender shall, absent
manifest error, be final and conclusive and binding on all the parties hereto)
and (z) in the case of clause (iii) above, the Borrower shall take one of the
actions specified in Section 1.10(b) as promptly as possible and, in any event,
within the time period required by law.

                (b)     At any time that any Eurodollar Loan is affected by the
circumstances described in Section 1.10(a)(ii), the Borrower may, and in the
case of a Eurodollar Loan affected by the circumstances described in Section
1.10(a)(iii), the Borrower shall, either (x) if the affected Eurodollar Loan is
then being made initially or pursuant to a conversion, cancel such Borrowing by
giving the Administrative Agent telephonic notice (confirmed in writing) on the
same date that the Borrower was notified by the affected Lender or the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.10(a)(ii) or (iii) or (y) if the
affected Eurodollar Loan is then outstanding, upon at least three Business Days'
written notice to the Administrative Agent, require the affected Lender to
convert such Eurodollar Loan into a Base Rate Loan, provided that, if more

                                       -7-
<PAGE>

than one Lender is affected at any time, then all affected Lenders must be
treated the same pursuant to this Section 1.10(b).

                (c)     If any Lender determines that after the Effective Date
the introduction of or any change in any applicable law or governmental rule,
regulation, order, guideline, directive or request (whether or not having the
force of law) concerning capital adequacy, or any change in interpretation or
administration thereof by the NAIC or any governmental authority, central bank
or comparable agency, will have the effect of increasing the amount of capital
required or expected to be maintained by such Lender or any corporation
controlling such Lender based on the existence of such Lender's Commitments
hereunder or its obligations hereunder, then the Borrower agrees to pay to such
Lender, upon its written demand therefor, but subject to the provisions of
Section 13.17 (to the extent applicable), such additional amounts as shall be
required to compensate such Lender or such other corporation for the increased
cost to such Lender or such other corporation or the reduction in the rate of
return to such Lender or such other corporation as a result of such increase of
capital. In determining such additional amounts, each Lender will act reasonably
and in good faith and will use averaging and attribution methods which are
reasonable, provided that such Lender's determination of compensation owing
under this Section 1.10(c) shall, absent manifest error, be final and conclusive
and binding on all the parties hereto. Each Lender, upon determining that any
additional amounts will be payable pursuant to this Section 1.10(c), will give
prompt written notice thereof to the Borrower, which notice shall show in
reasonable detail the basis for calculation of such additional amounts.

                1.11    Compensation. Subject to Section 13.17, the Borrower
agrees to compensate each Lender, upon its written request (which request shall
set forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such compensation), for
all losses, expenses and liabilities (including, without limitation, any loss,
expense or liability incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of
deposits or other funds required by such Lender to fund its Eurodollar Loans but
excluding loss of anticipated profits) which such Lender may sustain: (i) if for
any reason (other than a default by such Lender or the Administrative Agent) a
Borrowing of, or conversion from or into, Eurodollar Loans does not occur on a
date specified therefor in a Notice of Borrowing or Notice of
Conversion/Continuation (whether or not withdrawn by the Borrower or deemed
withdrawn pursuant to Section 1.10(a)); (ii) if any prepayment or repayment
(including any prepayment or repayment made pursuant to Section 4.01, Section
4.02 or as a result of an acceleration of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 10)
or conversion of any of its Eurodollar Loans occurs on a date which is not the
last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto; (iii) if any prepayment of
any of its Eurodollar Loans is not made on any date specified in a notice of
prepayment given by the Borrower; or (iv) as a consequence of (x) any other
default by the Borrower to repay Eurodollar Loans when required by the terms of
this Agreement or any Term Note held by such Lender or (y) any election made
pursuant to Section 1.10(b).

                1.12    Change of Lending Office. Each Lender agrees that on the
occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 1.10(a)(ii) or
(iii), Section 1.10(c), Section 2.06 or Section 4.04 with respect to such
Lender, it will, if requested by the Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject
to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate another lending
office for any Term Loans or Letters of Credit affected by such event with the
object of avoiding the consequence of the event giving rise to the operation of
such Section, provided that such designation is made on such terms that such
Lender and its lending office suffer no economic,

                                       -8-
<PAGE>

legal or regulatory disadvantage. Nothing in this Section 1.12 shall affect or
postpone any of the obligations of the Borrower or the right of any Lender
provided in Sections 1.10, 2.06 and 4.04.

                1.13    Replacement of Lenders. (x) If any Lender becomes a
Defaulting Lender or otherwise defaults in its obligations to make Term Loans,
(y) upon the occurrence of an event giving rise to the operation of Section
1.10(a)(ii) or (iii), Section 1.10(c), Section 2.06 or Section 4.04 with respect
to any Lender which results in such Lender charging to the Borrower increased
costs or requires the Borrower to pay any amounts under Section 4.04, in each
case in excess of those being generally charged by the other Lenders or (z) in
the case of a refusal by a Lender to consent to certain proposed changes,
waivers, discharges or terminations with respect to this Agreement which have
been approved by the Required Lenders as (and to the extent) provided in Section
13.12(b), the Borrower shall have the right, if no Default or Event of Default
then exists (or, in the case of preceding clause (z), will exist immediately
after giving effect to such replacement), to replace such Lender (the "Replaced
Lender") with one or more other Eligible Transferees, none of whom shall
constitute a Defaulting Lender at the time of such replacement (collectively,
the "Replacement Lender") and each of whom shall be required to be reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent (or, at the option of the Borrower, if
the circumstances described above in this Section 1.13, or the consents required
of the respective Lender as described above, relate to only a single Tranche
hereunder, to replace only the Commitments and related outstandings and/or
participations of the respective Tranche of the Replaced Lender with a
Replacement Lender as described herein), provided that (i) at the time of any
replacement pursuant to this Section 1.13, the Replacement Lender shall enter
into one or more Assignment and Assumption Agreements pursuant to Section
13.04(b) (and with all fees payable pursuant to said Section 13.04(b) to be paid
by the Replacement Lender and/or the Replaced Lender (as may be agreed to at
such time by and among the Borrower, the Replacement Lender and the Replaced
Lender)) pursuant to which the Replacement Lender shall acquire all of the
Commitments and outstanding Term Loans of, and in each case participations in
Letters of Credit by, the Replaced Lender (or all of the foregoing relating to
the Tranche of the Replaced Lender being replaced, in the event that the
replacement is not in respect of all Tranches) and, in connection therewith,
shall pay to (x) the Replaced Lender in respect thereof an amount equal to the
sum of (I) an amount equal to the principal of, and all accrued interest on, all
outstanding Term Loans of the Replaced Lender (unless the Replaced Lender is not
being replaced with respect to such Tranche), (II) an amount equal to all Unpaid
Drawings that have been funded by (and not reimbursed to) such Replaced Lender,
together with all then unpaid interest with respect thereto at such time (unless
the Replaced Lender is not being replaced with respect to such Tranche) and
(III) an amount equal to all accrued, but theretofore unpaid, Fees owing to the
Replaced Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 (except to the extent that such Fees
relate to a Tranche with respect to which the Replaced Lender is not being
replaced) and (y) unless the Replaced Lender is not being replaced with respect
the L/C Commitment, each Issuing Lender an amount equal to such Replaced
Lender's L/C Percentage of any Unpaid Drawing (which at such time remains an
Unpaid Drawing) to the extent such amount was not theretofore funded by such
Replaced Lender to such Issuing Lender and (ii) all obligations of the Borrower
due and owing to the Replaced Lender at such time (other than (x) those
specifically described in clause (i) above in respect of which the assignment
purchase price has been, or is concurrently being, paid and (y) those relating
to a Tranche where the respective Replaced Lender is not being replaced) shall
be paid in full to such Replaced Lender concurrently with such replacement. Upon
the execution of the respective Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the payment
of amounts referred to in

                                       -9-
<PAGE>

clauses (i) and (ii) above and, if so requested by the Replacement Lender (if it
is acquiring Term Loans or any Term Loan Commitment pursuant to the respective
replacement), delivery to the Replacement Lender of the appropriate Term Note or
Term Notes executed by the Borrower, the Replacement Lender shall become a
Lender hereunder and the Replaced Lender shall cease to constitute a Lender
hereunder (with respect to any Tranche or Tranches with respect to which it is
being replaced), except with respect to indemnification provisions under this
Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections 1.10, 1.11, 2.06, 4.04, 12.06
and 13.01), which shall survive as to such Replaced Lender.

                SECTION 2. Letters of Credit.

                2.01    Letters of Credit. (a) Subject to and upon the terms and
conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request that an Issuing Lender
issue, at any time and from time to time on and after the Initial Borrowing Date
and prior to the 60th day prior to the Final Maturity Date, for the account of
the Borrower and for the benefit of (x) any holder (or any trustee, agent or
other similar representative for any such holders) of L/C Supportable
Obligations, an irrevocable standby letter of credit, in a form customarily used
by such Issuing Lender or in such other form as is reasonably acceptable to such
Issuing Lender, and (y) sellers of goods to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, an irrevocable trade letter of credit, in a form customarily used
by such Issuing Lender or in such other form as has been approved by such
Issuing Lender (each such letter of credit, a "Letter of Credit" and,
collectively, the "Letters of Credit"). All Letters of Credit shall be
denominated in Dollars and shall be issued on a sight basis only.

                (b)     Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth
herein, each Issuing Lender agrees that it will, at any time and from time to
time on and after the Initial Borrowing Date and prior to the 60th day prior to
the Final Maturity Date, following its receipt of the respective Letter of
Credit Request, issue for account of the Borrower, one or more Letters of Credit
as are permitted to remain outstanding hereunder without giving rise to a
Default or an Event of Default, provided that no Issuing Lender shall be under
any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit of the types described above if at
the time of such issuance:

                (i)     any order, judgment or decree of any governmental
        authority or arbitrator shall purport by its terms to enjoin or restrain
        such Issuing Lender from issuing such Letter of Credit or any
        requirement of law applicable to such Issuing Lender or any request or
        directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any governmental
        authority with jurisdiction over such Issuing Lender shall prohibit, or
        request that such Issuing Lender refrain from, the issuance of letters
        of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall
        impose upon such Issuing Lender with respect to such Letter of Credit
        any restriction or reserve or capital requirement (for which such
        Issuing Lender is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect
        with respect to such Issuing Lender on the date hereof, or any
        unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable or in effect
        with respect to such Issuing Lender as of the date hereof and which such
        Issuing Lender reasonably and in good faith deems material to it; or

                (ii)    such Issuing Lender shall have received from the
        Borrower, any other Credit Party or the Required Lenders prior to the
        issuance of such Letter of Credit notice of the type described in the
        second sentence of Section 2.03(b).

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

                2.02    Maximum Letter of Credit Outstandings; Final Maturities.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, (i) no
Letter of Credit shall be issued the Stated Amount of which, when added to the
Letter of Credit Outstandings (exclusive of Unpaid Drawings which are repaid on
the date of, and prior to the issuance of, the respective Letter of Credit) at
such time would exceed the Total L/C Commitment at such time, and (ii) each
Letter of Credit shall by its terms terminate (x) in the case of standby Letters
of Credit, on or before the earlier of (A) the date which occurs 12 months after
the date of the issuance thereof (although any such standby Letter of Credit
shall be extendible for successive periods of up to 12 months, but, in each
case, not beyond the tenth Business Day prior to the Final Maturity Date, on
terms acceptable to the respective Issuing Lender) and (B) ten Business Days
prior to the Final Maturity Date, and (y) in the case of trade Letters of
Credit, on or before the earlier of (A) the date which occurs 180 days after the
date of issuance thereof and (B) 30 days prior to the Final Maturity Date.

                2.03    Letter of Credit Requests; Minimum Stated Amount. (a)
Whenever the Borrower desires that a Letter of Credit be issued for its account,
the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent and the respective Issuing
Lender at least five Business Days' (or such shorter period as is acceptable to
such Issuing Lender) written notice thereof (including by way of facsimile).
Each notice shall be in the form of Exhibit C, appropriately completed (each a
"Letter of Credit Request").

                (b)     The making of each Letter of Credit Request shall be
deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower to the Lenders that
such Letter of Credit may be issued in accordance with, and will not violate the
requirements of, Section 2.02. Unless the respective Issuing Lender has received
notice from the Borrower, any other Credit Party or the Required Lenders before
it issues a Letter of Credit that one or more of the conditions specified in
Section 5 or 6 are not then satisfied, or that the issuance of such Letter of
Credit would violate Section 2.02, then such Issuing Lender shall, subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, issue the requested Letter of Credit
for the account of the Borrower in accordance with such Issuing Lender's usual
and customary practices. Upon the issuance of or modification or amendment to
any standby Letter of Credit, each Issuing Lender shall promptly notify the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent, in writing of such issuance, modification
or amendment and such notice shall be accompanied by a copy of such Letter of
Credit or the respective modification or amendment thereto, as the case may be.
Promptly after receipt of such notice the Administrative Agent shall notify the
Participants, in writing, of such issuance, modification or amendment, and if so
requested by a Participant the Administrative Agent shall furnish such
Participant with a copy of such issuance, amendment or modification. On the
first Business Day of each week, each Issuing Lender shall furnish the
Administrative Agent with a written (including via facsimile) report of the
daily aggregate outstandings of trade Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing
Lender for the immediately preceding week. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Agreement, in the event that a Lender Default exists
with respect to an L/C Lender, no Issuing Lender shall be required to issue any
Letter of Credit unless such Issuing Lender has entered into arrangements
satisfactory to it and the Borrower to eliminate such Issuing Lender's risk with
respect to the participation in Letters of Credit by the Defaulting Lender or
Lenders, including by cash collateralizing such Defaulting Lender's or Lenders'
L/C Percentage of the Letter of Credit Outstandings.

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

                (c)     The initial Stated Amount of each Letter of Credit shall
not be less than $100,000 or such lesser amount as is acceptable to the
respective Issuing Lender.

                2.04    Letter of Credit Participations. (a) Immediately upon
the issuance by an Issuing Lender of any Letter of Credit, such Issuing Lender
shall be deemed to have sold and transferred to each L/C Lender, and each such
L/C Lender (in its capacity under this Section 2.04, a "Participant") shall be
deemed irrevocably and unconditionally to have purchased and received from such
Issuing Lender, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and
participation, to the extent of such Participant's L/C Percentage, in such
Letter of Credit, each drawing or payment made thereunder and the obligations of
the Borrower under this Agreement with respect thereto, and any security
therefor or guaranty pertaining thereto. Upon any change in the L/C Commitments
or L/C Percentages of the Lenders pursuant to Section 1.13 or 13.04(b), it is
hereby agreed that, with respect to all outstanding Letters of Credit and Unpaid
Drawings relating thereto, there shall be an automatic adjustment to the
participations pursuant to this Section 2.04 to reflect the new L/C Percentages
of the assignor and assignee Lender, as the case may be.

                (b)     In determining whether to pay under any Letter of
Credit, no Issuing Lender shall have any obligation relative to the other
Lenders other than to confirm that any documents required to be delivered under
such Letter of Credit appear to have been delivered and that they appear to
substantially comply on their face with the requirements of such Letter of
Credit. Any action taken or omitted to be taken by an Issuing Lender under or in
connection with any Letter of Credit issued by it shall not create for such
Issuing Lender any resulting liability to the Borrower, any other Credit Party,
any Lender or any other Person unless such action is taken or omitted to be
taken with gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such Issuing
Lender (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and
non-appealable decision).

                (c)     In the event that an Issuing Lender makes any payment
under any Letter of Credit issued by it and the Borrower shall not have
reimbursed such amount in full to such Issuing Lender pursuant to Section
2.05(a), such Issuing Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent,
which shall promptly notify each Participant of such failure, and each
Participant shall promptly and unconditionally pay to such Issuing Lender the
amount of such Participant's L/C Percentage of such unreimbursed payment in
Dollars and in same day funds. If the Administrative Agent so notifies, prior to
12:00 Noon (New York time) on any Business Day, any Participant required to fund
a payment under a Letter of Credit, such Participant shall make available to the
respective Issuing Lender in Dollars such Participant's L/C Percentage of the
amount of such payment on such Business Day in same day funds. If and to the
extent such Participant shall not have so made its L/C Percentage of the amount
of such payment available to the respective Issuing Lender, such Participant
agrees to pay to such Issuing Lender, forthwith on demand such amount, together
with interest thereon, for each day from such date until the date such amount is
paid to such Issuing Lender at the overnight Federal Funds Rate for the first
three days and at the interest rate applicable to Term Loans that are maintained
as Base Rate Loans for each day thereafter. The failure of any Participant to
make available to an Issuing Lender its L/C Percentage of any payment under any
Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Lender shall not relieve any other
Participant of its obligation hereunder to make available to such Issuing Lender
its L/C Percentage of any payment under any Letter of Credit on the date
required, as specified

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

above, but no Participant shall be responsible for the failure of any other
Participant to make available to such Issuing Lender such other Participant's
L/C Percentage of any such payment.

                (d)     Whenever an Issuing Lender receives a payment of a
reimbursement obligation as to which it has received any payments from the
respective Participants pursuant to clause (c) above, such Issuing Lender shall
pay to each such Participant which has paid its L/C Percentage thereof, in
Dollars and in same day funds, an amount equal to such Participant's share
(based upon the proportionate aggregate amount originally funded by such
Participant to the aggregate amount funded by all Participants) of the principal
amount of such reimbursement obligation and interest thereon accruing after the
purchase of the respective participations.

                (e)     Upon the request of any Participant, each Issuing Lender
shall furnish to such Participant copies of any standby Letter of Credit issued
by it and such other documentation as may reasonably be requested by such
Participant.

                (f)     The obligations of the Participants to make payments to
each Issuing Lender with respect to Letters of Credit shall be irrevocable and
not subject to any qualification or exception whatsoever and shall be made in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement under all
circumstances, including, without limitation, any of the following
circumstances:

                (i)     any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement
        or any of the other Credit Documents;

                (ii)    the existence of any claim, setoff, defense or other
        right which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may have at any time
        against a beneficiary named in a Letter of Credit, any transferee of any
        Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such transferee may be
        acting), the Administrative Agent, any Participant, or any other Person,
        whether in connection with this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, the
        transactions contemplated herein or any unrelated transactions
        (including any underlying transaction between the Borrower or any
        Subsidiary of the Borrower and the beneficiary named in any such Letter
        of Credit);

                (iii)   any draft, certificate or any other document presented
        under any Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or
        insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or
        inaccurate in any respect;

                (iv)    the surrender or impairment of any security for the
        performance or observance of any of the terms of any of the Credit
        Documents; or

                (v)     the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default.

                2.05    Agreement to Repay Letter of Credit Drawings. (a) The
Borrower agrees to reimburse each Issuing Lender, by making payment to the
Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Payment Office, for
any payment or disbursement made by such Issuing Lender under any Letter of
Credit issued by it (each such amount, so paid until reimbursed, an "Unpaid
Drawing"), not later than one Business Day following receipt by the Borrower of
notice of such payment or disbursement (provided that no such notice shall be

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

required to be given if a Default or an Event of Default under Section 10.05
shall have occurred and be continuing, in which case the Unpaid Drawing shall be
due and payable immediately without presentment, demand, protest or notice of
any kind (all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower)), with interest on the
amount so paid or disbursed by such Issuing Lender, to the extent not reimbursed
prior to 12:00 Noon (New York time) on the date of such payment or disbursement,
from and including the date paid or disbursed to but excluding the date such
Issuing Lender was reimbursed by the Borrower therefor at a rate per annum equal
to the Base Rate in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin as in
effect from time to time for Term Loans that are maintained as Base Rate Loans;
provided, however, to the extent such amounts are not reimbursed prior to 12:00
Noon (New York time) on the third Business Day following the receipt by the
Borrower of notice of such payment or disbursement or following the occurrence
of a Default or an Event of Default under Section 10.05, interest shall
thereafter accrue on the amounts so paid or disbursed by such Issuing Lender
(and until reimbursed by the Borrower) at a rate per annum equal to the Base
Rate in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin for Term Loans that
are maintained as Base Rate Loans as in effect from time to time plus 2%, with
such interest to be payable on demand. Each Issuing Lender shall give the
Borrower prompt written notice of each Drawing under any Letter of Credit issued
by it, provided that the failure to give any such notice shall in no way affect,
impair or diminish the Borrower's obligations hereunder.

                (b)     The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 2.05
to reimburse each Issuing Lender with respect to drafts, demands and other
presentations for payment under Letters of Credit issued by it (each a
"Drawing") (including, in each case, interest thereon) shall be absolute and
unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff,
counterclaim or defense to payment which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the
Borrower may have or have had against any Lender (including in its capacity as
an Issuing Lender or as a Participant), including, without limitation, any
defense based upon the failure of any drawing under a Letter of Credit to
conform to the terms of the Letter of Credit or any nonapplication or
misapplication by the beneficiary of the proceeds of such Drawing; provided,
however, that the Borrower shall not be obligated to reimburse any Issuing
Lender for any wrongful payment made by such Issuing Lender under a Letter of
Credit issued by it as a result of acts or omissions constituting willful
misconduct or gross negligence on the part of such Issuing Lender (as determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision).

                2.06    Increased Costs. If at any time after the Effective
Date, the introduction of or any change in any applicable law, rule, regulation,
order, guideline or request or in the interpretation or administration thereof
by the NAIC or any governmental authority charged with the interpretation or
administration thereof, or compliance by any Issuing Lender or any Participant
with any request or directive by the NAIC or by any such governmental authority
(whether or not having the force of law), shall either (i) impose, modify or
make applicable any reserve, deposit, capital adequacy or similar requirement
against letters of credit issued by any Issuing Lender or participated in by any
Participant, or (ii) impose on any Issuing Lender or any Participant any other
conditions relating, directly or indirectly, to this Agreement or any Letter of
Credit; and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to any
Issuing Lender or any Participant of issuing, maintaining or participating in
any Letter of Credit, or reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by
any Issuing Lender or any Participant hereunder or reduce the rate of return on
its capital with respect to Letters of Credit (except for changes in the rate of
tax on, or

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

determined by reference to, the net income or profits or capital or franchise
taxes imposed in lieu thereof of such Issuing Lender or such Participant or, in
the case of an Issuing Lender or Participant that is a flow-through entity for
tax purposes, a member or a partner of such Issuing Lender or Participant,
pursuant to the laws of the country or national jurisdiction (or any political
subdivision thereof) in which it is organized or in which its principal office
or applicable lending office is located), then, upon the delivery of the
certificate referred to below to the Borrower by any Issuing Lender or any
Participant (a copy of which certificate shall be sent by such Issuing Lender or
such Participant to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower agrees, subject to
the provisions of Section 13.17, to pay to such Issuing Lender or such
Participant such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Issuing
Lender or such Participant for such increased cost or reduction in the amount
receivable or reduction on the rate of return on its capital, it being agreed
that this Section 2.06 shall not apply to Taxes which are the subject of Section
4.04(a). Any Issuing Lender or any Participant, upon determining that any
additional amounts will be payable pursuant to this Section 2.06, will give
prompt written notice thereof to the Borrower, which notice shall include a
certificate submitted to the Borrower by such Issuing Lender or such Participant
(a copy of which certificate shall be sent by the Issuing Lender or such
Participant to the Administrative Agent), setting forth in reasonable detail the
basis for and the calculation of such additional amount or amounts necessary to
compensate such Issuing Lender or such Participant. The certificate required to
be delivered pursuant to this Section 2.06 shall, absent manifest error, be
final and conclusive and binding on the Borrower.

                SECTION 3. L/C Commitment Commission; Fees; Reductions of
Commitment.

                3.01    Fees. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the
Administrative Agent for distribution to each L/C Lender which is a
Non-Defaulting Lender a commitment commission (the "L/C Commitment Commission")
for the period from and including the Effective Date to and including the Final
Maturity Date (or such earlier date on which the Total L/C Commitment has been
terminated) computed at a rate per annum equal to 1/2 of 1% of the Unutilized
L/C Commitment of such L/C Lender as in effect from time to time. Accrued L/C
Commitment Commission shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on each
Quarterly Payment Date and on the date upon which the Total L/C Commitment is
terminated.

                (b)     The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent
for distribution to each L/C Lender (based on each such Lender's respective L/C
Percentage) a fee in respect of each Letter of Credit (the "Letter of Credit
Fee") for the period from and including the date of issuance of such Letter of
Credit to and including the date of termination or expiration of such Letter of
Credit, computed at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin in respect
of the daily Stated Amount of each such Letter of Credit. Accrued Letter of
Credit Fees shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on each Quarterly
Payment Date and on the first day on or after the termination of the Total L/C
Commitment upon which no Letter of Credit remains outstanding.

                (c)     The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent
for distribution to each Lender (based on each such Lender's respective Term
Loan Percentage calculated immediately before giving effect to the respective
repayment or prepayment) a Prepayment Premium in connection with (x) voluntary
prepayments made prior to the third anniversary of the Initial Borrowing Date
pursuant to Section 4.01 with proceeds received by the Borrower and its

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

Subsidiaries from the incurrence of Indebtedness or in anticipation of the
incurrence of any Indebtedness and (y) mandatory repayments made prior to the
third anniversary of the Initial Borrowing Date pursuant to Sections 4.02(d) and
4.02(e) (other than mandatory repayments of less than $5,000,000 required to be
made pursuant to Section 4.02(e) with Net Sale Proceeds from Asset Sales so long
as the aggregate amount of all such mandatory repayments does not exceed
$5,000,000 per fiscal year).

                (d)     The Borrower agrees to pay to each Issuing Lender, for
its own account, a facing fee in respect of each Letter of Credit issued by it
(the "Facing Fee") for the period from and including the date of issuance of
such Letter of Credit to and including the date of termination or expiration of
such Letter of Credit, computed at a rate per annum equal to 1/4 of 1% on the
daily Stated Amount of such Letter of Credit, provided that in any event the
minimum amount of Facing Fees payable in any twelve-month period for each Letter
of Credit shall be not less than $500; it being agreed that, on the day of
issuance of any Letter of Credit and on each anniversary thereof prior to the
termination or expiration of such Letter of Credit, if $500 will exceed the
amount of Facing Fees that will accrue with respect to such Letter of Credit for
the immediately succeeding twelve-month period, the full $500 shall be payable
on the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit and on each such anniversary
thereof. Except as otherwise provided in the proviso to the immediately
preceding sentence, accrued Facing Fees shall be due and payable quarterly in
arrears on each Quarterly Payment Date and upon the first day on or after the
termination of the Total L/C Commitment upon which no Letter of Credit remains
outstanding.

                (e)     The Borrower agrees to pay to each Issuing Lender, for
its own account, upon each payment under, issuance of, or amendment to, any
Letter of Credit issued by it, such amount as shall at the time of such event be
the administrative charge and the reasonable expenses which such Issuing Lender
is generally imposing in connection with such occurrence with respect to letters
of credit.

                (f)     The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative
Agent such fees as may be agreed to in writing from time to time by the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries and the Administrative Agent.

                3.02    Voluntary Termination of Unutilized L/C Commitments. (a)
Upon at least three Business Days' prior notice from an Authorized
Representative of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent at its Notice Office
(which notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to each of the
Lenders), the Borrower shall have the right, at any time or from time to time,
without premium or penalty, to terminate the Total Unutilized L/C Commitment at
such time, in whole or in part, in integral multiples of $1,000,000 in the case
of partial reductions of the Total L/C Commitment. Each reduction to the Total
Unutilized L/C Commitment pursuant to this Section 3.02 shall apply to
proportionately and permanently reduce the L/C Commitment of each Lender (based
on their respective L/C Percentages).

                (b)     In the event of a refusal by a Lender to consent to
certain proposed changes, waivers, discharges or terminations with respect to
this Agreement which have been approved by the Required Lenders as (and to the
extent) provided in Section 13.12(b), the Borrower may, subject to its
compliance with the requirements of Section 13.12(b), upon five

                                      -16-
<PAGE>

Business Days' prior written notice to the Administrative Agent at the Notice
Office (which notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to each of
the Lenders) terminate all of the L/C Commitment and/or the Term Loan Commitment
of such Lender, so long as all Term Loans, together with accrued and unpaid
interest, Fees and all other amounts, owing to such Lender (other than any such
amounts owing in respect of any Tranche maintained by such Lender which are not
being repaid pursuant to Section 13.12(b)) are repaid concurrently with the
effectiveness of such termination pursuant to Section 4.01(b) (at which time
Schedule I shall be deemed modified to reflect such changed amounts) and such
Lender's L/C Percentage of all outstanding Letters of Credit is cash
collateralized in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the
respective Issuing Lenders (unless the respective Lender is not being repaid
with respect to its L/C Commitment pursuant to Section 13.12(b)), and at such
time, unless the respective Lender continues to have outstanding Term Loans or
Commitments of one or more Tranches hereunder, such Lender shall no longer
constitute a "Lender" for purposes of this Agreement, except with respect to
indemnifications under this Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections
1.10, 1.11, 2.06, 4.04, 12.06 and 13.01), which shall survive as to such repaid
Lender.

                3.03    Mandatory Reduction of Commitments. (a) The Total
Commitment (and the Commitment of each Lender) shall terminate in its entirety
on December 31, 2004, unless the Initial Borrowing Date has occurred on or prior
to such date.

                (b)     In addition to any other mandatory commitment reductions
pursuant to this Section 3.03, the Total Term Loan Commitment (and the Term Loan
Commitment of each Lender) shall terminate in its entirety on the Initial
Borrowing Date (after giving effect to the incurrence of Term Loans on such date
pursuant to Section 1.01).

                (c)     In addition to any other mandatory commitment reductions
pursuant to this Section 3.03, the Total L/C Commitment shall terminate in its
entirety upon the earlier of (x) the Final Maturity Date and (y) unless the
Required Lenders otherwise agree in writing, the date on which a Change of
Control occurs.

                (d)     In addition to any other mandatory commitment reductions
pursuant to this Section 3.03, on each date upon which a mandatory repayment of
Term Loans pursuant to Section 4.02(c), (d), (e), (f) or (g) is required (and
exceeds in amount the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans then outstanding)
or would be required if Term Loans were then outstanding, the Total L/C
Commitment shall be permanently reduced by the amount, if any, by which the
amount required to be applied pursuant to said Sections (determined as if an
unlimited amount of Term Loans were actually outstanding) exceeds the aggregate
principal amount of Term Loans then outstanding.

                (e)     Each reduction to, or termination of, the Total L/C
Commitment shall be applied to proportionately reduce or terminate, as the case
may be, the L/C Commitment of each Lender with a L/C Commitment.

                                      -17-
<PAGE>

                SECTION 4. Prepayments; Payments; Taxes.

                4.01    Voluntary Prepayments. (a) Subject to Section 3.01(c),
the Borrower shall have the right to prepay Term Loans, in whole or in part at
any time and from time to time on the following terms and conditions: (i) the
Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent prior to 12:00 Noon (New York time)
at the Notice Office (x) at least one Business Day's prior written notice (or
telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of its intent to prepay Base
Rate Loans and (y) at least three Business Days' prior written notice (or
telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of its intent to prepay
Eurodollar Loans, which notice (in each case) shall specify the amount of such
prepayment and the Types of Term Loans to be prepaid and, in the case of
Eurodollar Loans, the specific Borrowing or Borrowings pursuant to which such
Eurodollar Loans were made, and which notice the Administrative Agent shall
promptly transmit to each of the Lenders; (ii) each partial prepayment of Term
Loans pursuant to this Section 4.01(a) shall be in an aggregate principal amount
of at least $1,000,000 (or such lesser amount as is acceptable to the
Administrative Agent), provided that if any partial prepayment of Eurodollar
Loans made pursuant to any Borrowing shall reduce the outstanding principal
amount of Eurodollar Loans made pursuant to such Borrowing to an amount less
than the Minimum Borrowing Amount applicable thereto, then such Borrowing may
not be continued as a Borrowing of Eurodollar Loans (and same shall
automatically be converted into a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans) and any election
of an Interest Period with respect thereto given by the Borrower shall have no
force or effect; and (iii) each voluntary prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to
this Section 4.01(a) shall be applied to reduce the then remaining Scheduled
Repayments of the Term Loans on a pro rata basis (based upon the then remaining
unpaid principal amounts of such Scheduled Repayments after giving effect to all
prior reductions thereto).

                (b)     In the event of a refusal by a Lender to consent to
certain proposed changes, waivers, discharges or terminations with respect to
this Agreement which have been approved by the Required Lenders as (and to the
extent) provided in Section 13.12(b), the Borrower may, upon five Business Days'
prior written notice to the Administrative Agent at the Notice Office (which
notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to each of the Lenders)
repay all Term Loans, together with accrued and unpaid interest, Fees, and other
amounts owing to such Lender (or owing to such Lender in respect of the Tranche
being repaid in the event such Lender is being repaid with respect to a single
Tranche only) in accordance with, and subject to the requirements of, said
Section 13.12(b) so long as (I) all Commitments of such Lender (other than
Commitments relating to any Tranche with respect to which such Lender is not
being replaced or terminated) are terminated concurrently with such repayment
pursuant to Section 3.02(b) (at which time Schedule I shall be deemed modified
to reflect the changed Commitments), (II) unless such Lender is an L/C Lender
that is not being repaid or replaced with respect to its L/C Commitment, such
Lender's L/C Percentage of all outstanding Letters of Credit is cash
collateralized in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the
respective Issuing Lenders and (III) the consents, if any, required under
Section 13.12(b) in connection with the repayment pursuant to this clause (b)
have been obtained. Each prepayment of any Term Loans pursuant to this Section
4.01(b) shall be applied to reduce the then remaining Scheduled Repayments of
the Term Loans on a pro rata basis (based upon the then remaining unpaid
principal amounts of such Scheduled Repayments after giving effect to all prior
reductions thereto).

                4.02    Mandatory Repayments. (a) If the aggregate amount of the
Letter of Credit Outstandings exceeds the Total L/C Commitment on any day, the
Borrower shall pay to

                                      -18-
<PAGE>

the Administrative Agent at the Payment Office on such day an amount of cash
and/or Cash Equivalents equal to the amount of such excess (up to a maximum
amount equal to the Letter of Credit Outstandings at such time), such cash
and/or Cash Equivalents to be held as security for all obligations of the
Borrower to the Issuing Lenders and the Lenders hereunder in a cash collateral
account to be established by the Administrative Agent.

                (b)     In addition to any other mandatory repayments pursuant
to this Section 4.02, on each date set forth below (each, a "Scheduled Repayment
Date"), the Borrower shall be required to repay that principal amount of Term
Loans, to the extent then outstanding, as is set forth opposite each such date
below (each such repayment, as the same may be reduced as provided in Section
4.01(a), 4.01(b) or 4.02(h), a "Scheduled Repayment"):

            Scheduled Repayment Date                           Amount
- -----------------------------------------------             ------------

 March 31, 2005                                             $    825,000
 June 30, 2005                                              $    825,000
 September 30, 2005                                         $    825,000
 December 31, 2005                                          $    825,000

 March 31, 2006                                             $    825,000
 June 30, 2006                                              $    825,000
 September 30, 2006                                         $    825,000
 December 31, 2006                                          $    825,000

 March 31, 2007                                             $    825,000
 June 30, 2007                                              $    825,000
 September 30, 2007                                         $    825,000
 December 31, 2007                                          $    825,000

 March 31, 2008                                             $    825,000
 June 30, 2008                                              $    825,000
 September 30, 2008                                         $    825,000
 December 31, 2008                                          $    825,000

 March 31, 2009                                             $    825,000
 June 30, 2009                                              $    825,000
 September 30, 2009                                         $    825,000
 December 31, 2009                                          $    825,000

 March 31, 2010                                             $    825,000
 June 30, 2010                                              $    825,000
 September 30, 2010                                         $    825,000
 December 31, 2010                                          $    825,000

 March 31, 2011                                             $ 77,550,000
 June 30, 2011                                              $ 77,550,000
 September 30, 2011                                         $ 77,550,000
 Final Maturity Date                                        $ 77,550,000

                                      -19-
<PAGE>

                (c)     In addition to any other mandatory repayments pursuant
to this Section 4.02, on each date on or after the Initial Borrowing Date upon
which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries receives any cash proceeds from
any capital contribution or any sale or issuance of its Equity Interests (other
than cash proceeds from the issuance of Equity Interests to members of
management or employees of the Borrower in an amount not to exceed $5,000,000 in
any fiscal year of the Borrower), an amount equal to 100% of the Net Equity
Proceeds of such capital contribution or sale or issuance of equity shall be
applied on such date as a mandatory repayment of principal of outstanding Term
Loans in accordance with the requirements of Sections 4.02(h) and (i); provided,
however, that with respect to no more than $2,500,000 in the aggregate of cash
proceeds from any sale or issuance of Qualified Capital Stock in any fiscal year
of the Borrower, the Net Equity Proceeds therefrom shall not be required to be
so applied on such date so long as no Default and no Event of Default then
exists and such Net Equity Proceeds shall be used to make a Permitted
Acquisition pursuant to Section 8.17 within 90 days following the date of the
issuance of such Qualified Capital Stock, and provided further, that if all or
any portion of such Net Equity Proceeds not required to be so applied as
provided above in this Section 4.02(c) are not so used within such 90-day period
(or such earlier date, if any, as the Borrower or the relevant Subsidiary
determines not to use the Net Equity Proceeds as set forth above), such
remaining portion shall be applied on the last day of such period (or such
earlier date, as the case may be) as provided above in this Section 4.02(c)
without regard to the preceding proviso.

                (d)     Subject to Section 3.01(c), in addition to any other
mandatory repayments pursuant to this Section 4.02, on each date on or after the
Initial Borrowing Date upon which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
receives any cash proceeds from any issuance or incurrence by the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries of Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than
Indebtedness for borrowed money permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section
9.04 as in effect on the Effective Date), an amount equal to 100% of the Net
Debt Proceeds of the respective incurrence of Indebtedness shall be applied on
such date as a mandatory repayment of principal of outstanding Term Loans in
accordance with the requirements of Sections 4.02(h) and (i).

                (e)     Subject to Section 3.01(c), in addition to any other
mandatory repayments pursuant to this Section 4.02, on each date on or after the
Initial Borrowing Date upon which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
receives any cash proceeds from any Asset Sale, an amount equal to 100% of the
Net Sale Proceeds therefrom shall be applied on such date as a mandatory
repayment of principal of outstanding Term Loans in accordance with the
requirements of Sections 4.02(h); and (i) provided, however, that with respect
to the Net Sale Proceeds from the sale of the New York Microwave Subscribers
plus no more than $2,500,000 in the aggregate of cash proceeds from other Asset
Sales (other than Asset Sales made pursuant to any of clauses (xi), (xii),
(xiii), (xiv), (xvii (but only to the extent that such Asset Sale does not
relate to assets that constitute New York Microwave Subscribers)), (xviii) and
(xvix) of Section 9.02, the proceeds of which must be applied as provided above
without regard to this proviso) in any fiscal year of the Borrower, the Net Sale
Proceeds therefrom shall not be required to be so applied on such date so long
as no Default and no Event of Default then exists and such Net Sale Proceeds

                                      -20-
<PAGE>

shall be used to purchase assets (other than working capital) used or to be used
in the businesses permitted pursuant to Section 9.16 within 365 days following
the date of such Asset Sale, and provided further, that if all or any portion of
such Net Sale Proceeds not required to be so applied as provided above in this
Section 4.02(e) are not so reinvested within such 365-day period (or such
earlier date, if any, as the Borrower or the relevant Subsidiary determines not
to reinvest the Net Sale Proceeds from such Asset Sale as set forth above), such
remaining portion shall be applied on the last day of such period (or such
earlier date, as the case may be) as provided above in this Section 4.02(e)
without regard to the preceding proviso.

                (f)     In addition to any other mandatory repayments pursuant
to this Section 4.02, on each Excess Cash Payment Date, an amount equal to the
Applicable ECF Percentage of the Excess Cash Flow for the related Excess Cash
Payment Period shall be applied as a mandatory repayment of principal of
outstanding Term Loans in accordance with the requirements of Sections 4.02(h)
and (i).

                (g)     In addition to any other mandatory repayments pursuant
to this Section 4.02, within 10 days following each date on or after the Initial
Borrowing Date upon which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries receives any
cash proceeds from any Recovery Event (other than Recovery Events where the Net
Insurance Proceeds therefrom do not exceed $50,000), an amount equal to 100% of
the Net Insurance Proceeds from such Recovery Event shall be applied within such
ten day period in accordance with the requirements of Sections 4.02(h) and (i);
provided, however, that (i) so long as no Default or Event of Default then
exists and such Net Insurance Proceeds do not exceed $5,000,000, an amount equal
to such Net Insurance Proceeds shall not be required to be so applied within
such ten day period to the extent that the Borrower has delivered a certificate
to the Administrative Agent within such ten day period stating that such Net
Insurance Proceeds shall be used to replace or restore properties or assets in
respect of which such Net Insurance Proceeds were paid within 365 days following
the date of the receipt of such Net Insurance Proceeds (which certificate shall
set forth the estimates of the Net Insurance Proceeds to be so expended), and
(ii) if the amount of such Net Insurance Proceeds exceeds $5,000,000, then an
amount equal to the entire amount of such Net Insurance Proceeds (and not just
the portion thereof in excess of $5,000,000) shall be applied as provided above
in this Section 4.02(g) without regard to preceding clause (i) of this proviso,
and provided further, that if all or any portion of such Net Insurance Proceeds
not required to be so applied pursuant to the preceding proviso are not so used
within 365 days after the date of the receipt of such Net Insurance Proceeds (or
such earlier date, if any, as the Borrower or the relevant Subsidiary determines
not to reinvest the Net Insurance Proceeds relating to such Recovery Event as
set forth above), an amount equal to such remaining portion shall be applied on
the last day of such period (or such earlier date, as the case may be) as
provided above in this Section 4.02(g) without regard to the preceding proviso.

                (h)     Each amount required to be applied pursuant to Sections
4.02(c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) in accordance with this Section 4.02(h) shall be
applied (i) first, as a mandatory repayment of principal of outstanding Term
Loans, and (ii) second, to the extent in excess of the amounts required to be
applied pursuant to preceding clause (i), as a mandatory and permanent reduction
to the Total L/C Commitment. The amount of each principal repayment of
outstanding Term Loans made as required by this Sections 4.02(h) shall be
applied to reduce the then remaining Scheduled Repayments on a pro rata basis
(based upon the then remaining unpaid

                                      -21-
<PAGE>

principal amounts of such Scheduled Repayments after giving effect to all prior
reductions thereto).

                (i)     With respect to each repayment of Term Loans required by
this Section 4.02, the Borrower may designate the Types of Term Loans which are
to be repaid and, in the case of Eurodollar Loans, the specific Borrowing or
Borrowings to which such Eurodollar Loans were made, provided that: (i)
repayments of Eurodollar Loans pursuant to this Section 4.02 may only be made on
the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto unless all Eurodollar
Loans with Interest Periods ending on such date of required repayment and all
Base Rate Loans have been paid in full; (ii) if any repayment of Eurodollar
Loans made pursuant to a single Borrowing shall reduce the outstanding
Eurodollar Loans made pursuant to such Borrowing to an amount less than the
Minimum Borrowing Amount applicable thereto, such Borrowing shall be
automatically converted into a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans; and (iii) each
repayment of any Term Loans made pursuant to a Borrowing shall be applied pro
rata among such Term Loans. In the absence of a designation by the Borrower as
described in the preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent shall, subject to
the above, make such designation in its sole discretion.

                (j)     In addition to any other mandatory repayments pursuant
to this Section 4.02, (i) all then outstanding Term Loans shall be repaid in
full on the Final Maturity Date and (ii) unless the Required Lenders otherwise
agree in writing, all then outstanding Term Loans shall be repaid in full on the
date on which a Change of Control occurs.

                4.03    Method and Place of Payment. Except as otherwise
specifically provided herein, all payments under this Agreement and under any
Term Note shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the account of the
Lender or Lenders entitled thereto not later than 12:00 Noon (New York time) on
the date when due and shall be made in Dollars in immediately available funds at
the Payment Office. Whenever any payment to be made hereunder or under any Term
Note shall be stated to be due on a day which is not a Business Day, the due
date thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day and, with
respect to payments of principal, interest shall be payable at the applicable
rate during such extension.

                4.04    Net Payments. (a) All payments made by the Borrower
hereunder and under any Term Note will be made without setoff, counterclaim or
other defense. Except as provided in Section 4.04(b), all such payments will be
made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for, any present or
future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other charges of
whatever nature now or hereafter imposed by any jurisdiction or by any political
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein with respect to such payments
(but excluding, except as provided in the second succeeding sentence, any tax
imposed on or measured by the net income, net profits or capital or franchise
taxes imposed in lieu thereof of a Lender or, in the case of a Lender or
Administrative Agent that is a flow-through entity for tax purposes, a member or
a partner of such Lender or Administrative Agent, pursuant to the laws of the
country or national jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) in which
it is organized or the country or national jurisdiction (or any political
subdivision thereof) in which the principal office or applicable lending office
of such Lender is located) and all interest, penalties or similar liabilities
with respect to such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees,
assessments or other charges (all such non-excluded taxes, levies, imposts,
duties, fees, assessments or other charges being referred to collectively as
"Taxes"). If any Taxes are so levied or imposed on

                                      -22-
<PAGE>

payments made by the Borrower hereunder and under the Term Note, the Borrower
agrees to pay the full amount of such Taxes to the appropriate taxing authority,
and shall pay to the applicable Lender or, in the case of a Lender or
Administrative Agent that is a flow-through entity for tax purposes, a member or
a partner of such Lender or Administrative Agent, such additional amounts as may
be necessary so that every payment of all amounts due under this Agreement or
under any Term Note, after withholding or deduction for or on account of any
Taxes, will not be less than the amount provided for herein or in such Term
Note. If any amounts are payable in respect of Taxes pursuant to the preceding
sentence, the Borrower agrees to reimburse each Lender, upon the written request
of such Lender, for taxes imposed on or measured by the net income or net
profits of such Lender pursuant to the laws of the jurisdiction in which such
Lender is organized or in which the principal office or applicable lending
office of such Lender is located or under the laws of any political subdivision
or taxing authority of any such jurisdiction in which such Lender is organized
or in which the principal office or applicable lending office of such Lender is
located and for any withholding of taxes as such Lender shall determine are
payable by, or withheld from, such Lender, in respect of such amounts so paid to
or on behalf of such Lender pursuant to the preceding sentence and in respect of
any amounts paid to or on behalf of such Lender pursuant to this sentence. The
Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent within 45 days after the date
the payment of any Taxes is due pursuant to applicable law certified copies of
tax receipts or other evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent evidencing such payment by such Borrower. The Borrower agrees to indemnify
and hold harmless each Lender or, in the case of a Lender or Administrative
Agent that is a flow-through entity for tax purposes, a member or a partner of
such Lender or Administrative Agent, and reimburse such Lender or, in the case
of a Lender or Administrative Agent that is a flow-through entity for tax
purposes, a member or a partner of such Lender or Administrative Agent, upon its
written request, for the amount of any Taxes so levied or imposed and paid by
such Lender or, in the case of a Lender or Administrative Agent that is a
flow-through entity for tax purposes, a member or a partner of such Lender or
Administrative Agent.

                (b)     The Administrative Agent and each Lender that is not a
United States person (as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the
Code) for U.S. Federal income tax purposes agrees to deliver to the Borrower and
the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Effective Date or, in the case of a
Lender that is an assignee or transferee of an interest under this Agreement
pursuant to Section 1.13 or 13.04(b) (unless the respective Lender was already a
Lender hereunder immediately prior to such assignment or transfer), on the date
of such assignment or transfer to such Lender, (i) in the case of each such
Lender, two accurate and complete original signed copies of Internal Revenue
Service Form W-8ECI or Form W-8BEN (with respect to a complete exemption under
an income tax treaty) (or successor forms) certifying to such Lender's
entitlement as of such date to a complete exemption from United States
withholding tax with respect to payments to be made under this Agreement and
under any Term Note, (ii) in the case of each such Lender, if the Lender is not
a "bank" within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code and cannot
deliver either Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI or Form W-8BEN (with respect
to a complete exemption under an income tax treaty) (or any successor forms)
pursuant to clause (i) above, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of
Exhibit D (any such certificate, a "Section 4.04(b)(ii) Certificate") and (y)
two accurate and complete original signed copies of Internal Revenue Service
Form W-8BEN (with respect to the portfolio interest exemption) (or successor
form) certifying to such Lender's entitlement as of such date to a complete
exemption from United States withholding tax with respect to payments

                                      -23-
<PAGE>

of interest to be made under this Agreement and under any Term Note , or (iii)
in the case of the Administrative Agent and each such Lender, if a Lender or the
Administrative Agent is a foreign intermediary or flow-through entity for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, two accurate and complete signed copies of Internal
Revenue Service Form W-8IMY (and all necessary attachments) establishing a
complete exemption from United States withholding tax with respect to payments
made to the Administrative Agent or the applicable Lender as the case may be
under this Agreement and under any Term Note. In addition, each Lender and the
Administrative Agent agree that from time to time after the Effective Date, when
a lapse in time or change in circumstances or law renders the previous
certification obsolete, invalid or inaccurate in any material respect, it will
deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent two new accurate and
complete original signed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, Form
W-8BEN (with respect to the benefits of any income tax treaty), or Form W-8BEN
(with respect to the portfolio interest exemption) and a Section 4.04(b)(ii)
Certificate or Form W-8IMY (with respect to foreign intermediary or flow through
entity), as the case may be, and such other forms and necessary attachments as
may be required in order to confirm or establish the entitlement of such Lender
to a continued exemption from or reduction in United States withholding tax with
respect to payments under this Agreement and any Term Note, or such Lender shall
immediately notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of its inability to
deliver any such Form or Certificate, in which case such Lender shall not be
required to deliver any such Form or Certificate pursuant to this Section
4.04(b). Each Lender and the Administrative Agent that is a United States person
(as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) for U.S. federal
income taxes (other than a Lender or Administrative Agent that may be treated as
an exempt recipient based on the indicators described in U.S. Treasury
Regulation Section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii) except to the extent required by Treasury
Regulation Section 1.1441-(1)(d)(4) (and any successor provision)) agrees to
deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the
Effective Date or, in the case of such a Lender that is an assignee or
transferee of an interest under this Agreement pursuant to Section 1.13 or
13.04(b) (unless the respective Lender was already a Lender hereunder
immediately prior to such assignment or transfer), on the date of such
assignment or transfer to such Lender and at the other times described above
with respect to Lenders that are not United States persons, two accurate and
complete original signed copies of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or
successor forms) certifying to such Lender's and/or Administrative Agent's
entitlement as of such date to a complete exemption from United States backup
withholding tax with respect to payments to be made under this Agreement and
under any other Credit Document. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in Section 4.04(a), but subject to Section 13.04(b) and the
immediately succeeding sentence, (x) the Borrower shall be entitled, to the
extent it is required to do so by law, to deduct or withhold income or similar
taxes imposed by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing
authority thereof or therein) from interest, Fees or other amounts payable
hereunder to the extent that such Lender has not provided to the Borrower U.S.
Internal Revenue Service Forms that establish a complete exemption from such
deduction or withholding and (y) the Borrower shall not be obligated pursuant to
Section 4.04(a) to gross-up payments to be made to a Lender in respect of
withholdings, income or similar taxes imposed by the United States if (I) such
Lender has not provided to the Borrower the Internal Revenue Service Forms
required to be provided to the Borrower pursuant to this Section 4.04(b) or (II)
in the case of a payment, other than interest, to a Lender described in clause
(ii) above, to the extent that such forms provided by such Lender do not
establish a complete exemption from withholding of such taxes. Notwithstanding

                                      -24-
<PAGE>

anything to the contrary contained in the preceding sentence or elsewhere in
this Section 4.04 and except as set forth in Section 13.04(b), the Borrower
agrees to pay any additional amounts and to indemnify each Lender in the manner
set forth in Section 4.04(a) (without regard to the identity of the jurisdiction
requiring the deduction or withholding) in respect of any amounts deducted or
withheld by it as described in the immediately preceding sentence as a result of
any changes that are effective after the Effective Date in any applicable law,
treaty, governmental rule, regulation, guideline or order, or in the
interpretation thereof, relating to the deducting or withholding of such Taxes.

                (c)     If the Administrative Agent has not provided to the
Borrower the U.S. Internal Revenue Service Forms required to be provided to the
Borrower pursuant to Section 4.04(b) hereof, the Administrative Agent shall
deliver such U.S. Internal Revenue Service Forms within 30 days following
written notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent requesting the
same; provided, however, that if the Administrative Agent does not deliver such
U.S. Internal Revenue Service Forms within such 30-day period, the
Administrative Agent shall, upon the subsequent written request of the Borrower,
designate an affiliate or another Lender that is a "United States person" (as
such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) to serve as the
Administrative Agent, subject to such designation not having an adverse effect
on the Administrative Agent and subject to the internal policy considerations of
the Administrative Agent, each to be determined in the sole discretion of the
Administrative Agent; provided further, however, that if the Administrative
Agent is unwilling or unable (within its sole discretion) to make such
appointment, the Borrower shall have the right to cause the Administrative Agent
to resign in accordance with Section 12.09 hereof.

                (d)     If the Borrower pays any additional amount under this
Section 4.04 to a Lender and such Lender determines in its sole discretion that
it has actually received or realized in connection therewith any refund or any
reduction of, or credit against, its Tax liabilities in or with respect to the
taxable year in which the additional amount is paid (a "Tax Benefit"), such
Lender shall pay to the Borrower an amount that the Lender shall, in its sole
discretion, determine is equal to the net benefit, after tax, which was obtained
by the Lender in such year as a consequence of such Tax Benefit; provided,
however, that (i) any Lender may determine, in its sole discretion consistent
with the policies of such Lender, whether to seek a Tax Benefit; (ii) any Taxes
that are imposed on a Lender as a result of a disallowance or reduction
(including through the expiration of any tax credit carryover or carryback of
such Lender that otherwise would not have expired) of any Tax Benefit with
respect to which such Lender has made a payment to the Borrower pursuant to this
Section 4.04(d) shall be treated as a Tax for which the Borrower is obligated to
indemnify such Lender pursuant to this Section 4.04 without any exclusions or
defenses; (iii) subject to Section 13.16, nothing in this Section 4.04(d) shall
require the Lender to disclose any confidential information to the Borrower
(including, without limitation, its tax returns); and (iv) no Lender shall be
required to pay any amounts pursuant to this Section 4.04(d) at any time which a
Default or Event of Default exists.

                SECTION 5. Conditions Precedent to Credit Events on the Initial
Borrowing Date. The obligation of each Lender with a Term Loan Commitment to
make Loans, and the obligation of each Issuing Lender to Issue Letters of
Credit, on the Initial Borrowing Date, are subject at the time of the making of
such Loans or the issuance of such Letters of Credit to the satisfaction of the
following conditions:

                                      -25-
<PAGE>

                (a)     Effective Date; Term Notes. On or prior to the Initial
Borrowing Date, (i) the Effective Date shall have occurred and (ii) there shall
have been delivered to the Administrative Agent for the account of each of the
Lenders that has requested same the appropriate Term Note executed by the
Borrower in the amount, maturity and as otherwise provided herein.

                (b)     Officer's Certificate. On the Initial Borrowing Date,
the Administrative Agent shall have received from the Borrower a certificate,
dated such date and signed on behalf of the Borrower by an Authorized
Representative of the Borrower, certifying on behalf of the Borrower that all of
the conditions in each of Sections 5.01(f), (g), (h), (i), (j), (m) and (t) and
6, have been satisfied on such date.

                (c)     Opinions of Counsel. On the Initial Borrowing Date, the
Administrative Agent shall have received from (i) Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher
& Flom LLP, counsel to the Credit Parties, an opinion addressed to each Agent
and the Lenders and dated the Initial Borrowing Date substantially in the form
of Exhibit E-1 (ii) Deborah M. Royster, general counsel to the Credit Parties,
an opinion addressed to each Agent and the Lenders and dated the Initial
Borrowing Date substantially in the form of Exhibit E-2 and (iii) from local
counsel to the Credit Parties reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent practicing in those jurisdictions in which Mortgaged Properties are
located and/or Credit Parties are organized (if organized other than under the
laws of Delaware or New York), which opinions shall be addressed to the
Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders and dated the Initial Borrowing
Date and shall cover the perfection of the security interests and/or liens
granted pursuant to the relevant Security Documents (and matters relating to the
organization, good standing and due authorization, execution and delivery of the
various Credit Documents in the case of any Credit Party organized in that
jurisdiction) and such other opinions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
request and shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent.

                (d)     Second-Lien Note Indenture. On the Initial Borrowing
Date, the Second-Lien Note Indenture shall have been executed and delivered by
the parties thereto and shall be in full force and effect, and the Borrower
shall have received gross cash proceeds of $125,000,000 from the issuance of
Second-Lien Notes thereunder, the full amount of which proceeds the Borrower
shall utilize to make payments owing in connection with the Transaction
contemporaneously with the utilization by the Borrower of any proceeds of Term
Loans for such purpose. The Administrative Agent shall have received true and
correct copies of all Second-Lien Note Documents, certified as such by an
Authorized Representative of the Borrower, the Second-Lien Note Documents and
all terms and conditions thereof (including, without limitation, amortization,
maturities, interest rates, covenants, defaults, remedies, guaranties and
guarantors) shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the Required Lenders, and all conditions precedent under the
Second-Lien Note Documents shall have been satisfied, and not waived unless
consented to by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, to the
satisfaction of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders.

                (e)     Third-Lien Credit Agreement. On the Initial Borrowing
Date, the Third-Lien Credit Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by
the parties thereto and shall be in full force and effect. The Administrative
Agent shall have received true and correct copies of

                                      -26-
<PAGE>

all Third-Lien Credit Documents, certified as such by an Authorized
Representative of the Borrower, the Third-Lien Credit Documents and all terms
and conditions thereof (including, without limitation, amortization, maturities,
interest rates, covenants, defaults, remedies, guaranties and guarantors) shall
be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the
Required Lenders, and all conditions precedent to the Third-Lien Credit
Documents shall have been satisfied, and not waived unless consented to by the
Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, to the satisfaction of the
Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders. All security interests and
related filings with respect to any predecessor agreement must be terminated,
with new filings relating to security granted by the Borrower to be sequenced as
provided in the Intercreditor Agreement.

                (f)     Adverse Change. On the Initial Borrowing Date, there
shall not have occurred (and neither the Administrative Agent nor the Required
Lenders shall have become aware of any facts or conditions not previously known)
which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders shall determine has had,
or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

                (g)     Litigation. On the Initial Borrowing Date, no litigation
by any entity (private or governmental) shall be pending or, to the knowledge of
the Borrower, threatened with respect to (i) the Transaction or any
documentation executed in connection therewith (including any Credit Document)
or the transactions contemplated thereby or (ii) which is, or could reasonably
be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

                (h)     Governmental Approvals; etc. On or prior to the Initial
Borrowing Date, (A) all necessary governmental (domestic (including those of the
Bankruptcy Court) and foreign) and third party approvals in connection with the
Credit Documents and otherwise referred to herein or therein shall have been
obtained and remain in full force and effect and evidence thereof shall have
been provided to the Administrative Agent, (B) all necessary material
governmental (domestic and foreign) and third party approvals in connection with
any Existing Indebtedness which is to remain outstanding after the Initial
Borrowing Date and the consummation of the Transaction shall have been obtained
and remain in full force and effect and evidence thereof shall have been
provided to the Administrative Agent and (C) all applicable waiting periods
shall have expired without any action being taken by any competent authority
which restrains, prevents or imposes materially adverse conditions upon the
consummation of the Transaction, the making of the loans and the transactions
contemplated by the Documents or otherwise referred to herein or therein.
Additionally, there shall not exist any judgment, order, injunction or other
restraint issued or filed by any governmental authority or a hearing seeking
injunctive relief or other restraint pending or notified prohibiting or imposing
materially adverse conditions upon, or materially delaying, or making
economically unfeasible, the consummation of the Transaction or the making of
the loans, the issuance of Letters of Credit or the transactions contemplated by
the Documents.

                (i)     Fees, etc. On the Initial Borrowing Date, the Borrower
shall have paid to the Agents and the Lenders all costs, fees and expenses
(including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses of the Agents and their
affiliates incurred prior to the Initial Borrowing Date) payable to the Agents
and the Lenders or otherwise payable in respect of the Transaction to the extent
then due.

                                      -27-
<PAGE>

                (j)     Operating in Ordinary Course. During the period from
May 24, 2004 through the Initial Borrowing Date, the Borrower and its
subsidiaries shall have been operated in the ordinary course (recognizing that
certain changes in the way the Borrower and its subsidiaries operate may be
required as a result of operating in a Chapter 11 proceeding) and there shall
not have been sold any material assets of the Borrower and its subsidiaries
other than in the ordinary course and consistent with past practice or as
otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders.

                (k)     Management. On the Initial Borrowing Date, the
Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders shall be satisfied with the
management of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries.

                (l)     Corporate Documents; Proceedings; etc. (i) On the
Initial Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received a
certificate, dated the Initial Borrowing Date, signed by an authorized officer
of each Credit Party and attested to by the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary
of such Credit Party, substantially in the form of Exhibit F with appropriate
insertions, together with copies of the certificate of incorporation, by-laws or
equivalent organizational documents of such Credit Party, and the resolutions of
such Credit Party authorizing the transactions referred to herein and occurring
on or prior to the Initial Borrowing Date.

                (ii)    All corporate, partnership, limited liability company
and legal proceedings and all instruments and agreements in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Documents shall be in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and the
Administrative Agent shall have received all information and copies of all
documents and papers, including records of corporate proceedings, governmental
approvals, good standing certificates and bring-down telegrams or facsimiles, if
any, which the Administrative Agent reasonably may have requested in connection
therewith, such documents and papers where appropriate to be certified by proper
corporate or governmental authorities.

                (m)     The Transaction, etc. (i) On or prior to the Initial
Borrowing Date, (i) there shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent
true and correct copies of the Confirmation Order (which shall be a Final
Order), the Plan of Reorganization, the Disclosure Statement and the other Plan
Documents, which Confirmation Order, Plan of Reorganization, Disclosure
Statement and other Plan Documents shall be in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders and shall be
in full force and effect on the Initial Borrowing Date (and with the
Confirmation Order, the Plan of Reorganization and the Disclosure Statement also
to be certified by the Bankruptcy Court), (ii) there shall have been delivered
to the Administrative Agent a true and correct copy of the Notice of Plan
Effective Date, which Notice of Plan Effective Date shall be in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, shall have been
entered by the Bankruptcy Court, shall be in full force and effect and shall not
be subject to any stay, (iii) all conditions precedent to the effective date of
the Plan of Reorganization shall have been satisfied (and not waived without the
consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders) to the reasonable
satisfaction of the Administrative Agent, (iv) the effective date of the Plan of
Reorganization shall have occurred and the Plan of Reorganization shall have
been substantially

                                      -28-
<PAGE>

consummated, and (v) no request to revoke the Confirmation Order shall be
pending before the Bankruptcy Court.

                (ii)    On the Initial Borrowing Date and prior to or
concurrently with the incurrence of the Term Loans hereunder, each element of
the Transaction shall have been consummated in accordance with the Plan of
Reorganization, the other applicable Plan Documents and all applicable laws.

                (iii)   On the Initial Borrowing Date, (x) the aggregate amount
of proceeds received by the Borrower from the Term Loans incurred on the Initial
Borrowing Date when added to the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower from
the issuance of the Second-Lien Notes, shall be sufficient to make all cash
payments required to be made pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization, (y) the
Borrower shall have at least $115,000,000 of unrestricted cash and/or Cash
Equivalents on hand after making all cash payments required to be made pursuant
to the Plan of Reorganization and (z) the Administrative Agent shall have
received evidence, in form, scope and substance reasonably satisfactory to it,
that the matters set forth above in this Section 5.01(m)(iii) have been
satisfied on such date.

                (n)     Existing Indebtedness and Preferred Equity. On the
Initial Borrowing Date and after giving effect to the consummation of the
Transaction, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall have no outstanding
preferred equity or Indebtedness, except for (i) Indebtedness pursuant to (or in
respect of) the Credit Documents, (ii) Indebtedness pursuant to (or in respect
of) the Second-Lien Note Documents, (iii) Indebtedness (not to exceed
$38,500,000 in original aggregate principal amount) pursuant to (or in respect
of) the Third-Lien Credit Documents and (iv) such other outstanding Indebtedness
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries permitted pursuant to Section 9.04. On and
as of the Initial Borrowing Date, all Indebtedness to remain outstanding as
described in the immediately preceding sentence shall remain outstanding after
giving effect to the Transaction and the other transactions contemplated hereby
without any breach, required repayment, required offer to purchase, default,
event of default or termination rights existing thereunder or arising as a
result of the Transaction and the other transactions contemplated hereby and
there shall not be any amendments or modifications to the documents governing
any Existing Indebtedness that are adverse to the interests of the Lenders
(other than as requested or approved by the Administrative Agent). On and as of
the Initial Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent shall be satisfied with the
amount of and the terms and conditions of all Indebtedness described above in
this Section 5.01(n).

                (o)     Subsidiaries Guaranties. On the Initial Borrowing Date,
each Subsidiary Guarantor shall have duly authorized, executed and delivered the
Subsidiaries Guaranty substantially in the form of Exhibit M (as amended,
modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the "Subsidiaries
Guaranty"), guaranteeing all of the obligations of the Borrower as more fully
provided therein, and the Subsidiaries Guaranty shall be in full force and
effect.

                (p)     Pledge Agreement. On the Initial Borrowing Date, each
Credit Party shall have duly authorized, executed and delivered the Pledge
Agreement in the form of Exhibit G (as amended, modified or supplemented from
time to time, the "Pledge Agreement") and shall have delivered to the Collateral
Agent, as Pledgee thereunder, all of the Pledge Agreement Collateral, if any,
referred to therein and then owned by such Credit Party, (i) endorsed in blank
in the case

                                      -29-
<PAGE>

of promissory notes constituting Pledge Agreement Collateral and (ii) together
with executed and undated endorsements for transfer in the case of equity
interests constituting certificated Pledge Agreement Collateral, along with
evidence that all other actions necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of the
Collateral Agent, desirable, to perfect the security interests purported to be
created by the Pledge Agreement have been taken and the Pledge Agreement shall
be in full force and effect.

                (q)     Security Agreement. On the Initial Borrowing Date, each
Credit Party shall have duly authorized, executed and delivered the Security
Agreement in the form of Exhibit H (as amended, modified or supplemented from
time to time, the "Security Agreement") covering all of such Credit Party's
Security Agreement Collateral, together with:

                (i)     proper financing statements (Form UCC-1 or the
equivalent) fully executed for filing under the UCC or other appropriate filing
offices of each jurisdiction as may be necessary or, in the reasonable opinion
of the Collateral Agent, desirable, to perfect the security interests purported
to be created by the Security Agreement, with arrangements having been made by
the Borrower which are satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to ensure that
such financing statements are filed before any financing statements are filed in
connection with the Second-Lien Note Documents or the Third-Lien Credit
Documents;

                (ii)    certified copies of requests for information or copies
(Form UCC-11), or equivalent reports as of a recent date, listing all effective
financing statements that name the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor
and that are filed in the jurisdictions referred to in clause (i) above and in
such other jurisdictions in which Collateral is located on the Initial Borrowing
Date, together with copies of such other financing statements that name the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor (none of which shall cover any of
the Collateral except (x) to the extent evidencing Permitted Liens or (y) those
in respect of which the Collateral Agent shall have received termination
statements (Form UCC-3) or such other termination statements as shall be
required by local law fully executed for filing);

                (iii)   evidence of the completion of all other recordings and
filings of, or with respect to, the Security Agreement as may be necessary or,
in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable, to perfect the
security interests intended to be created by the Security Agreement; and

                (iv)    evidence that all other actions necessary or, in the
reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect and protect the
security interests purported to be created by the Security Agreement have been
taken, and the Security Agreement shall be in full force and effect.

                (r)     Mortgages; Title Insurance; Surveys; etc. On the Initial
Borrowing Date, the Collateral Agent shall have received:

                (i)     fully executed counterparts of a Mortgage, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which Mortgage
shall cover the Real Property owned or leased by the Borrower or a Subsidiary
Guarantor and designated as a "Mortgaged Property" on Schedule III, together
with evidence that counterparts of such

                                      -30-
<PAGE>

Mortgage have been delivered to the title insurance company insuring the Lien of
such Mortgage for recording in all places to the extent necessary or, in the
reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent desirable, to effectively create a
valid and enforceable first priority mortgage lien, subject only to Permitted
Encumbrances, on the Mortgaged Property described therein in favor of the
Collateral Agent (or such other trustee as may be required or desired under
local law) for the benefit of the Secured Creditors;

                (ii)    such consents, approvals, amendments, supplements,
estoppels, tenant subordination agreements or other instruments as shall be
reasonably deemed necessary by the Administrative Agent in order for the owner
or holder of the fee interest constituting such Mortgaged Property to grant the
Lien contemplated by the Mortgage with respect to such Mortgaged Property;

                (iii)   a Mortgage Policy relating to the Mortgage on each
Mortgaged Property referred to above issued by a title insurer reasonably
satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and in amounts satisfactory to the
Collateral Agent and assuring the Collateral Agent that the Mortgage on such
Mortgaged Property is a valid and enforceable first priority mortgage lien on
such Mortgaged Property, free and clear of all defects and encumbrances except
Permitted Encumbrances, and such Mortgage Policy shall otherwise be in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and shall include, as
appropriate, an endorsement for future advances under this Agreement and the
Term Notes and for any other matter that the Collateral Agent in its discretion
may reasonably request, shall not include a survey exception or an exception for
mechanics' liens, and shall provide for affirmative insurance and such
reinsurance as the Collateral Agent in its discretion may reasonably request;

                (iv)    such affidavits, certificates, information (including
financial data) and instruments of indemnification (including, without
limitation, a so-called "gap" indemnification) as shall be required to induce
the title company to issue the Mortgage Policies referred to in subsection (iii)
above;

                (v)     evidence reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent
of payment by the Borrower of all Mortgage Policy premiums in respect of such
Mortgage Property, search and examination charges, and related charges, mortgage
recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the recording of
such Mortgages and issuance of such Mortgage Policies;

                (vi)    to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, a
copy of a recent survey of each Mortgaged Property;

                (vii)   to the extent requested by the Collateral Agent, copies
of all leases in which the Borrower holds the lessor's interest or other
agreements relating to possessory interests, if any; provided that, to the
extent any of the foregoing affect such Mortgaged Property, such agreements
shall be subordinate to the Liens of the Mortgage to be recorded against such
Mortgaged Property, either expressly by its terms or pursuant to a
subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement (with any such agreement
being reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent); and

                (viii)  flood certificates covering such Mortgaged Property in
form and substance

                                      -31-
<PAGE>

acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and certifying whether or not each such
Mortgaged Property is located in a flood hazard area, as determined by reference
to the applicable FEMA map.

                (s)     Intercreditor Agreement. Each Credit Party, the
Administrative Agent, the Second-Lien Administrative Agent, the Third-Lien
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and
the Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall have duly authorized, executed and
delivered the Intercreditor Agreement in the form of Exhibit I hereto (as
amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the
"Intercreditor Agreement"), and the Intercreditor Agreement shall be in full
force and effect.

                (t)     Financial Statements; etc. (i) On or prior to the
Initial Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have
received true and correct copies of the historical financial statements, the pro
forma financial statements and the Projections referred to in Sections 7.05(a)
and (d), which historical financial statements, pro forma financial statements
and Projections shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders.

                (ii)    On or prior to the Initial Borrowing Date, the Agents
and the Lenders shall have received (x) interim quarterly (and year to date)
consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for each
fiscal quarter ended (1) after the date of the last financial statements for
such Persons previously furnished to the Agents and the Lenders pursuant to
Section 7.05(a), and (2) at least 45 days prior to the Initial Borrowing Date
and (y) interim monthly consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries for any calendar month ended after the date of the last
quarterly financial statements furnished pursuant to preceding clause (x) and at
least 10 days prior to the Initial Borrowing Date; provided that the Borrower
shall only be required to deliver cash and debt balances and a flash income
statement for the month ended November 30, 2004.

                (u)     Solvency Opinion; Insurance Certificates. On the Initial
Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received:

                (i)     a solvency opinion from the chief financial officer of
        the Borrower in the form of Exhibit J; and

                (ii)    certificates of insurance complying with the
        requirements of Section 8.03 for the business and properties of the
        Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in form and substance reasonably
        satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

Upon the occurrence of the Initial Borrowing Date, the Administrative Agent
shall give each Lender and the Borrower notice that the Initial Borrowing Date
has occurred (although the failure to give any such notice shall not affect any
Lender's or the Borrower's obligations under this Agreement).

                SECTION 6. Conditions Precedent to All Credit Events. The
obligation of each Lender to make Term Loans (including Term Loans made on the
Initial Borrowing Date, but excluding conversions or continuations made in
accordance with Sections 1.06 and/or 1.09) and the obligation of an Issuing
Lender to issue any Letter of Credit is subject, at the time of each

                                      -32-
<PAGE>

such Credit Event (except as hereinafter indicated), to the satisfaction of the
following conditions:

                6.01    No Default; Representations and Warranties At the time
of each such Credit Event and also after giving effect thereto (i) there shall
exist no Default or Event of Default and (ii) all representations and warranties
contained herein or in any other Credit Document shall be true and correct in
all material respects with the same effect as though such representations and
warranties had been made on the date of the making of such Credit Event (it
being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its
terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in
all material respects only as of such specified date).

                6.02    Notice of Borrowings; Letter of Credit Request. Prior to
the making of each Loan, the Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice
of Borrowing meeting the requirements of Section 1.03(a). Prior to the issuance
of each Letter of Credit, the Administrative Agent and the respective Issuing
Lender shall have received a Letter of Credit Request meeting the requirements
of Section 2.03(a).

                The acceptance of the benefits or proceeds of each Credit Event,
in each case, shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower to
the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders that all the conditions
specified in Section 5 (with respect to Credit Events occurring on the Initial
Borrowing Date) and in this Section 6 (with respect to Credit Events occurring
on or after the Initial Borrowing Date) and applicable to such Credit Event
exist as of that time. All of the Term Notes, certificates, legal opinions and
other documents and papers referred to in Section 5 and in this Section 6,
unless otherwise specified, shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent at
the Notice Office for the account of each of the Lenders and, except for the
Term Notes, in sufficient counterparts or copies for each of the Lenders and
shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent.

                SECTION 7. Representations, Warranties and Agreements. In order
to induce the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make the Term Loans,
and issue (or participate in) the Letters of Credit as provided herein, the
Borrower makes the following representations, warranties and agreements, in each
case after giving effect to the Transaction, all of which shall survive the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Term Notes and the making of
the Term Loans and the issuance of the Letters of Credit, with the occurrence of
each Credit Event on or after the Initial Borrowing Date being deemed to
constitute a representation and warranty that the matters specified in this
Section 7 are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Initial
Borrowing Date and on the date of each such other Credit Event (it being
understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is
made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all
material respects only as of such specified date).

                7.01    Organizational Status. Each of the Borrower and each of
its Subsidiaries (i) is a duly organized and validly existing corporation,
partnership or limited liability company, as the case may be, in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has the corporate,
partnership or limited liability company power and authority, as the case may
be, to own its property and assets and to transact the business in which it is
engaged and presently

                                      -33-
<PAGE>

proposes to engage and (iii) is duly qualified and is authorized to do business
and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the ownership, leasing or
operation of its property or the conduct of its business requires such
qualifications except for failures to be so qualified which, either individually
or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

                7.02    Power and Authority. Each Credit Party has the
corporate, partnership or limited liability company power and authority, as the
case may be, to execute, deliver and perform the terms and provisions of each of
the Documents to which it is party and has taken all necessary corporate,
partnership or limited liability company action, as the case may be, to
authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of each of such
Documents. Each Credit Party has duly executed and delivered each of the
Documents to which it is party, and each of such Documents constitutes its
legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms,
except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar
laws generally affecting creditors' rights and by equitable principles
(regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law).

                7.03    No Violation. Neither the execution, delivery or
performance by any Credit Party of the Documents to which it is a party, nor
compliance by it with the terms and provisions thereof, (i) will contravene any
provision of any law, statute, rule or regulation or any order, writ, injunction
or decree of any court or governmental instrumentality or the terms of any FCC
License or other Governmental Authorization, (ii) will conflict with or result
in any breach of any of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, or
constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of (or the
obligation to create or impose) any Lien (except pursuant to the Security
Documents, the Second-Lien Security Documents and the Third-Lien Credit
Documents) upon any of the property or assets of any Credit Party or any of its
Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust,
credit agreement or Term Loan agreement, or any other material agreement,
contract or instrument, in each case to which any Credit Party or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any its property or assets is bound or
to which it may be subject, or (iii) will violate any provision of the
certificate or articles of incorporation, certificate of formation, limited
liability company agreement or by-laws (or equivalent organizational documents),
as applicable, of any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries.

                7.04    Approvals. No order, consent, approval, license,
authorization or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with
(except for (w) those that have otherwise been obtained or made on or prior to
the Initial Borrowing Date and which remain in full force and effect on the
Initial Borrowing Date, (y) filings which are necessary to perfect the security
interests created under the Security Documents, which filings shall have been
made (or will be made within ten days of the Initial Borrowing Date), (y)
filings which are necessary to perfect the security interests created under the
Second-Lien Security Documents, which filings will be made after the filings
described in clause (x) and within ten days following the Initial Borrowing Date
and (z) filings which are necessary to perfect the security interests created
under the Third-Lien Credit Documents, which filings will be made after the
filings described in clauses (x) and (y) and within ten days of the Initial
Borrowing Date), or exemption by, any governmental or public body or authority,
or any subdivision thereof, is required to be obtained or made by, or on

                                      -34-
<PAGE>

behalf of, any Credit Party to authorize, or is required to be obtained or made
by, or on behalf of, any Credit Party in connection with, (i) the execution,
delivery and performance of any Document or (ii) the legality, validity, binding
effect or enforceability of any such Document.

                7.05    Financial Statements; Financial Condition; Undisclosed
Liabilities; Projections. (a) (i) The consolidated balance sheets of the
Borrower and its subsidiaries as at December 31, 2001, December 31, 2002,
December 31, 2003, March 31, 2004, June 30, 2004 and September 30, 2004, and the
related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and retained earnings of
the Borrower for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003 and the
six- and nine-month periods ended June 30, 2004 and September 30, 2004, copies
of which have been furnished to the Lenders prior to the Initial Borrowing Date,
present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position of
the Borrower at the dates of such balance sheets and the consolidated results of
the operations of the Borrower for the periods covered thereby. All interim
monthly or quarterly financial statements furnished to the Administrative Agent
and the Lenders prior to the Initial Borrowing Date, as the case may be, present
fairly in all material respects in accordance with GAAP the consolidated results
of the operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, for the periods covered
thereby (except, in the case of the aforementioned quarterly or monthly
financial statements, for normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of
footnotes). All of the foregoing historical financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied (except, in the case of the aforementioned quarterly or
monthly financial statements, for normal year-end audit adjustments and the
absence of footnotes).

                (ii)    The Pro Forma Financials, copies of which have been
furnished to the Lenders prior to the Initial Borrowing Date, present in all
material respects the pro forma consolidated financial position and results of
operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (after giving effect to the
Transaction) as at the dates and for the periods covered thereby.

                (b)     On and as of the Initial Borrowing Date and after giving
effect to the Transaction and to all Indebtedness (including the Term Loans and
Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Second-Lien Note Indenture and the
Third-Lien Credit Agreement) being incurred or assumed and Liens created by the
Credit Parties in connection therewith (i) the sum of the assets, at a fair
valuation, of the Borrower on a stand-alone basis and of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole will exceed their respective debts, (ii) each of
the Borrower on a stand-alone basis and the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole have not incurred and do not intend to incur, and do not believe that
they will incur, debts beyond their respective ability to pay such debts as such
debts mature, and (iii) the Borrower on a stand-alone basis and the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole will have sufficient capital with which to
conduct their respective businesses. For purposes of this Section 7.05(b),
"debt" means any liability on a claim, and "claim" means (a) right to payment,
whether or not such a right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated,
fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable,
secured, or unsecured or (b) right to an equitable remedy for breach of
performance if such breach gives rise to a payment, whether or not such right to
an equitable remedy is reduced to judgment, fixed, contingent, matured,
unmatured, disputed, undisputed, secured or unsecured. The amount of contingent
liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of
all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount
that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

                                      -35-
<PAGE>

                (c)     Except as fully disclosed in the financial statements
delivered pursuant to Section 7.05(a) there were as of the Initial Borrowing
Date no liabilities or obligations with respect to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries of any nature whatsoever (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or
otherwise and whether or not due) which, either individually or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to be material to the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries. As of the Initial Borrowing Date, the Borrower knows of no
basis for the assertion against it or any of its Subsidiaries of any liability
or obligation of any nature whatsoever that is not fully disclosed in the
financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 7.05(a) or referred to in the
immediately preceding sentence which, either individually or in the aggregate,
could reasonably be expected to be material to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries.

                (d)     The Projections delivered to the Administrative Agent
and the Lenders on or prior to the Initial Borrowing Date, as the case may be,
have been prepared in good faith and are based on reasonable assumptions, and
there are no statements or conclusions in the Projections which are based upon
or include information known to the Borrower to be misleading in any material
respect or which fail to take into account material information known to the
Borrower regarding the matters reported therein. On the Initial Borrowing Date,
the Borrower believes that the Projections are reasonable and attainable, it
being recognized by the Lenders, however, that projections as to future events
are not to be viewed as facts and that the actual results during the period or
periods covered by the Projections may differ from the projected results and
such differences may be material.

                (e)     Since December 31, 2003, there has been no changes,
events and/or occurrences that have had, or could reasonably be expected to
have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

                7.06    Litigation. There are no actions, suits or proceedings
pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened (i) with respect to the
Transaction or any Document or (ii) that could reasonably be expected, either
individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                7.07    True and Complete Disclosure. All factual information
(taken as a whole) furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower in writing to the
Administrative Agent or any Lender (including, without limitation, all
information contained in the Documents) for purposes of or in connection with
this Agreement, the other Credit Documents or any transaction contemplated
herein or therein is, and all other such factual information (taken as a whole)
hereafter furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower in writing to the
Administrative Agent or any Lender will be, true and accurate in all material
respects on the date as of which such information is dated or certified and not
incomplete by omitting to state any fact necessary to make such information
(taken as a whole) not misleading in any material respect at such time in light
of the circumstances under which such information was provided.

                7.08    Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations. (a) All proceeds of
the Term Loans will be used by the Borrower to finance, in part, the Transaction
and to pay the fees and expenses relating to the Transaction.

                                      -36-
<PAGE>

                (b)     All proceeds of any Letters of Credit will be used for
the purposes described in Section 2.01(a).

                (c)     No part of any Credit Event (or the proceeds thereof)
will be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit for the
purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock. Neither the making of any
Term Loan or the issuance of any Letter of Credit, nor the use of the proceeds
thereof nor the occurrence of any other Credit Event will violate or be
inconsistent with the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

                7.09    Tax Returns and Payments. Each of the Borrower and each
of its Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be timely filed with the
appropriate taxing authority all federal income tax and other material returns,
statements, forms and reports for taxes (the "Returns") required to be filed by,
or with respect to the income, properties or operations of, the Borrower and/or
any of its Subsidiaries. The Returns accurately reflect in all material respects
all liability for taxes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the periods
covered thereby. Each of the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has paid all
taxes and assessments payable by it which have become due, other than (i) those
that are immaterial, (ii) those being contested in good faith and adequately
disclosed and fully provided for on the financial statements of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
(iii) those discharged pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization and (iv) those
payable over time pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization (which taxes and
assessments, in the case of this clause (iv) and to the extent due in accordance
with the Plan of Reorganization, have been paid in all material respects in
accordance with the terms of the Plan of Reorganization). Except as set forth on
Schedule XII, there is no action, suit, proceeding, investigation, audit or
claim now pending or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by any
authority regarding any taxes relating to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries. Except as provided in Schedule XII, as of the Initial Borrowing
Date, neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into an
agreement or waiver or been requested to enter into an agreement or waiver
extending any statute of limitations relating to the payment or collection of
taxes of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or is aware of any
circumstances that would cause the taxable years or other taxable periods of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries not to be subject to the normally applicable
statute of limitations. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has
incurred, nor will any of them incur, any material tax liability in connection
with the Transaction or any other transactions contemplated hereby (it being
understood that the representation contained in this sentence does not cover any
future tax liabilities of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries arising as a
result of the operation of their businesses in the ordinary course of business).

                7.10    Compliance with ERISA. Schedule IV sets forth, as of the
Initial Borrowing Date, the name of each Plan. Each Plan (and each related
trust) is in substantial compliance with its terms and with all applicable laws,
including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code; each Plan (and each related
trust, if any) which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the
Code has received or timely applied for a determination letter from the Internal
Revenue Service to the effect that it meets the requirements of Sections 401(a)
and 501(a) of the Code within the preceding six years; neither the Borrower nor
any of its Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates has ever maintained or contributed
to, or had any obligation to maintain or contribute to (or borne any liability
with respect to) any "employee pension benefit plan," within the

                                      -37-
<PAGE>

meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA, that is a "multiemployer plan," within the
meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA, or that is subject to the minimum funding
standards of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA or subject to Title
IV of ERISA; neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries or ERISA
Affiliates has any obligation to maintain or contribute to (or borne any
liability with respect to) any Foreign Pension Plan; all contributions required
to be made with respect to a Plan have been timely made; neither the Borrower
nor any Subsidiary of the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any
material liability (including any indirect, contingent or secondary liability)
to or on account of a Plan pursuant to Section 409, 502(i), 502(l), 515, 4204 or
4212 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or expects to incur any such liability
under any of the foregoing sections with respect to any Plan; no condition
exists which presents a material risk to the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of incurring a liability to or on account of a
Plan pursuant to the foregoing provisions of ERISA and the Code; no action,
suit, proceeding, hearing, audit or investigation with respect to the
administration, operation or the investment of assets of any Plan (other than
routine claims for benefits) is pending, expected or, to the knowledge of the
Borrower, threatened; each group health plan (as defined in Section 607(1) of
ERISA or Section 4980B(g)(2) of the Code) which covers or has covered employees
or former employees of the Borrower, any Subsidiary of the Borrower, or any
ERISA Affiliate has at all times been operated in compliance with the provisions
of Part 6 of subtitle B of Title I of ERISA and Section 4980B of the Code,
except to the extent that any failure to comply could not reasonably be expected
to result in a material liability to the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the
Borrower; each group health plan (as defined in 45 Code of Federal Regulations
Section 160.103) which covers or has covered employees or former employees of
the Borrower, any Subsidiary of the Borrower, or any ERISA Affiliate has at all
times been operated in compliance with the provisions of the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and the regulations promulgated
thereunder, except to the extent that any failure to comply could not reasonably
be expected to result in a material liability to the Borrower or any Subsidiary
of the Borrower; no lien imposed under the Code or ERISA on the assets of the
Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate exists or is
likely to arise on account of any Plan; and the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
may cease contributions to or terminate any employee benefit plan maintained by
any of them without incurring any material liability.

                7.11    The Security Documents. (a) The provisions of the
Security Agreement are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for
the benefit of the Secured Creditors a legal, valid and enforceable security
interest in all right, title and interest of the Credit Parties in the Security
Agreement Collateral described therein, and the Collateral Agent, for the
benefit of the Secured Creditors, has (or will have within ten days of the
Initial Borrowing Date) a fully perfected security interest in all right, title
and interest in all of the Security Agreement Collateral described therein,
subject to no other Liens other than Permitted Liens. Following the recordation
of (x) the Grant of Security Interest in U.S. Patents, if applicable, and (y)
the Grant of Security Interest in U.S. Trademarks, if applicable, in the
respective form attached to the Security Agreement, in each case in the United
States Patent and Trademark Office, together with filings on Form UCC-1 made
pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors will have, as may be perfected by such filings and
recordation, a perfected security interest in the United States trademarks and
patents covered by the Security Agreement, and following the recordation of the
Grant of Security Interest in U.S. Copyrights, if applicable, in the form
attached to the Security Agreement with the United States

                                      -38-
<PAGE>

Copyright Office, together with filings on Form UCC-1 made pursuant to the
Security Agreement, the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors will have, as may be perfected by such filings and recordation, a
perfected security interest in the United States copyrights covered by the
Security Agreement.

                (b)     The security interests created under the Pledge
Agreement in favor of the Collateral Agent, as Pledgee, for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors, constitute perfected security interests in the Pledge
Agreement Collateral described in the Pledge Agreement, subject to no security
interests of any other Person. No filings or recordings are required in order to
perfect (or maintain the perfection or priority of) the security interests
created in the Pledge Agreement Collateral under the Pledge Agreement other than
with respect to that portion of the Pledge Agreement Collateral constituting a
"general intangible" under the UCC.

                (c)     Each Mortgage creates, as security for the obligations
purported to be secured thereby, a valid and enforceable perfected security
interest in and mortgage lien on the respective Mortgaged Property in favor of
the Collateral Agent (or such other trustee as may be required or desired under
local law) for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, superior and prior to the
rights of all third Persons (except that the security interest and mortgage lien
created on such Mortgaged Property may be subject to the Permitted Encumbrances
related thereto) and subject to no other Liens (other than Permitted Liens
related thereto).

                7.12    Properties. All Real Property having a fair market
value, as reasonably estimated by the Borrower, in excess of $1,000,000 that is
owned by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as of the Initial Borrowing
Date, and the nature of the interest therein, is correctly set forth in Schedule
III. Each of the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has good and indefeasible
title to all material properties owned by it, including all material property
reflected in the most recent historical balance sheets referred to in Section
7.05(a) (except as sold or otherwise disposed of since the date of such balance
sheet in the ordinary course of business or as permitted by the terms of this
Agreement), free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens.

                7.13    Capitalization. On the Initial Borrowing Date,
the authorized capital stock of the Borrower consists of 100,000,000 shares of
common stock, $0.01 par value, of which 36,020,850 shares are issued and
outstanding. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Borrower have been
duly and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.

                7.14    Subsidiaries. On and as of the Initial Borrowing Date
and after giving effect to the Transaction, the Borrower has no Subsidiaries
other than those Subsidiaries listed on Schedule V. Schedule V correctly sets
forth, as of the Initial Borrowing Date and after giving effect to the
Transaction, (i) the percentage ownership (direct and indirect) of the Borrower
in each class of capital stock or other Equity Interests of each of its
Subsidiaries and also identifies the direct owner thereof and (ii) the
jurisdiction of organization of each such Subsidiary. All outstanding shares of
capital stock or other Equity Interests of each Subsidiary have been duly and
validly issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and have been issued free of
preemptive rights. On the Initial Borrowing Date and after giving effect to the
Transaction, except as set forth on Schedule V, no Subsidiary of the Borrower
has outstanding any securities convertible into or exchangeable for its capital
stock or other Equity Interests or outstanding any right to

                                      -39-
<PAGE>

subscribe for or to purchase, or any options or warrants for the purchase of, or
any agreement providing for the issuance (contingent or otherwise) of or any
calls, commitments or claims of any character relating to, its capital stock or
other Equity Interests or any stock appreciation or similar rights.

                7.15    Compliance with Statutes, etc. Each of the Borrower and
each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable laws, statutes,
regulations and orders of, and all applicable restrictions imposed by, all
governmental bodies, domestic or foreign, in respect of the conduct of its
business, the holding of the FCC Licenses and the other Governmental
Authorizations and the ownership of its property (including, without limitation,
applicable statutes, regulations, orders and restrictions relating to
environmental standards and controls), except such noncompliances as could not,
either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

                7.16    Investment Company Act. Neither the Borrower nor any of
its Subsidiaries is an "investment company" or a company "controlled" by an
"investment company," within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended.

                7.17    Public Utility Holdings Company Act. Neither the
Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is a "holding company," or a "subsidiary
company" of a "holding company," or an "affiliate" of a "holding company" or of
a "subsidiary company" of a "holding company" within the meaning of the Public
Utility Holdings Company Act of 1935, as amended.

                7.18    Environmental Matters. (a) Each of the Borrower and each
of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and
the requirements of any permits issued under such Environmental Laws. There are
no pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened Environmental Claims
against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Real Property owned,
leased or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (including, to the
Borrower's knowledge, any such claim arising out of the ownership, lease or
operation by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any Real Property
formerly owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
but no longer owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries). There are no facts, circumstances, conditions or occurrences with
respect to the business or operations of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, or any Real Property owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries (including, to the Borrower's knowledge, any Real
Property formerly owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries but no longer owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries) or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any property adjoining
or adjacent to any such Real Property that could be reasonably expected (i) to
form the basis of an Environmental Claim against the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries or any Real Property owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) to cause any Real Property owned, leased or
operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to be subject to any
restrictions on the ownership, lease, occupancy or transferability of such Real
Property by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under any applicable
Environmental Law.

                (b)     Hazardous Materials have not at any time been generated,
used, treated or stored on, or transported to or from, or Released on or from,
any Real Property owned, leased or

                                      -40-
<PAGE>

operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the
Borrower, any property adjoining or adjacent to any Real Property, where such
generation, use, treatment, storage, transportation or Release has violated or
could be reasonably expected to violate any applicable Environmental Law or give
rise to an Environmental Claim.

                (c)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
7.18, the representations and warranties made in this Section 7.18 shall be
untrue only if the effect of any or all conditions, violations, claims,
restrictions, failures and noncompliances of the types described above could,
either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

                7.19    Labor Relations. Neither the Borrower nor any of its
Subsidiaries is engaged in any unfair labor practice that could reasonably be
expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse
Effect. There is (i) no unfair labor practice complaint pending against the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Borrower,
threatened against any of them, before the National Labor Relations Board, and
no grievance or arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any collective
bargaining agreement is so pending against the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against any of
them, (ii) no strike, labor dispute, slowdown or stoppage pending against the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Borrower,
threatened against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and (iii) no union
representation question exists with respect to the employees of the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries, except (with respect to any matter specified in clause
(i), (ii) or (iii) above, either individually or in the aggregate) such as could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                7.20    Intellectual Property, etc. Each of the Borrower and
each of its Subsidiaries owns or has the right to use all the patents,
trademarks, permits, domain names, service marks, trade names, copyrights,
licenses, franchises, inventions, trade secrets, proprietary information and
know-how of any type, whether or not written (including, but not limited to,
rights in computer programs and databases) and formulas, or rights with respect
to the foregoing, necessary for the conduct of its business (the "Business
Intellectual Property") without any known conflict with the rights of others
arising from the Borrower's or its Subsidiaries' use of the Business
Intellectual Property which, or the failure to obtain which, as the case may be,
could reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

                7.21    Indebtedness. Schedule VI sets forth a true and complete
list of all Indebtedness (including Contingent Obligations) of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries as of the Initial Borrowing Date (excluding the Term Loans, the
Letters of Credit and the Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Second-Lien Note
Indenture and the Third-Lien Credit Agreement) (the "Existing Indebtedness")
which is to remain outstanding after giving effect to the Transaction, in each
case showing the aggregate principal amount thereof and the name of the
respective borrower and any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries which
directly or indirectly guarantees such debt.

                                      -41-
<PAGE>

                7.22    Insurance. Schedule VII sets forth a true and complete
listing of all insurance maintained by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of
the Initial Borrowing Date, with the amounts insured (and any deductibles) set
forth therein.

                7.23    Representations and Warranties in Other Documents. All
representations and warranties set forth in the other Documents were true and
correct in all material respects at the time as of which such representations
and warranties were made (or deemed made) and shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the Initial Borrowing Date as if such representations or
warranties were made on and as of such date (it being understood and agreed that
any such representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified
date shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such specified
date).

                7.24    FCC Licenses and Other Governmental Authorizations. (a)
The Borrower and its Subsidiaries hold all FCC licenses, registrations and
authorizations as are necessary to the Borrower's and its Subsidiaries'
businesses (collectively, the "FCC Licenses"). Each of the FCC Licenses that is
material to the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries has been
validly issued and is in full force and effect. All FCC Licenses in effect on
the Initial Borrowing Date and their respective expiration dates are listed and
described on Schedule X. The Borrower has no knowledge of any condition imposed
by the FCC as part of any FCC License which is neither set forth on the face
thereof as issued by the FCC nor contained in the policies, rules and
regulations of the FCC applicable generally to business of the type, nature,
class or location of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. The Borrower and its
Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the terms and
conditions of the FCC Licenses applicable to it and with applicable policies,
rules and regulations of the FCC and the Communications Act of 1934, as amended
(the "Communications Act") except to the extent that any failure to comply would
not result in a Material Adverse Effect. No proceedings are pending or are, to
the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened which may reasonably be expected to
result in the revocation, rescission, modification, non-renewal or suspension of
any FCC License that is material to the business of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, the denial of any pending applications, the issuance of any cease
and desist order or the imposition of any fines, forfeitures or other
administrative actions by the FCC with respect to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries that would, if such proceedings were decided adversely to the
Borrower or the Subsidiaries, have a Material Adverse Effect. All material
reports, applications, tariffs and other documents required to be filed by the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, as appropriate, with the FCC have in all
material respects been timely filed and all such reports, applications, tariffs
and documents are true, correct and complete in all material respects. To the
knowledge of the Borrower, there are no unsatisfied or otherwise outstanding
citations, complaint proceedings, notices of liability or notices of forfeiture
issued by the FCC and received by the Borrower or a Subsidiary thereof with
respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
operations.

                (b)     In addition to the FCC Licenses issued by the FCC, the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries hold all material licenses, certificates,
registrations and authorizations issued by any other governmental entity
(domestic and foreign) necessary to operate their respective businesses for each
line of business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries requiring such
authorization and in each jurisdiction in which Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries may be deemed to be conducting their respective businesses under
applicable law (collectively, the "Governmental Authorizations"). Each of the
Governmental Authorizations has been validly issued and is in full

                                      -42-
<PAGE>

force and effect. The Governmental Authorizations as of the Initial Borrowing
Date are listed on Schedule XI, with any expiration date for any such
authorization identified on Schedule XI, with authorizations issued by state
public service or utility commissions (or analogous state authorities) listed in
Part A of Schedule XI and other Governmental Authorizations listed in Part B of
Schedule XI. None of the Governmental Authorizations contain any conditions or
limitations outside the normal course that would materially and adversely
restrict the operations of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. The Borrower
and its Subsidiaries have been and are in compliance in all respects with the
terms and conditions of the Governmental Authorizations applicable to them,
except to the extent that any failure to comply would not result in a Material
Adverse Effect. Other than the proceedings of a general nature, no proceedings
are pending or are, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened, and, to the
Borrower's knowledge, no event has occurred, which may reasonably be expected to
result in the revocation, rescission, adverse modification, non-renewal or
suspension of any Governmental Authorization that is material to the business of
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the denial of any pending applications
therefor, the issuance of any cease and desist order, or the imposition of any
material fines, forfeitures, or other administrative actions by a governmental
entity. All material reports, applications, tariffs and other documents required
to be filed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, as appropriate, with the
governmental entity issuing a Government Authorization have in all material
respects been timely filed, and all such reports, applications, tariffs and
documents are true, correct and complete in all material respects. To the
knowledge of the Borrower, there are no material unsatisfied or otherwise
outstanding citations issued by any governmental entity and received by the
Borrower or a Subsidiary thereof with respect to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries. Schedule XI separately lists all pending applications for
certificates or other authorizations from any state public service or utility
commission (or analogous state authority).

                (c)     The transactions contemplated herein, under applicable
law (including the Communications Act) and the applicable policies, rules,
regulations and practices of the FCC and other governmental entities, would not
disqualify the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as an assignee or transferee
of the FCC Licenses or the Governmental Authorizations or result in the
imposition of any materially adverse condition on or modification of the FCC
Licenses or the Governmental Authorizations.

                7.25    Intercreditor Agreement. Assuming that the Intercreditor
Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the parties
thereto (other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries), the Intercreditor
Agreement is enforceable against the parties thereto (and the Creditors as
defined therein) in accordance with its terms.

                7.26    Certain Agreements. (a) Neither the Borrower nor any of
its Subsidiaries is a party to any agreement or instrument or subject to any
corporate, partnership or limited liability company restriction, as the case may
be, that, either individually or in the aggregate, has resulted or could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

                (b)     Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is in
default in any manner under any provision of any indenture or other agreement or
instrument evidencing Indebtedness, or any other material agreement or
instrument to which it is a party or by which it

                                      -43-
<PAGE>

or any of its properties or assets are or may be bound, if such default, either
individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

                7.27    RCN International. RCN International is a Delaware
corporation which has no significant assets or material liabilities except as
permitted in accordance with the relevant provisions of Section 9.16(b).

                SECTION 8. Affirmative Covenants. The Borrower hereby covenants
and agrees that on and after the Effective Date and until the Total Commitment
and all Letters of Credit have terminated and the Term Loans, Term Notes and
Unpaid Drawings (in each case together with interest thereon), Fees and all
other Obligations (other than indemnities described in Section 13.13 which are
not then due and payable) incurred hereunder and thereunder, are paid in full:

                8.01    Information Covenants. The Borrower will furnish to each
Lender:

                (a)     Monthly Reports. Within 30 days after the end of each
fiscal month (except for a fiscal month that is the last month of a quarterly
accounting period for which financial statements are delivered pursuant to
Section 8.01(b)) of the Borrower (commencing with its fiscal month ending on
January 31, 2005), the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal month and the related consolidated
statements of income and retained earnings and statement of cash flows for such
fiscal month and for the elapsed portion of the fiscal year ended with the last
day of such fiscal month, in each case setting forth comparative figures (to the
extent possible after giving effect to changes in the Borrower's accounting
principles and procedures) for the corresponding fiscal month in the prior
fiscal year and comparable budgeted figures for such fiscal month as set forth
in the respective budget delivered pursuant to Section 8.01(e), all of which
shall be certified by an Authorized Representative of the Borrower that they
fairly present in all material respects in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles the financial condition of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the results of their operations for
the periods indicated, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the
absence of footnotes; provided, however, that for the fiscal months ended
January 31, 2005 and February 28, 2005, the Borrower will only be required to
furnish to each Lender statements of cash and debt balances and a flash income
statement, in each case, on a consolidated basis for the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries.

                (b)     Quarterly Financial Statements. Within 45 days (or 75
days in the case of the first quarterly accounting period of the Borrower in the
fiscal year 2005) after the close of each of the first three quarterly
accounting periods in each fiscal year of the Borrower (i) the consolidated
balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such
quarterly accounting period and the related consolidated statements of income
and retained earnings and statement of cash flows for such quarterly accounting
period and for the elapsed portion of the fiscal year ended with the last day of
such quarterly accounting period, in each case setting forth comparative figures
(to the extent possible after giving effect to changes in the Borrower's
accounting principles and procedures) for the corresponding quarterly accounting
period in the prior fiscal year and comparable budgeted figures for such
quarterly accounting period as set forth in the respective budget delivered
pursuant to Section 8.01(e), all of which shall be certified by Authorized
Representative of the Borrower that they fairly present in all material respects

                                      -44-
<PAGE>

in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles the financial
condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates indicated and the
results of their operations for the periods indicated, subject to normal
year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes, and (ii) management's
discussion and analysis of the important operational and financial developments
during such quarterly accounting period, in each case without any material
qualifications with respect thereto.

                (c)     Annual Financial Statements. Within 90 days after the
close of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or by April 30, 2005 in the case of
the fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31, 2004), (i) the consolidated
balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal
year and the related consolidated statements of income and retained earnings and
statement of cash flows for such fiscal year setting forth (commencing with the
Borrower's fiscal year ended closest to December 31, 2005) comparative figures
for the preceding fiscal year and certified (without any "going concern" or
other qualification or exception) by Friedman LLP or other independent certified
public accountants of recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent, together with a report of such accounting firm stating
that in the course of its regular audit of the financial statements of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, which audit was conducted in accordance with
generally accepted auditing standards, such accounting firm obtained no
knowledge of any Default or an Event of Default relating to financial or
accounting matters which has occurred and is continuing or, if in the opinion of
such accounting firm such a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, a statement as to the nature thereof, and (ii) management's
discussion and analysis of the important operational and financial developments
during such fiscal year.

                (d)     Management Letters. Promptly after the Borrower's or any
of its Subsidiaries' receipt thereof, a copy of any "management letter" received
from its certified public accountants and management's response thereto.

                (e)     Budgets. Commencing with the fiscal year of the Borrower
ending December 31, 2005, no later than 30 days following the first day of each
fiscal year of the Borrower, a budget in form reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent (including budgeted statements of income, cash flow
statements and balance sheets for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis) (i) for each of the twelve months of such fiscal year
prepared in detail and (ii) for the immediately succeeding fiscal year prepared
in summary form, in each case setting forth, with appropriate discussion, the
principal assumptions upon which such budget is based.

                (f)     Officer's Certificates. At the time of the delivery of
the financial statements provided for in Sections 8.01(b) and (c), a compliance
certificate from the chief financial officer of the Borrower in the form of
Exhibit K certifying on behalf of the Borrower that, to such officer's knowledge
after due inquiry, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
or, if any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
specifying the nature and extent thereof, which certificate shall (i) set forth
in reasonable detail the calculations required to establish whether the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries were in compliance with the provisions of Sections 4.02(e),
4.02(g), 9.01(x), 9.01(xii), 9.01(xvii), 9.02(iv), 9.02(xvi), 9.03, 9.04,
9.05(v), 9.05(xi), 9.07 through 9.09, inclusive, and 9.11, as well as the
Adjusted Leverage Ratio (to be used in determining the Applicable Margin), in
each case,

                                      -45-
<PAGE>

at the end of such fiscal quarter or year, as the case may be, (ii) if delivered
with the financial statements required by Section 8.01(c), set forth in
reasonable detail (and the calculations required to establish) the amount of
Excess Cash Flow and the Applicable ECF Percentage for the respective Excess
Cash Payment Period, and (iii) certify that there have been no changes to
Annexes C through F, and Annexes I through K, in each case of the Security
Agreement and Annexes A through F of the Pledge Agreement, in each case since
the Initial Borrowing Date or, if later, since the date of the most recent
certificate delivered pursuant to this Section 8.01(f), or if there have been
any such changes, a list in reasonable detail of such changes, and whether the
Borrower and the other Credit Parties have otherwise taken all actions required
to be taken by them pursuant to such Security Documents in connection with any
such changes.

                (g)     Notice of Default, Litigation and Material Adverse
Effect. Promptly, and in any event within three Business Days after any officer
of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries obtains knowledge thereof, notice of
(i) the occurrence of any event which constitutes a Default or an Event of
Default, (ii) any litigation or governmental investigation or proceeding pending
against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (x) which, either individually
or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect or (y) with respect to any Document, or (iii) any other event, change or
circumstance that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect.

                (h)     Other Reports and Filings. Promptly after the filing or
delivery thereof, copies of all financial information, proxy materials and
reports, if any, which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall publicly
file with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto (the
"SEC") or deliver to holders (or any trustee, agent or other representative
therefor) of its material Indebtedness (including the Second-Lien Note Indenture
and the Third-Lien Credit Agreement) pursuant to the terms of the documentation
governing such Indebtedness. The Borrower shall deliver an opinion of counsel
covering the security interests granted pursuant to the Security Documents (in
substantially the same form, and from the same counsel, required by the
Second-Lien Note Indenture, but covering the Security Documents and the security
interests created pursuant thereto rather than the security documents
constituting Second-Lien Note Documents) contemporaneously with the delivery of
any similar opinion to the trustee under the Second-Lien Note Indenture pursuant
to Section 4.4 thereof so long as such an opinion is required to be delivered
pursuant to the Second-Lien Note Indenture or any related document.

                (i)     Environmental Matters. Promptly after any officer of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries obtains knowledge thereof, notice of one or
more of the following environmental matters to the extent that such
environmental matters, either individually or when aggregated with all other
such environmental matters, could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect:

                (i)     any pending or threatened Environmental Claim against
        the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Real Property owned,
        leased or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;

                (ii)    any condition or occurrence on or arising from any Real
        Property owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of its
        Subsidiaries that (a) results in

                                      -46-
<PAGE>

        noncompliance by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with any
        applicable Environmental Law or (b) could reasonably be expected to form
        the basis of an Environmental Claim against the Borrower or any of its
        Subsidiaries or any such Real Property;

                (iii)   any condition or occurrence on any Real Property owned,
        leased or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that could
        reasonably be expected to cause such Real Property to be subject to any
        restrictions on the ownership, lease, occupancy, use or transferability
        by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of such Real Property under
        any Environmental Law; and

                (iv)    the taking of any removal or remedial action in response
        to the actual or alleged presence of any Hazardous Material on any Real
        Property owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of its
        Subsidiaries as required by any Environmental Law or any governmental or
        other administrative agency; provided that in any event the Borrower
        shall deliver to each Lender all notices received by the Borrower or any
        of its Subsidiaries from any government or governmental agency under, or
        pursuant to, CERCLA which identify the Borrower or any of its
        Subsidiaries as potentially responsible parties for remediation costs or
        which otherwise notify the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of
        potential liability under CERCLA.

All such notices shall describe in reasonable detail the nature of the claim,
investigation, condition, occurrence or removal or remedial action and the
Borrower's or such Subsidiary's response thereto.

                (j)     Other Information. From time to time, such other
information or documents (financial or otherwise) with respect to the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through
the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request.

                8.02    Books, Records and Inspections; Annual Meetings. (a) The
Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of
record and accounts in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles and all requirements of law shall be
made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and
activities. The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to,
permit officers and designated representatives of the Administrative Agent or
any Lender to visit and inspect, under guidance of officers of the Borrower or
such Subsidiary, any of the properties of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, and
to examine the books of account of the Borrower or such Subsidiary and discuss
the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower or such Subsidiary with, and
be advised as to the same by, its and their officers and independent
accountants, all upon reasonable prior notice and at such reasonable times and
intervals and to such reasonable extent as the Administrative Agent or any such
Lender may reasonably request; provided, that unless an Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing, such visit and inspection by any Lender shall
occur no more than one time per year.

                (b)     At a date to be mutually agreed upon between the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower occurring on or prior to the 120th day
after the close of each fiscal year of the Borrower, the Borrower will, at the
request of the Administrative Agent, hold a meeting with all

                                      -47-
<PAGE>

of the Lenders at which meeting will be reviewed the financial results of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the previous fiscal year and the budgets
presented for the current fiscal year of the Borrower.

                8.03    Maintenance of Property; Insurance. (a) The Borrower
will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) keep all property
necessary to the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in good working
order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, (ii) maintain with
financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all such
property and against all such risks as is consistent and in accordance with
industry practice for companies similarly situated owning similar properties and
engaged in similar businesses as the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and (iii)
furnish to the Administrative Agent, upon its request therefor, full information
as to the insurance carried. In addition to the requirements of the immediately
preceding sentence, the Borrower will at all times cause insurance of the types
described in Schedule VII to be maintained (with the same scope of coverage as
that described in Schedule VII) at levels which are consistent with their
practices immediately before the Initial Borrowing Date. Such insurance shall
include physical damage insurance on all real and personal property (whether now
owned or hereafter acquired) on an all risk basis and business interruption
insurance. The provisions of this Section 8.03 shall be deemed supplemental to,
but not duplicative of, the provisions of any Security Documents that require
the maintenance of insurance.

                (b)     The Borrower will, and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries to, at all times keep its property insured in favor of the
Collateral Agent, and all policies or certificates (or certified copies thereof)
with respect to such insurance (and any other insurance maintained by the
Borrower and/or such Subsidiaries to the extent reasonably requested by the
Collateral Agent) (i) shall be endorsed to the Collateral Agent's satisfaction
for the benefit of the Collateral Agent (including, without limitation, by
naming the Collateral Agent as loss payee and/or additional insured), (ii) shall
state that such insurance policies shall not be canceled without at least 30
days' prior written notice thereof by the respective insurer to the Collateral
Agent, (iii) shall provide that the respective insurers irrevocably waive any
and all rights of subrogation with respect to the Collateral Agent and the other
Secured Creditors, and (iv) shall be deposited with the Collateral Agent.

                (c)     If the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to
maintain insurance in accordance with this Section 8.03, or if the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to so endorse and deposit all policies or
certificates with respect thereto, the Administrative Agent shall have the right
(but shall be under no obligation) to procure such insurance and the Borrower
agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent for all reasonable costs and
expenses of procuring such insurance.

                8.04    Existence; Franchises. The Borrower will, and will cause
each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done, all things necessary to
preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence and its material
rights, franchises, licenses, permits, copyrights, trademarks and patents;
provided, however, that nothing in this Section 8.04 shall prevent (i) sales of
assets and other transactions by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in
accordance with Section 9.02 or (ii) the withdrawal by the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries of its qualification as a foreign corporation, partnership or
limited liability company, as the case may be, in any jurisdiction if

                                      -48-
<PAGE>

such withdrawal could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                8.05    Compliance with Statutes, etc. The Borrower will, and
will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with all applicable statutes,
regulations and orders of, and all applicable restrictions imposed by, all
governmental bodies, domestic or foreign, in respect of the conduct of its
business and the ownership of its property (including applicable statutes,
regulations, orders and restrictions relating to environmental standards and
controls), except such noncompliances as could not, either individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                8.06    Compliance with Environmental Laws. (a) The Borrower
will comply, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all
Environmental Laws and permits applicable to, or required by, the ownership,
lease or use of its Real Property now or hereafter owned, leased or operated by
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except such noncompliances as could
not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, and will promptly pay or cause to be paid all costs and
expenses incurred in connection with such compliance, and will keep or cause to
be kept all such Real Property free and clear of any Liens imposed pursuant to
such Environmental Laws. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries will
generate, use, treat, store, Release or dispose of, or permit the generation,
use, treatment, storage, Release or disposal of Hazardous Materials on any Real
Property now or hereafter owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries, or transport or permit the transportation of Hazardous
Materials to or from any such Real Property, except for Hazardous Materials
generated, used, treated, stored, Released or disposed of at any such Real
Properties in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
Environmental Laws and as required in connection with the normal operation, use
and maintenance of the business or operations of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries.

                (b)     (i) After the receipt by the Administrative Agent or any
Lender of any notice of the type described in Section 8.01(i), (ii) at any time
that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are not in compliance with Section
8.06(a) or (iii) in the event that the Administrative Agent or the Lenders have
exercised any of the remedies pursuant to the last paragraph of Section 10, the
Borrower will (in each case) provide, at the sole expense of the Borrower and at
the request of the Administrative Agent, an environmental site assessment report
concerning any Real Property owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries, prepared by an environmental consulting firm reasonably
approved by the Administrative Agent, indicating the presence or absence of
Hazardous Materials and the potential cost of any removal or remedial action in
connection with such Hazardous Materials on such Real Property. If the Borrower
fails to provide the same within 30 days after such request was made, the
Administrative Agent may order the same, the cost of which shall be borne by the
Borrower, and the Borrower shall grant, and hereby grants, to the Administrative
Agent and the Lenders and their respective agents access to such Real Property
and specifically grants the Administrative Agent and the Lenders an irrevocable
non-exclusive license, subject to the rights of tenants, to undertake such an
assessment at any reasonable time upon reasonable notice to the Borrower, all at
the sole expense of the Borrower.

                                      -49-
<PAGE>

                8.07    ERISA. As soon as possible and, in any event, within ten
(10) days after the Borrower, any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any ERISA
Affiliate knows or has reason to know of the occurrence of any of the following,
the Borrower will deliver to each of the Lenders a certificate of the chief
financial officer or the vice president-finance of the Borrower setting forth
the full details as to such occurrence and the action, if any, that the
Borrower, such Subsidiary or such ERISA Affiliate is required or proposes to
take, together with any notices required or proposed to be given or filed by the
Borrower, such Subsidiary, the Plan administrator or such ERISA Affiliate to or
with the PBGC or any other governmental agency, or a Plan participant and any
notices received by the Borrower, such Subsidiary or such ERISA Affiliate from
the PBGC or any other government agency, or a Plan participant with respect
thereto: that a Reportable Event has occurred (except to the extent that the
Borrower has previously delivered to the Lenders a certificate and notices (if
any) concerning such event pursuant to the next clause hereof); that a
contributing sponsor (as defined in Section 4001(a)(13) of ERISA) of a Plan
subject to Title IV of ERISA is subject to the advance reporting requirement of
PBGC Regulation Section 4043.61 (without regard to subparagraph (b)(1) thereof),
and an event described in subsection .62, .63, .64, .65 (unless notice is waived
under .65), .66, .67 or .68 of PBGC Regulation Section 4043 is reasonably
expected to occur with respect to such Plan within the following 30 days; that
an accumulated funding deficiency, within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code
or Section 302 of ERISA, has been incurred or an application may be or has been
made for a waiver or modification of the minimum funding standard (including any
required installment payments) or an extension of any amortization period under
Section 412 of the Code or Section 303 or 304 of ERISA with respect to a Plan;
that any contribution required to be made with respect to a Plan or Foreign
Pension Plan has not been timely made; that a Plan has been or may be
terminated, reorganized, partitioned or declared insolvent under Title IV of
ERISA; that a Plan has an Unfunded Current Liability; that proceedings may be or
have been instituted to terminate or appoint a trustee to administer a Plan
which is subject to Title IV of ERISA; that a proceeding has been instituted
pursuant to Section 515 of ERISA to collect a delinquent contribution to a Plan;
that the Borrower, any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate will or
may incur any liability (including any indirect, contingent, or secondary
liability) to or on account of the termination of or withdrawal from a Plan
under Section 4062, 4063, 4064, 4069, 4201, 4204 or 4212 of ERISA or with
respect to a Plan under Section 401(a)(29), 4971, 4975 or 4980 of the Code or
Section 409, 502(i) or 502(l) of ERISA; that the Borrower, any Subsidiary of the
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate will or could reasonably be expected to incur
any material liability with respect to a group health plan (as defined in
Section 607(1) of ERISA or Section 4980B(g)(2) of the Code) under Section 4980B
of the Code; or that the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower is
reasonably expected to incur material liability pursuant to any employee welfare
benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) that provides benefits to
retired employees or other former employees (other than as required by Section
601 of ERISA) or any Plan or any Foreign Pension Plan. The Borrower will deliver
to each of the Lenders copies of any records, documents or other information
that must be furnished to the PBGC with respect to any Plan pursuant to Section
4010 of ERISA. The Borrower will also deliver to each of the Lenders a complete
copy of the annual report (on Internal Revenue Service Form 5500-series) of each
Plan (including, to the extent required, the related financial and actuarial
statements and opinions and other supporting statements, certifications,
schedules and information) required to be filed with the Internal Revenue
Service. In addition to any certificates or notices delivered to the Lenders
pursuant to the first sentence hereof, copies of

                                      -50-
<PAGE>

annual reports and any records, documents or other information required to be
furnished to the PBGC or any other governmental agency, and any material notices
received by the Borrower, any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate
with respect to any Plan or Foreign Pension Plan or received from any
governmental agency or plan administrator or sponsor or trustee with respect to
any multiemployer plan (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA), shall be
delivered to the Lenders no later than ten (10) days after the date such annual
report has been filed with the Internal Revenue Service or such records,
documents and/or information has been furnished to the PBGC or any other
governmental agency or such notice has been received by the Borrower, the
respective Subsidiary or the ERISA Affiliate, as applicable. The Borrower will
ensure, and cause each of its applicable Subsidiaries to ensure, that all
Foreign Pension Plans administered by it or into which it makes payments obtains
or retains (as applicable) registered status under and as required by applicable
law and is administered in a timely manner in all respects in compliance with
all applicable laws except where the failure to do any of the foregoing could
not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. If, at any time after the Initial Borrowing Date, the
Borrower, any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate maintains, or
contributes to (or incurs an obligation to contribute to), a pension plan as
defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA which is not set forth in Schedule IV, as may
be updated from time to time, then the Borrower shall deliver to the Lenders an
updated Schedule IV as soon as possible and, in any event, within ten (10) days
after the Borrower, such Subsidiary or such ERISA Affiliate maintains, or
contributes to (or incurs an obligation to contribute to), such pension plan.
Such updated Schedule IV shall supersede and replaced the existing Schedule IV.

                8.08    End of Fiscal Years; Fiscal Quarters. The Borrower will
cause (i) each of its, and each of its Subsidiaries', fiscal years to end on
December 31 of each year and (ii) each of its, and each of its Subsidiaries',
fiscal quarters to end on dates which are consistent with a fiscal year end as
described above.

                8.09    Performance of Obligations. The Borrower will, and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, perform all of its obligations under the
terms of each mortgage, indenture, security agreement, loan agreement or credit
agreement and each other agreement, contract or instrument by which it is bound,
except such non-performances as could not, either individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                8.10    Payment of Taxes. The Borrower will pay and discharge,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay and discharge, all material
taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon
its income or profits or upon any properties belonging to it, in each case on a
timely basis, and all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would or would reasonably
be expected to, become a Lien or charge upon any properties of the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries not otherwise permitted under Section 9.01(i); provided
that neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay
any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim which is being contested in good
faith and by proper proceedings if it has maintained adequate reserves with
respect thereto in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

                8.11    Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will use the proceeds of
the Term Loans only as provided in Section 7.08.

                                      -51-
<PAGE>

                8.12    Additional Security; Further Assurances; etc. (a) The
Borrower will, and will cause each of the other Credit Parties that are
Subsidiaries of the Borrower to, grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit
of the Secured Creditors Security Interests and Mortgages in such assets,
properties and owned real properties having a fair market value, as reasonably
estimated by the Borrower, in excess of $1,000,000 (other than the New Jersey
Property except as set forth below) of the Borrower and such other Credit
Parties that are Subsidiaries of the Borrower as are not covered by the original
Security Documents and as may be reasonably requested from time to time by the
Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (collectively, the "Additional
Security Documents"); provided that the Credit Parties shall not be required to
grant Liens on assets that are subject to express exclusions in the Security
Documents until (and then to the extent) such exclusions are no longer
applicable; provided, further that RCN Telecom Services, Inc. shall be required
pursuant to the provisions of this Section 8.12 to grant to the Collateral Agent
for the benefit of the Secured Creditors a Mortgage in the New Jersey Property
on or prior to June 30, 2005 unless the New Jersey Property has otherwise been
sold in accordance with Section 9.02(xvix) on or prior to June 30, 2005. All
such security interests and Mortgages shall be granted pursuant to documentation
reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent and
shall constitute valid and enforceable perfected security interests and
Mortgages superior to and prior to the rights of all third Persons and subject
to no other Liens except for Permitted Liens. The Additional Security Documents
or instruments related thereto shall have been duly recorded or filed in such
manner and in such places as are required by law to establish, perfect, preserve
and protect the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent required to be granted
pursuant to the Additional Security Documents and all taxes, fees and other
charges payable in connection therewith shall have been paid in full. The
Borrower shall make arrangements to ensure that all such recordations and
filings made pursuant to this Section 8.12 or any of the Security Documents or
Additional Security Documents are made at least one Business Day before any
equivalent recordations or filings are made pursuant to the Second-Lien Note
Documents or the Third-Lien Credit Documents.

                (b)     The Borrower will, and will cause each of the other
Credit Parties that are Subsidiaries of the Borrower to, at the expense of the
Borrower and the Credit Parties, make, execute, endorse, acknowledge, file
and/or deliver to the Collateral Agent from time to time such vouchers,
invoices, schedules, confirmatory assignments, conveyances, financing
statements, transfer endorsements, powers of attorney, certificates, real
property surveys, reports, landlord waivers, bailee agreements, control
agreements and other assurances or instruments and take such further steps
relating to the Collateral covered by any of the Security Documents as the
Collateral Agent may reasonably require. Furthermore, the Borrower will, and
will cause the other Credit Parties that are Subsidiaries of the Borrower to,
deliver to the Collateral Agent such opinions of counsel, title insurance and
other related documents as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative
Agent to assure itself that this Section 8.12 has been complied with.

                (c)     If the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders
reasonably determine that they are required by law or regulation to have
appraisals prepared in respect of any Real Property of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries constituting Collateral, the Borrower and the Borrower will, at
their own expense, provide to the Administrative Agent appraisals which satisfy
the applicable requirements of the Real Estate Appraisal Reform Amendments of
the Financial Institution Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, as
amended, and which shall otherwise be in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

                                      -52-
<PAGE>

                (d)     The Borrower and the Borrower agree that each action
required by clauses (a) through (c) of this Section 8.12 shall be completed as
soon as possible, but in no event later than 60 days after such action is
requested to be taken by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders;
provided that, in no event will the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries be
required to take any action, other than using its commercially reasonable
efforts, to obtain consents from third parties with respect to its compliance
with this Section 8.12.

                8.13    Ownership of Subsidiaries; etc. The Borrower will, and
will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, own 100% of the capital stock and other
Equity Interests of each of their Subsidiaries (other than directors' qualifying
shares to the extent required by applicable law); provided that the foregoing
shall not prohibit (x) Starpower from being a Non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary prior
to the consummation of the Starpower Acquisition as required by following
Section 8.15 or (y) the Borrower and/or its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries owning
Equity Interests in any Non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary acquired after the Initial
Borrowing Date so long as all Investments therein made by the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries are justified pursuant to clause (xi) of Section 9.05.

                8.14    Corporate Separateness. The Borrower will, and will
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, satisfy customary corporate formalities,
including, as applicable, the holding of regular board of directors' and
shareholders' meetings or action by directors or shareholders without a meeting
and the maintenance of corporate offices and records. Neither the Borrower nor
any of its Subsidiaries shall take any action, or conduct its affairs in a
manner, which is likely to result in the corporate existence of the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries being ignored, or in the assets and liabilities of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries being substantively consolidated with those
of any other such Person in a bankruptcy, reorganization or other insolvency
proceeding.

                8.15    Starpower Acquisition. The Borrower shall consummate the
Starpower Acquisition within 2 Business Days of the Initial Borrowing Date.
Concurrently with consummation of the Starpower Acquisition, Starpower shall
become a Subsidiary Guarantor and shall execute and deliver such Security
Documents and take such other actions, as it would have taken on the Initial
Borrowing Date had it been a Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary which was at such
time a Credit Party, all to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative
Agent.

                8.16    Third-Lien Credit Agreement. The Borrower shall pay
interest under the Third-Lien Credit Agreement in-kind (or through the
capitalization of interest in accordance with the terms of the Third-Lien Credit
Agreement) and not in cash to the maximum extent permitted under the Third-Lien
Credit Agreement. The Borrower shall cause the outstanding Indebtedness under
the Third-Lien Credit Agreement to not exceed at any time an amount equal to
$38,500,000 plus any increase in the principal amount thereof resulting from the
payment-in-kind, or capitalization, of interest thereon as contemplated above.

                8.17    Permitted Acquisitions. (a) Subject to the provisions of
this Section 8.17 and the requirements contained in the definition of Permitted
Acquisition, the Borrower and each Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the
Borrower which is a Subsidiary Guarantor may from time to time after January 1,
2005 effect Permitted Acquisitions, so long as (in each case except

                                      -53-
<PAGE>

to the extent the Required Lenders otherwise specifically agree in writing in
the case of a specific Permitted Acquisition): (i) no Default or Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of the consummation of
the proposed Permitted Acquisition or immediately after giving effect thereto;
(ii) the Borrower shall have given to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
at least 10 Business Days' prior written notice of any Permitted Acquisition (or
such shorter period of time as may be reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent), which notice shall describe in reasonable detail the
principal terms and conditions of such Permitted Acquisition; (iii) calculations
are made by the Borrower with respect to the financial covenants contained in
Sections 9.08 through 9.11, inclusive, for the respective Calculation Period on
a Pro Forma Basis as if the respective Permitted Acquisition (as well as all
other Permitted Acquisitions and Material Asset Sales theretofore consummated
after the first day of such Calculation Period) had occurred on the first day of
such Calculation Period, and such calculations shall show that such financial
covenants would have been complied with if the Permitted Acquisition had
occurred on the first day of such Calculation Period; (iv) based on good faith
projections prepared by the Borrower for the period from the date of the
consummation of the respective Permitted Acquisition to the date which is one
year thereafter, the level of financial performance measured by the financial
covenants set forth in Sections 9.08 through 9.11, inclusive, shall be better
than or equal to such level as would be required to provide that no Default or
Event of Default would exist under the financial covenants contained in such
Sections 9.08 through 9.11, inclusive, as compliance with such financial
covenants would be required through the date which is one year from the date of
the consummation of the respective Permitted Acquisition; (v) all
representations and warranties contained herein and in the other Credit
Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects with the same
effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of
the date of such Permitted Acquisition (both before and after giving effect
thereto), unless stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such
representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of such earlier date; (vi) the aggregate consideration (including,
without limitation, (I) the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness
assumed, refinanced, incurred or issued in connection therewith and (II) the
aggregate amount paid and reasonably expected to be paid (based on good faith
projections prepared by the Borrower) pursuant to any non-compete, consulting or
purchase price adjustments) payable for the proposed Permitted Acquisition, when
added to the aggregate consideration paid or payable for all other Permitted
Acquisitions effected after January 1, 2005, does not exceed the Permitted
Acquisition Amount (as determined at the time the respective Permitted
Acquisition is consummated and after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma
Basis); (vii) the aggregate amount of deferred compensation or other deferred
purchase price (including any earn-outs) paid in any fiscal year of the Borrower
in respect of all Permitted Acquisitions (whether or not such Permitted
Acquisitions were consummated during such fiscal year) shall not exceed
$1,000,000 (it being understood and agreed, however, that any such deferred
compensation or other deferred purchase price (including any earn-outs) shall be
structured as a multiple of the excess of the cash flow of the Acquired Entity
or Business that is the subject of the respective Permitted Acquisition for the
most recently ended 12-month period above the cash flow for such Acquired Entity
or Business for such 12-month period selected to determine the purchase price
for such Permitted Acquisition); and (viii) the Borrower shall have delivered to
the Administrative Agent and each Lender a certificate executed by its chief
financial officer, certifying to the best of such officer's knowledge,
compliance with the requirements of preceding clauses (i) through (vii),
inclusive,

                                      -54-
<PAGE>

and containing the calculations (in reasonable detail) required by preceding
clauses (iii), (iv), (vi) and (vii).

                (b)     At the time of each Permitted Acquisition involving the
creation or acquisition of a Subsidiary, or the acquisition of capital stock or
other Equity Interest of any Person, the capital stock or other Equity Interests
thereof created or acquired in connection with such Permitted Acquisition shall
be pledged for the benefit of the Secured Creditors pursuant to (and to the
extent required by) the Pledge Agreement.

                (c)     The Borrower will cause each Subsidiary which is formed
to effect, or is acquired pursuant to, a Permitted Acquisition to comply with,
and to execute and deliver all of the documentation as and to the extent
required by, Sections 8.12 and 9.19, to the reasonable satisfaction of the
Administrative Agent.

                (d)     The consummation of each Permitted Acquisition shall be
deemed to be a representation and warranty by each of the Borrower and the
Borrower that the certifications pursuant to this Section 8.15 are true and
correct and that all conditions thereto have been satisfied and that same is
permitted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, which representation
and warranty shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty for all
purposes hereunder, including, without limitation, Sections 7 and 10.

                8.18    Ratings. The Borrower shall at all times maintain a
senior secured financing rating (of any level) from Moody's with respect to the
Loans.

                8.19    RCN International/Megacable Entities. The Borrower shall
at all times cause all of the Equity Interests of the Megacable Entities which
are owned by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to be directly owned by RCN
International.

                SECTION 9. Negative Covenants. The Borrower hereby covenants and
agrees that on and after the Effective Date and until the Total Commitment and
all Letters of Credit have terminated and the Term Loans, Term Notes and Unpaid
Drawings (in each case, together with interest thereon), Fees and all other
Obligations (other than any indemnities described in Section 13.13 which are not
then due and payable) incurred hereunder and thereunder, are paid in full:

                9.01    Liens. The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of
its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon or
with respect to any property or assets (real or personal, tangible or
intangible) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, or sell any such property or assets subject to an
understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to repurchase such property
or assets (including sales of accounts receivable with recourse to the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries), or assign any right to receive income or consent to
the filing of any financing statement under the UCC or any other similar notice
of Lien under any similar recording or notice statute; provided that the
provisions of this Section 9.01 shall not prevent the creation, incurrence,
assumption or existence of the following (Liens described below are herein
referred to as "Permitted Liens"):

                (i)     inchoate Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental
        charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments or
        governmental charges or levies being

                                      -55-
<PAGE>

        contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which
        adequate reserves have been established in accordance with generally
        accepted accounting principles;

                (ii)    Liens in respect of property or assets of the Borrower
        or any of its Subsidiaries imposed by law, which were incurred in the
        ordinary course of business and do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed
        money, such as carriers', warehousemen's, materialmen's and mechanics'
        liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of
        business, and (x) which do not in the aggregate materially detract from
        the value of the Borrower's or such Subsidiary's property or assets or
        materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of
        the Borrower or such Subsidiary or (y) which are being contested in good
        faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of
        preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to
        any such Lien;

                (iii)   Liens in existence on the Initial Borrowing Date which
        are listed, and the property subject thereto described, in Schedule
        VIII, but only to the respective date, if any, set forth in such
        Schedule VIII for the removal, replacement and termination of any such
        Liens, plus renewals, replacements and extensions of such Liens to the
        extent set forth on such Schedule VIII, provided that (x) the aggregate
        principal amount of the Indebtedness, if any, secured by such Liens does
        not increase from that amount outstanding at the time of any such
        renewal, replacement or extension and (y) any such renewal, replacement
        or extension does not encumber any additional assets or properties of
        the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;

                (iv)    Liens created by or pursuant to (x) this Agreement and
        the Security Documents, (y) the Second-Lien Note Documents and the
        Third-Lien Credit Documents, so long as the Liens created pursuant to
        the Second-Lien Note Documents and the Third-Lien Credit Documents are
        limited to assets constituting Collateral (or in the case of the
        Third-Lien Credit Documents, Collateral of the Borrower) pursuant to the
        Security Documents and are at all times subordinated to the Liens
        pursuant to the Security Documents on the terms provided in the
        Intercreditor Agreement;

                (v)     licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted to
        other Persons not materially interfering with the conduct of the
        business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;

                (vi)    Liens upon assets of the Borrower or any of its
        Subsidiaries subject to Capitalized Lease Obligations to the extent such
        Capitalized Lease Obligations are permitted by Section 9.04(iii),
        provided that (x) such Liens only serve to secure the payment of
        Indebtedness arising under such Capitalized Lease Obligation and (y) the
        Lien encumbering the asset giving rise to the Capitalized Lease
        Obligation does not encumber any asset of the Borrower or any other
        asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower;

                (vii)   Liens placed upon equipment or machinery acquired after
        the Initial Borrowing Date and used in the ordinary course of business
        of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and placed at the time of the
        acquisition thereof by the Borrower or such Subsidiary or within 180
        days thereafter to secure Indebtedness incurred to pay all or a

                                      -56-
<PAGE>

        portion of the purchase price thereof or to secure Indebtedness incurred
        solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of any such
        equipment or machinery or extensions, renewals or replacements of any of
        the foregoing for the same or a lesser amount, provided that (x) the
        Indebtedness secured by such Liens is permitted by Section 9.04(iii) and
        (y) in all events, the Lien encumbering the equipment or machinery so
        acquired does not encumber any asset of the Borrower or any other asset
        of the Borrower or such Subsidiary;

                (viii)  easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments
        and other similar charges or encumbrances, and minor title deficiencies,
        in each case not securing Indebtedness and not materially interfering
        with the conduct of the business of the Borrower or any of its
        Subsidiaries;

                (ix)    Liens arising from precautionary UCC financing statement
        filings regarding operating leases entered into in the ordinary course
        of business;

                (x)     Liens arising out of the existence of judgments or
        awards in respect of which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall
        in good faith be prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review and in
        respect of which there shall have been secured a subsisting stay of
        execution pending such appeal or proceedings, provided that the
        aggregate amount of all cash (including the stated amount of all letters
        of credit) and the fair market value of all other property subject to
        such Liens does not exceed $500,000 at any time outstanding;

                (xi)    statutory and common law landlords' liens under leases
        to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a party;

                (xii)   Liens (other than Liens imposed under ERISA), including
        deposits, incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with
        workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance and social security
        benefits and Liens securing the performance of bids, tenders, leases and
        contracts in the ordinary course of business, statutory obligations,
        surety bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature
        incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
        practice (exclusive of obligations in respect of the payment for
        borrowed money), provided that the aggregate amount of all cash and the
        fair market value of all other property subject to all Liens permitted
        by this clause (xii) shall not at any time exceed $1,000,000;

                (xiii)  Permitted Encumbrances;

                (xiv)   Liens on property or assets acquired pursuant to a
        Permitted Acquisition, or on property or assets of a Subsidiary of the
        Borrower in existence at the time such Subsidiary is acquired pursuant
        to a Permitted Acquisition, provided that (x) any Indebtedness that is
        secured by such Liens is permitted to exist under Section 9.04(v), and
        (y) such Liens are not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation
        or anticipation of, such Permitted Acquisition and do not attach to any
        asset of the Borrower or any other asset of the Borrower or any of its
        Subsidiaries;

                                      -57-
<PAGE>

                (xv)    restrictions on the transfer or pledge of assets
        contained in any FCC License or imposed by the Communications Act,
        comparable state or local legislation, regulations or ordinances or the
        terms of cable TV franchises;

                (xvi)   Liens consisting of customary options, calls, puts or
        restrictions on transfer relating to Equity Interests of Non-Wholly
        Owned Subsidiaries and arising under joint venture arrangements with
        other holders (other than the Borrower and its Affiliates) of such
        Equity Interests; and

                (xvii)  other Liens, so long as neither the aggregate fair
        market value of all assets subject thereto, nor the aggregate amount of
        Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby, exceeds $2,500,000.

        In connection with the granting of Liens of the type described in
clauses (vi), (vii), (xiv) and (xvii) of this Section 9.01 by the Borrower of
any of its Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall
be authorized to take any actions deemed appropriate by it in connection
therewith (including, without limitation, by executing appropriate lien releases
or lien subordination agreements in favor of the holder or holders of such
Liens, in either case solely with respect to the item or items of equipment or
other assets subject to such Liens; provided the Collateral Agent may require
that appropriate similar lien releases and/or subordination agreements be
executed with respect to the Second-Lien Note Documents and the Third-Lien
Credit Documents).

                9.02    Consolidation, Merger, Purchase or Sale of Assets, etc.
The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, wind up,
liquidate or dissolve its affairs or enter into any partnership, joint venture,
or transaction of merger or consolidation, or convey, sell, lease or otherwise
dispose of all or any part of its property or assets, or enter into any
sale-leaseback transactions, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one or a
series of related transactions) any part of the property or assets (other than
purchases or other acquisitions of inventory, materials and equipment in the
ordinary course of business) of any Person (or agree to do any of the foregoing
at any future time), except that:

                (i)     Capital Expenditures by the Borrower and its
        Subsidiaries shall be permitted to the extent not in violation of
        Section 9.07;

                (ii)    each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may make sales
        of inventory in the ordinary course of business or sales of goods that
        have become worn-out, obsolete or damaged and as a result are unsuitable
        for use in connection with the business of the Borrower and its
        Subsidiaries;

                (iii)   Investments may be made to the extent permitted by
        Section 9.05;

                (iv)    the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may sell assets (other
        than the capital stock or other Equity Interests of any Subsidiary that
        is less than all of the Equity Interests in such Subsidiary that are
        owned by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries), so long as (v) no Default
        or Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom, (w) each such
        sale is in an arm's-length transaction and the Borrower or the
        respective Subsidiary receives at least fair market value (as determined
        in good faith by the Borrower or such

                                      -58-
<PAGE>

        Subsidiary, as the case may be), (x) at least 90% of the Total
        Consideration received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary consists of
        cash and is paid at the time of the closing of such sale, (y) the Net
        Sale Proceeds therefrom are applied and/or reinvested as (and to the
        extent) required by Section 4.02(e) and (z) the aggregate amount of the
        proceeds received from all assets sold pursuant to this clause (iv)
        shall not exceed $5,000,000 in any fiscal year of the Borrower;

                (v)     each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may lease (as
        lessee) or license (as licensee) real or personal property (so long as
        any such lease or license does not create a Capitalized Lease Obligation
        except to the extent permitted by Section 9.04(iii));

                (vi)    each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may sell or
        discount, in each case without recourse and in the ordinary course of
        business, accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of
        business, but only in connection with the compromise or collection
        thereof and not as part of any financing transaction;

                (vii)   each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may grant
        licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases to other Persons not
        materially interfering with the conduct of the business of the Borrower
        or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case so long as no such grant
        otherwise affects the Collateral Agent's security interest in the asset
        or property subject thereto;

                (viii)  any Subsidiary of the Borrower may merge with and into,
        or be dissolved or liquidated into, the Borrower or any Wholly-Owned
        Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower which is a Subsidiary Guarantor so
        long as (i) in the case of any such merger, dissolution or liquidation
        involving the Borrower, the Borrower is the surviving corporation of any
        such merger, dissolution or liquidation, (ii) in all other cases, the
        Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary which is a Subsidiary Guarantor is the
        surviving corporation of any such merger, dissolution or liquidation,
        and (iii) in all cases, the security interests granted to the Collateral
        Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors pursuant to the Security
        Documents in the assets of such Subsidiary shall remain in full force
        and effect and perfected (to at least the same extent as in effect
        immediately prior to such merger, dissolution or liquidation);

                (ix)    Permitted Acquisitions may be made to the extent
        permitted by Section 8.17;

                (x)     sales, transfers and dispositions by the Borrower or any
        Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor (other than RCN
        International) to the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary
        Guarantor (other than RCN International) shall be permitted;

                (xi)    sales, transfers and other dispositions of the Equity
        Interests of Intertainer shall be permitted so long as (w) no Default or
        Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom, (x) each such
        sale is in an arm's-length transaction and the Borrower or the
        respective Subsidiary receives at least Fair Market Value, (y) at least
        90% of the Total Consideration received by the Borrower and its
        Subsidiaries consists of cash paid at

                                      -59-
<PAGE>

        the time of the closing of such sale or disposition and (z) the Net Sale
        Proceeds therefrom are applied to prepay Loans pursuant to Section
        4.02(e);

                (xii)   the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or
        substantially all the Los Angeles Assets in a single transaction or
        series of related transactions shall be permitted, so long as (w) no
        Default or Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom, (x)
        each such sale is in an arm's-length transaction and the Borrower or the
        respective Subsidiary receives at least Fair Market Value, (y) at least
        90% of the Total Consideration received by the Borrower and its
        Subsidiaries consists of cash paid at the time of the closing of such
        sale or disposition and (z) the Net Sale Proceeds therefrom are applied
        to prepay Loans pursuant to Section 4.02(e);

                (xiii)  the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or
        substantially all the San Francisco Assets in a single transaction or
        series of related transactions shall be permitted, so long as (w) no
        Default or Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom, (x)
        each such sale is in an arm's-length transaction and the Borrower or the
        respective Subsidiary receives at least Fair Market Value, (y) at least
        90% of the Total Consideration received by the Borrower and its
        Subsidiaries consists of cash paid at the time of the closing of such
        sale or disposition and (z) the Net Sale Proceeds therefrom are applied
        to prepay Loans pursuant to Section 4.02(e);

                (xiv)   the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or
        substantially all the Chicago Assets in a single transaction or series
        of related transactions shall be permitted, so long as (w) no Default or
        Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom, (x) each such
        sale is in an arm's-length transaction and the Borrower or the
        respective Subsidiary receives at least Fair Market Value, (y) at least
        90% of the Total Consideration received by the Borrower and its
        Subsidiaries consists of cash paid at the time of the closing of such
        sale or disposition and (z) the Net Sale Proceeds therefrom are applied
        to prepay Loans pursuant to Section 4.02(e);

                (xv)    the Borrower may consummate the Starpower Acquisition;

                (xvi)   the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may make a sale of any
        fixed or capital assets that is made for cash consideration in an amount
        not less than the cost of such fixed or capital asset and is consummated
        within 270 days after the Borrower or such Subsidiary acquires or
        completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset and thereafter
        rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for
        substantially the same purpose as the sold property; provided that the
        sum of the aggregate amount of Attributable Debt in respect of all such
        sale and leaseback transactions of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
        shall not exceed $3,000,000 at any time outstanding;

                (xvii)  the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or
        substantially all of the Non-Core Assets in a single transaction or
        series of related transactions shall be permitted, so long as (w) no
        Default or Event of Default then exists or would result therefrom, (x)
        each such sale is in an arm's-length transaction and the Borrower or the
        respective Subsidiary receives at least Fair Market Value, (y) at least
        90% of the Total Consideration received

                                      -60-
<PAGE>

        by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries consists of cash paid at the time
        of the closing of such sale or disposition and (z) the Net Sale Proceeds
        therefrom are applied to prepay Loans or, in the case of the sale,
        transfer or other disposition of the New York Microwave Subscribers,
        prepay Loans or reinvested, in each case pursuant to Section 4.02(e);

                (xviii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or
        substantially all of the Dial-Up Assets in a single transaction shall be
        permitted, so long as (u) no Default or Event of Default then exists or
        would result therefrom, (v) such sale in consummated on or prior to
        December 31, 2009, (w) each such sale is in an arm's-length transaction
        and the Borrower or the respective Subsidiary receives at least Fair
        Market Value, (x) at least 90% of the Total Consideration received by
        the Borrower and its Subsidiaries consists of cash paid at the time of
        the closing of such sale or disposition, (y) the cash consideration
        received by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to the
        immediately preceding clause (x) exceeds the present value (computed
        using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate) of the future cash
        contribution of such assets as set forth in the detailed financial model
        delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent prior to the
        Initial Borrowing Date and (z) the Net Sale Proceeds therefrom are
        applied to prepay Loans pursuant to Section 4.02(e); and

                (xvix)  the sale, transfer or other disposition of the New
        Jersey Property in a single transaction shall be permitted, so long as
        (w) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would result
        therefrom, (x) such sale is in an arm's-length transaction and the
        Borrower or the respective Subsidiary receives at least Fair Market
        Value, (y) at least 90% of the Total Consideration received by the
        Borrower and its Subsidiaries consists of cash paid at the time of the
        closing of such sale or disposition and (z) the Net Sale Proceeds
        therefrom are applied to prepay Loans pursuant to Section 4.02(e)

        To the extent the Required Lenders waive the provisions of this Section
9.02 with respect to the sale of any Collateral, or any Collateral is sold as
permitted by this Section 9.02 (other than to the Borrower or a Subsidiary
thereof), such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by
the Security Documents (so long as also sold free and clear of the Liens created
by the Second-Lien Security Documents and the Third-Lien Credit Documents), and
the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be authorized to take
any actions deemed appropriate in order to effect the foregoing.

                9.03    Dividends. The Borrower will not, and will not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, authorize, declare or pay any Dividends with respect
to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except that:

                (i)     any Subsidiary of the Borrower may pay Dividends or
        return capital or make distributions and other similar payments with
        regard to its Equity Interests to the Borrower or to a Wholly-Owned
        Subsidiary of the Borrower which owns equity therein;

                (ii)    any Non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower may
        declare and pay cash Dividends to its shareholders generally so long as
        the Borrower or its respective Subsidiary which owns the Equity
        Interests in the Subsidiary paying such Dividends

                                      -61-
<PAGE>

        receives at least its proportionate share thereof (based upon its
        relative holding of the Equity Interests in the Subsidiary paying such
        Dividends and taking into account the relative preferences, if any, of
        the various classes of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary); and

                (iii)   so long as no Default or Event of Default exists at the
        time of the respective Dividend, redemption or repurchase or would exist
        immediately after giving effect thereto, the Borrower may redeem or
        repurchase Equity Interests of the Borrower from officers, employees and
        directors of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries (or their estates) after
        the death, disability, retirement or termination of employment or
        service as a director of any such Person, or otherwise in accordance
        with any stock option plan or any employee stock ownership plan that has
        been approved by the Board of Directors of the Borrower provided that
        the aggregate amount of Dividends made by the Borrower pursuant to this
        clause (iii), and the aggregate amount paid shall not (net of any
        proceeds received by the Borrower from issuances of its Equity Interests
        and contributed to the Borrower in connection with such redemption or
        repurchase) exceed either (x) during any fiscal year of the Borrower,
        $500,000 or (y) for all periods after the Initial Borrowing Date (taken
        as a single period), $2,500,000.

                9.04    Indebtedness. The Borrower will not, and will not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to, contract, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist
any Indebtedness, except:

                (i)     Indebtedness of the Credit Parties incurred pursuant to
        this Agreement and the other Credit Documents;

                (ii)    Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries under
        Interest Rate Protection Agreements entered into with respect to other
        Indebtedness permitted under this Section 9.04, in each case so long as
        the entering into of such Interest Rate Protection Agreements are bona
        fide hedging activities and are not for speculative purposes;

                (iii)   Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
        evidenced by Capitalized Lease Obligations (to the extent permitted
        pursuant to Section 9.07) and purchase money Indebtedness described in
        Section 9.01(vii), provided that in no event shall the sum of the
        aggregate principal amount of all Capitalized Lease Obligations and
        purchase money Indebtedness permitted by this clause (iii) exceed
        $15,000,000 at any time outstanding;

                (iv)    Indebtedness of the Borrower, and guarantees thereof by
        the Subsidiary Guarantors (provided that any guarantee by RCN
        International shall be subordinated in right of payment as required by
        the Intercreditor Agreement) under the Second-Lien Note Indenture and
        the other Second-Lien Note Documents in an aggregate principal amount
        not to exceed $125,000,000 (less the amount of any repayments of
        principal thereof made after the Initial Borrowing Date);

                (v)     Indebtedness of a Subsidiary of the Borrower acquired
        pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition (or Indebtedness assumed at the time
        of a Permitted Acquisition of an asset securing such Indebtedness),
        provided that (x) such Indebtedness was not

                                      -62-
<PAGE>

        incurred in connection with, or in anticipation or contemplation of,
        such Permitted Acquisition, (y) such Indebtedness does not constitute
        debt for borrowed money, it being understood and agreed that Capitalized
        Lease Obligations and purchase money Indebtedness shall not constitute
        debt for borrowed money for purposes of this clause (y) and (z) the
        aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness permitted by this clause
        (vi) shall not exceed $7,500,000 at any one time outstanding;

                (vi)    intercompany Indebtedness among the Borrower and the
        Subsidiary Guarantors to the extent permitted by Section 9.05(vii);

                (vii)   Existing Indebtedness outstanding on the Initial
        Borrowing Date and listed on Schedule VI (as reduced by any permanent
        repayments of principal thereof), without giving effect to any
        subsequent extension, renewal or refinancing;

                (viii)  Indebtedness of the Borrower (which Indebtedness may in
        no event be guaranteed by, or secured by the assets of, any Subsidiary
        of the Borrower) under the Third-Lien Credit Agreement the other
        Third-Lien Credit Documents in an aggregate amount not to exceed
        $38,500,000 plus any increase in the principal amount thereof resulting
        from the payment-in-kind or capitalization, of interest accruing thereon
        after the Initial Borrowing Date as contemplated by Section 8.16;

                (ix)    guarantees by the Borrower of Indebtedness or operating
        lease payment obligations of any Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary
        Guarantor and by any Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor of
        Indebtedness or operating lease payment obligations of any other
        Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor, in each case so long as the
        respective underlying guaranteed Indebtedness or operating lease payment
        obligations are otherwise permitted in accordance with the relevant
        terms of this Agreement (other than this clause (ix)); provided that
        this clause (iv) shall not permit any guarantees of Indebtedness
        described in any of clauses (iv), (v), (vii) and (viii); and

                (x)     other Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary not
        in excess of $7,500,000 at any time outstanding.

                9.05    Advances, Investments and Loans. The Borrower will not,
and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, lend
money or credit or make advances to any Person, or purchase or acquire any
stock, obligations or securities of, or any other interest in, or make any
capital contribution to, any other Person, or purchase or own a futures contract
or otherwise become liable for the purchase or sale of currency or other
commodities at a future date in the nature of a futures contract, or hold any
cash or Cash Equivalents (each of the foregoing an "Investment" and,
collectively, "Investments"), except that the following shall be permitted:

                (i)     the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may acquire and hold
        accounts receivables owing to any of them, if created or acquired in the
        ordinary course of business and payable or dischargeable in accordance
        with customary trade terms of the Borrower or such Subsidiary;

                                      -63-
<PAGE>

                (ii)    the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may acquire and hold
        cash and Cash Equivalents;

                (iii)   the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may hold the
        Investments held by them on the Initial Borrowing Date and described on
        Schedule IX, provided that any additional Investments made with respect
        thereto shall be permitted only if permitted under the other provisions
        of this Section 9.05;

                (iv)    the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may acquire and own
        investments (including debt obligations) received in connection with the
        bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers and in good
        faith settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with,
        customers and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business;

                (v)     the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may make loans and
        advances to their officers and employees for moving, relocation and
        travel expenses and other similar expenditures, in each case in the
        ordinary course of business in an aggregate amount not to exceed
        $500,000 at any time (determined without regard to any write-downs or
        write-offs of such loans and advances);

                (vi)    the Borrower may enter into Interest Rate Protection
        Agreements to the extent permitted by Section 9.04(ii);

                (vii)   the Borrower and the Domestic Wholly-Owned Subsidiary
        Guarantors may make intercompany loans and advances between and among
        one another (collectively, "Intercompany Loans"), provided that each
        such Intercompany Loan shall be evidenced by an Intercompany Note (which
        Intercompany Note shall include the subordination provisions attached as
        Annex A to the form of Intercompany Note) which shall be pledged to the
        Collateral Agent pursuant to, and to the extent required by, the Pledge
        Agreement;

                (viii)  Permitted Acquisitions shall be permitted in accordance
        with Section 8.17, and the Starpower Acquisition may be consummated in
        accordance with Section 9.02(xv) and the definition thereof contained
        therein;

                (ix)    investments by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in
        Equity Interests in Subsidiaries that are Wholly-Owned Domestic
        Subsidiary Guarantors both before and after such investments; provided
        that any such Equity Interests held by a Credit Party shall be pledged
        pursuant to the Pledge Agreement;

                (x)     loans by the Borrower to the Employee Stock Ownership
        Plan of the Borrower, 100% of the gross proceeds of which (without
        reduction for costs, fees and expenses or other items) are immediately
        thereafter utilized by such Employee Stock Ownership Plan to purchase
        from the Borrower not more than 250,000 shares of the Borrower's common
        stock (such number of shares to be adjusted to reflect stock splits,
        stock dividends, stock combinations and similar events);

                                      -64-
<PAGE>

                (xi)    other investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed
        $5,000,000 (net of any return of capital or Net Sale Proceeds in respect
        of any such investment and valued at the time of the making thereof);
        and

                (xii)   the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may hold corporate
        bonds that it holds on the Initial Borrowing Date; provided that such
        bonds are sold on or prior to March 31, 2005.

                9.06    Transactions with Affiliates. The Borrower will not, and
will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any transaction or series
of related transactions with any Affiliate of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, other than in the ordinary course of business and on terms and
conditions substantially as favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary as
would reasonably be obtained by the Borrower or such Subsidiary at that time in
a comparable arm's-length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate,
except:

                (i)     Dividends may be paid to the extent provided in Section
                        9.03;

                (ii)    customary fees and indemnifications may be paid to
        non-officer directors of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries;

                (iii)   loans may be made and other transactions maybe entered
        into by the Borrower with its Subsidiaries, or between Subsidiaries of
        the Borrower, to the extent permitted by Sections 9.01, 9.02, 9.04 and
        9.05;

                (iv)    the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may enter into, and
        make payments under, employment agreements, employee benefit plans,
        stock option plans, indemnification provisions and other similar
        compensatory arrangements with officers, employees and directors of the
        Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; and

                (v)     the Plan of Reorganization (and transactions effected
        pursuant thereto) shall be permitted.

                9.07    Capital Expenditures. (a) The Borrower will not, and
will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Capital Expenditures,
except that during any fiscal year of the Borrower set forth below (taken as one
accounting period) (it being understood and agreed that for purposes of this
Section 9.07 only, the period from September 30, 2004 through December 31, 2004
shall be deemed to be part of the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2005), the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries may make Capital Expenditures so long as the
aggregate amount of all such Capital Expenditures does not exceed in any fiscal
year of the Borrower set forth below the amount set forth opposite such fiscal
year below:

                Fiscal Year Ending On                        Amount
                ---------------------                    -------------

                December 31, 2005                        $ 100,000,000

                December 31, 2006                        $  85,000,000

                December 31, 2007                        $  75,000,000
                 and thereafter

                                      -65-
<PAGE>

                (b)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that
the amount of Capital Expenditures permitted to be made by the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries pursuant to clause (a) above in any fiscal year of the Borrower
(before giving effect to any increase in such permitted expenditure amount
pursuant to this clause (b)) is greater than the amount of such Capital
Expenditures actually made by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such
fiscal year, 50% of such excess (the "Rollover Amount") may be carried forward
and utilized to make Capital Expenditures in the immediately succeeding fiscal
year (it being understood and agreed that in such succeeding fiscal year Capital
Expenditures shall be deemed to have been made first from the amount permitted
for such year pursuant to clause (a) above and second from the Rollover Amount).

                (c)     In addition to the foregoing, the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries may make Capital Expenditures with the amount of Net Sale Proceeds
received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from any Asset Sale so long
as such Net Sale Proceeds are reinvested within 365 days following the date of
such Asset Sale, but only to the extent that such Net Sale Proceeds are not
otherwise required to be applied to repay Term Loans pursuant to Section 4.02(e)
or reduce the Total L/C Commitment pursuant to Section 3.03(d).

                (d)     In addition to the foregoing, the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries may make Capital Expenditures with the amount of Net Insurance
Proceeds received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from any Recovery
Event so long as such Net Insurance Proceeds are used to replace or restore any
properties or assets in respect of which such Net Insurance Proceeds were paid
within 365 days following the date of receipt of such Net Insurance Proceeds
from such Recovery Event, but only to the extent that such Net Insurance
Proceeds are not otherwise required to be applied to repay Term Loans pursuant
to Section 4.02(g) or reduce the Total L/C Commitment pursuant to Section
3.03(d).

                (e)     In addition to the foregoing, the Borrower and its
Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiaries that are Subsidiary Guarantors may consummate
(x) Permitted Acquisitions in accordance with the requirements of Section 8.17
and (y) the Starpower Acquisition in accordance with the provisions of Section
9.02(xv).

                9.08    Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio. The Borrower will
not permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio for any Test Period ending
on the last day of a fiscal quarter of the Borrower set forth below to be less
than the ratio set forth opposite such fiscal quarter below:

      Fiscal Quarter Ended                                    Ratio
- ---------------------------------                           ---------
March 31, 2005                                              1.25:1.00
June 30, 2005                                               1.50:1.00
September 30, 2005                                          1.75:1.00
December 31, 2005                                           1.75:1.00

March 31, 2006                                              2.00:1.00
June 30, 2006                                               2.25:1.00
September 30, 2006 and thereafter                           2.50:1.00

                                      -66-
<PAGE>

                9.09    Minimum Consolidated EBITDA. The Borrower will not
permit Consolidated EBITDA for any Test Period ending on the last day of a
fiscal quarter of the Borrower set forth below to be less than the amount set
forth opposite such fiscal quarter below:

      Fiscal Quarter Ended                                      Amount
- ---------------------------------                           -------------
March 31, 2005                                              $  10,000,000
June 30, 2005                                               $  30,000,000
September 30, 2005                                          $  45,000,000
December 31, 2005                                           $  65,000,000

March 31, 2006                                              $  75,000,000
June 30, 2006                                               $  85,000,000
September 30, 2006                                          $  95,000,000
December 31, 2006                                           $ 100,000,000

March 31, 2007                                              $ 112,500,000
June 30, 2007                                               $ 120,000,000
September 30, 2007                                          $ 130,000,000
December 31, 2007                                           $ 140,000,000

March 31, 2008                                              $ 150,000,000
June 30, 2008                                               $ 155,000,000
September 30, 2008                                          $ 162,500,000
December 31, 2008                                           $ 170,000,000

March 31, 2009                                              $ 175,000,000
June 30, 2009                                               $ 180,000,000
September 30, 2009                                          $ 185,000,000
December 31, 2009                                           $ 190,000,000

March 31, 2010                                              $ 192,500,000
June 30, 2010                                               $ 195,000,000
September 30, 2010                                          $ 197,500,000
December 31, 2010                                           $ 200,000,000

March 31, 2011                                              $ 202,500,000
June 30, 2011                                               $ 205,000,000
September 30, 2011                                          $ 207,500,000
December 31, 2011                                           $ 210,000,000

                                      -67-
<PAGE>

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amounts set forth above in this Section 9.09
shall be reduced (x) by $18,000 for every 1000 New York Microwave Subscribers
sold by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 9.02(xvii) for
each Test Period ending after the date of the respective sale, (y) upon the sale
by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries of all of the Chicago Assets pursuant to
Section 9.02(xiv), by an amount equal to that set forth under the heading
"Chicago EBITDA Adjustment" on Schedule XIII hereto for the corresponding fiscal
quarter of the Borrower and (z) upon the sale by the Borrower or its
Subsidiaries of all of the San Francisco Assets pursuant to Section 9.02(xiii),
by an amount equal to that set forth under the heading "San Francisco EBITDA
Adjustment" on Schedule XIII hereto for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the
Borrower; provided, however, that the amounts set forth above shall only be
reduced (x) prospectively for each full fiscal quarter after the respective sale
and (y) with respect to the fiscal quarter in which such sale occurred, based on
the relevant amount of the reduction for such fiscal quarter multiplied by a
fraction, (i) the numerator of which is the number of days in such fiscal
quarter that will occur after the date of the respective sale and (ii) the
denominator of which is the total number of days in such fiscal quarter;
provided, further that with respect to the sale of all of the Chicago Assets,
the amount set forth under the heading "Chicago EBITDA Adjustment" on Schedule
XIII hereto shall be reduced on a prospective basis beginning with the fourth
fiscal quarter occurring after the fiscal quarter in which such sale occurred by
an amount equal to that set forth under the heading "Chicago Overhead Reduction"
on Schedule XIII hereto.

                9.10    [Intentionally Deleted]

                9.11    Adjusted Leverage Ratio. The Borrower will not permit
the Adjusted Leverage Ratio at any time (on or after March 31, 2005) during a
period set forth below to be greater than the ratio set forth opposite such
period below:

      Fiscal Quarter Ended                                    Ratio
- ---------------------------------                           ---------

March 31, 2005                                              6.75:1.00
June 30, 2005                                               5.75:1.00
September 30, 2005                                          5.50:1.00
December 31, 2005                                           5.00:1.00

March 31, 2006                                              4.50:1.00
June 30, 2006                                               4.00:1.00
September 30, 2006                                          3.50:1.00
December 31, 2006                                           3.25:1.00

March 31, 2007                                              3.00:1.00
June 30, 2007                                               2.75:1.00
September 30, 2007                                          2.50:1.00
December 31, 2007                                           2.50:1.00

March 31, 2008                                              2.25:1.00
June 30, 2008 and thereafter                                2.00:1.00

                                      -68-
<PAGE>

                9.12    Minimum Cash on Hand. The Borrower will not permit
Unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents on hand at any time to be less than the
Required Unrestricted Cash Amount.

                9.13    Limitations on Payments of the Second-Lien Note
Indenture and Third-Lien Credit Agreement; Modifications of Second-Lien Note
Documents, Third-Lien Credit Documents, Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws
and Certain Other Agreements, etc. The Borrower will not, and will not permit
any of its Subsidiaries to:

                (i)     make (or give any notice in respect of) any voluntary or
        optional payment or prepayment on or redemption or acquisition for value
        of, or any prepayment or redemption as a result of any asset sale,
        change of control or similar event of (including, in each case without
        limitation, by way of depositing with the trustee with respect thereto
        money or securities before due for the purpose of paying when due), any
        Indebtedness pursuant to the Second-Lien Note Documents or the
        Third-Lien Credit Documents;

                (ii)    amend or modify, or permit the amendment or modification
        of any provision of, any Second-Lien Credit Document or any Third-Lien
        Credit Document;

                (iii)   amend, modify or change its certificate or articles of
        incorporation (including, without limitation, by the filing or
        modification of any certificate or articles of designation), certificate
        of formation, limited liability company agreement or by-laws (or the
        equivalent organizational documents), as applicable, or any agreement
        entered into by it with respect to its capital stock or other Equity
        Interests (including any Shareholders' Agreement), or enter into any new
        agreement with respect to its capital stock or other Equity Interests,
        unless such amendment, modification, change or other action contemplated
        by this clause (iii) could not reasonably be expected to be adverse to
        the interests of the Lenders; or

                (iv)    amend, modify or change any provision of (x) any
        Management Agreement unless such amendment, modification or change could
        not reasonably be expected to be adverse to the interests of the Lenders
        (although no amendment, modification or change may be made to any
        monetary term thereof) or (y) any Tax Allocation Agreement or enter into
        any new tax sharing agreement, tax allocation agreement or similar
        agreement without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent.

                9.14    Limitation on Certain Restrictions on Subsidiaries. The
Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or
indirectly, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any
encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any such Subsidiary to (a) pay
dividends or make any other distributions on its capital stock or any other

                                      -69-
<PAGE>

interest or participation in its profits owned by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, or pay any Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, (b) make loans or advances to the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries or (c) transfer any of its properties or assets to the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries, except for such encumbrances or restrictions existing
under or by reason of (i) applicable law, (ii) this Agreement and the other
Credit Documents, (iii) the Second-Lien Note Documents, (iv) the Third-Lien
Credit Documents, (v) customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment
of any lease governing any leasehold interest of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries, (vi) customary provisions restricting assignment of any licensing
agreement (in which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is the licensee) or
other contract entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the
ordinary course of business, (vii) restrictions on the transfer of any asset
pending the close of the sale of such asset, and (viii) restrictions on the
transfer of any asset subject to a Lien permitted by Section 9.01(iii), (vi),
(vii) or (xiv).

                9.15    Limitation on Issuance of Capital Stock. (a) The
Borrower will not issue (i) any preferred stock or other preferred equity
interests or (ii) any redeemable common stock or other redeemable common equity
interests other than common stock or other redeemable common equity interests
that is redeemable at the sole option of the Borrower, in each case, other than
Qualified Capital Stock issued pursuant to clause (c) below.

                (b)     The Borrower will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to
issue any capital stock or other Equity Interests (including by way of sales of
treasury stock) or any options or warrants to purchase, or securities
convertible into, capital stock or other Equity Interests, except (i) for
transfers and replacements of then outstanding shares of capital stock or other
equity interests, (ii) for stock splits, stock dividends and issuances which do
not decrease the percentage ownership of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
in any class of the capital stock or other equity interests of such Subsidiary,
(iii) to qualify directors to the extent required by applicable law or (iv) for
issuances by Subsidiaries of the Borrower which are newly created or acquired in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

                (c)     The Borrower may issue Qualified Capital Stock so long
as (x) no Default or Event of Default shall exist at the time of any such
issuance or immediately after giving effect thereto, and (y) with respect to
each issue of Qualified Capital Stock, the gross cash proceeds therefrom (or in
the case of Qualified Capital Stock directly issued as consideration for a
Permitted Acquisition, the Fair Market Value thereof of the assets received
therefor) shall be at least equal to 100% of the liquidation preference thereof
at the time of issuance.

                9.16    Business, etc. (a) The Borrower will not, and will not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage in any business other than the
businesses engaged in by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the Initial
Borrowing Date and reasonable extensions thereof and businesses ancillary or
complementary thereto.

                (b)     Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else in this
Agreement to the contrary, RCN International shall not incur or suffer to exist
any Indebtedness (other than its guarantees of the Obligations hereunder
pursuant to the Subsidiaries Guaranty and its guarantee (which shall be
subordinated in right of payment as required by the Intercreditor Agreement) of
the Second-Lien Note Documents and obligations pursuant thereto) and shall not
engage in any

                                      -70-
<PAGE>

business or own any significant assets or have any material liabilities other
than its ownership of all Equity Interests in the Megacable Entities that are
owned (directly or indirectly) by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;
provided that RCN International may engage in those activities that are
incidental to (x) the maintenance of its existence in compliance with applicable
law and (y) legal, tax and accounting matters in connection with any of the
foregoing activities.

                9.17    Limitation on Creation of Subsidiaries. The Borrower
will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, establish, create or
acquire after the Initial Borrowing Date any Subsidiary, provided that the
Borrower and its Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiaries that are, or are to become,
Subsidiary Guarantors may create and/or acquire Wholly-Owned Domestic
Subsidiaries (subject to compliance with the other applicable provisions of
Section 8 and this Section 9) so long as (i) all of the capital stock and other
Equity Interests of such new Subsidiary are pledged to the Collateral Agent
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Pledge Agreement, (ii) such new
Subsidiary enters into the Subsidiaries Guaranty and executes and delivers to
the Collateral Agent counterparts of the Security Agreement, the Pledge
Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement, (iii) such new Subsidiary enters into
such Additional Security Documents as the Administrative Agent or the Required
Lenders may require pursuant to Section 8.12 and (iv) such new Subsidiary
executes and delivers all other relevant documentation (including opinions of
counsel) of the type described in Section 5 as such new Subsidiary would have
had to deliver if it were a Credit Party on the Initial Borrowing Date.

                SECTION 10. Events of Default. Upon the occurrence of any of the
following specified events (each an "Event of Default"):

                10.01   Payments. The Borrower shall (i) default in the payment
when due of any principal of any Term Loan or any Term Note or (ii) default, and
such default shall continue unremedied for three or more Business Days, in the
payment when due of any interest on any Term Loan or Term Note, any Unpaid
Drawing or any Fees or any other amounts owing hereunder or under any other
Credit Document; or

                10.02   Representations, etc. Any representation, warranty or
statement made or deemed made by any Credit Party herein or in any other Credit
Document or in any certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent or any
Lender pursuant hereto or thereto shall prove to be untrue in any material
respect on the date as of which made or deemed made; or

                10.03   Covenants. The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall
(i) default in the due performance or observance by it of any term, covenant or
agreement contained in Section 8.01(g), 8.08, 8.11, 8.15, 8.16 or 8.19 or
Section 9 or (ii) default in the due performance or observance by it of any
other term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or in any other
Credit Document (other than those set forth in Sections 10.01 and 10.02) and
such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after written
notice thereof to the defaulting party by the Administrative Agent or the
Required Lenders; or

                10.04   Default Under Other Agreements. (i) The Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries shall (x) default in any payment of any Indebtedness (other
than the Obligations) beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in an
instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness was created or (y) default
in the observance or performance of any agreement or

                                      -71-
<PAGE>

condition relating to any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) or contained
in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any
other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which default or other
event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such
Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to
cause (determined without regard to whether any notice is required but
determined only after giving effect to any applicable grace period), any such
Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity, or (ii) any
Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries shall be declared to be (or shall become) due and payable, or
required to be prepaid other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment,
prior to the stated maturity thereof, provided that it shall not be a Default or
an Event of Default under this Section 10.04 unless the aggregate principal
amount of all Indebtedness as described in preceding clauses (i) and (ii) is at
least $2,500,000; or

                10.05   Bankruptcy, etc. The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
shall commence a voluntary case concerning itself under Title 11 of the United
States Code entitled "Bankruptcy," as now or hereafter in effect, or any
successor thereto (the "Bankruptcy Code"); or an involuntary case is commenced
against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and the petition is not
controverted within 10 days, or is not dismissed within 60 days, after
commencement of the case; or a custodian (as defined in the Bankruptcy Code) is
appointed for, or takes charge of, all or substantially all of the property of
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries commences any other proceeding under any reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or
liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in
effect relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or there is
commenced against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries any such proceeding
which remains undismissed for a period of 60 days, or the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or
other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; or the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for
it or any substantial part of its property to continue undischarged or unstayed
for a period of 60 days; or the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries makes a
general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any corporate, limited
liability company or similar action is taken by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or

                10.06   ERISA. (a) Any Plan shall fail to satisfy the minimum
funding standard required for any plan year or part thereof under Section 412 of
the Code or Section 302 of ERISA or a waiver of such standard or extension of
any amortization period is sought or granted under Section 412 of the Code or
Section 303 or 304 of ERISA, a Reportable Event shall have occurred, a
contributing sponsor (as defined in Section 4001(a)(13) of ERISA) of a Plan
subject to Title IV of ERISA shall be subject to the advance reporting
requirement of PBGC Regulation Section 4043.61 (without regard to subparagraph
(b)(1) thereof) and an event described in subsection .62, .63, .64, .65 (unless
notice is waived under .65), .66, .67 or .68 of PBGC Regulation Section 4043
shall be reasonably expected to occur with respect to such Plan within the
following 30 days, any Plan which is subject to Title IV of ERISA shall have had
or is likely to have a trustee appointed to administer such Plan, any Plan which
is subject to Title IV of ERISA is, shall have been or is likely to be
terminated or to be the subject of termination proceedings under ERISA, any Plan
shall have an Unfunded Current Liability, a contribution required to be made
with respect to a Plan or a Foreign Pension Plan has not been timely made, the
Borrower or

                                      -72-
<PAGE>

any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has incurred or is likely
to incur any liability to or on account of a Plan under Section 409, 502(i),
502(l), 515, 4062, 4063, 4064, 4069, 4201, 4204 or 4212 of ERISA or Section
401(a)(29), 4971 or 4975 of the Code or on account of a group health plan (as
defined in Section 607(1) of ERISA, Section 4980B(g)(2) of the Code or 45 Code
of Federal Regulation 160.103) under Section 4980B of the Code and/or the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or the Borrower or any
Subsidiary of the Borrower has incurred or is likely to incur liabilities
pursuant to one or more employee welfare benefit plans (as defined in Section
3(1) of ERISA) that provide benefits to retired employees or other former
employees (other than as required by Section 601 of ERISA) or Plans or Foreign
Pension Plans, a "default" within the meaning of Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA
shall occur with respect to any Plan, any applicable law, rule or regulation is
adopted, changed or interpreted, or the interpretation or administration thereof
is changed, in each case after the date hereof, by any governmental authority or
agency or by any court (a "Change of Law"), or, as a result of a Change in Law,
an event occurs following a Change in Law, with respect to or otherwise
affecting any Plan; (b) there shall result from any such event or events the
imposition of a lien, the granting of a security interest, or a liability or a
material risk of incurring a liability; and (c) such lien, security interest or
liability, either individually and/or in the aggregate, has had, or could
reasonably be expected to have, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, a
Material Adverse Effect; or

                10.07   Security Documents. Any of the Security Documents shall
cease to be in full force and effect, or shall cease to give the Collateral
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors the Liens, rights, powers and
privileges purported to be created thereby (including, without limitation, a
perfected security interest in, and Lien on, all of the Collateral, in favor of
the Collateral Agent, superior to and prior to the rights of all third Persons
(except as permitted by Section 9.01), and subject to no other Liens (except as
permitted by Section 9.01), or any Credit Party shall default in the due
performance or observance of any term, covenant or agreement on its part to be
performed or observed pursuant to any such Security Document and such default
shall continue beyond the period of grace, if any, specifically applicable
thereto pursuant to the terms of such Security Document; or

                10.08   Subsidiaries Guaranty. The Subsidiaries Guaranty or any
provision thereof shall cease to be in full force or effect as to any Subsidiary
Guarantor, or any Subsidiary Guarantor or any Person acting for or on behalf of
such Subsidiary Guarantor shall deny or disaffirm such Subsidiary Guarantor's
obligations under the Subsidiaries Guaranty or any Subsidiary Guarantor shall
default in the due performance or observance of any term, covenant or agreement
on its part to be performed or observed pursuant to the Subsidiaries Guaranty;
or

                10.09   Judgments. One or more judgments or decrees shall be
entered against the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower involving in the
aggregate for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries a liability (not paid or fully
covered by a reputable and solvent insurance company) and such judgments and
decrees either shall be final and non-appealable or shall not be vacated,
discharged or stayed or bonded pending appeal for any period of 30 consecutive
days, and the aggregate amount of all such judgments equals or exceeds
$2,500,000; or

                10.10   Change of Control. A Change of Control shall occur; or

                                      -73-
<PAGE>

                10.11   Intercreditor Agreement. The Intercreditor Agreement or
any provision thereof shall cease to be in full force and effect, or any Lien
securing or purporting to secure Indebtedness or other obligations owing under
the Second-Lien Note Documents or the Third-Lien Credit Documents shall, for any
reason, cease to be subordinated to the Lien created under the Security
Documents securing the First-Lien Obligations under, and as defined in, and
pursuant to, the Intercreditor Agreement;

then, and in any such event, and at any time thereafter, if any Event of Default
shall then be continuing, the Administrative Agent, upon the written request of
the Required Lenders, shall by written notice to the Borrower, take any or all
of the following actions, without prejudice to the rights of the Administrative
Agent, any Lender or the holder of any Term Note to enforce its claims against
any Credit Party (provided that, if an Event of Default specified in Section
10.05 shall occur with respect to the Borrower, the result which would occur
upon the giving of written notice by the Administrative Agent as specified in
clauses (i) and (ii) below shall occur automatically without the giving of any
such notice): (i) declare the Total Commitment terminated, whereupon all
Commitments of each Lender shall forthwith terminate immediately and any L/C
Commitment Commission shall forthwith become due and payable without any other
notice of any kind; (ii) declare the principal of and any accrued interest in
respect of all Term Loans and the Term Notes and all Obligations owing hereunder
and thereunder to be, whereupon the same shall become, forthwith due and payable
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby waived by each Credit Party; (iii) terminate any Letter of Credit
which may be terminated in accordance with its terms; (iv) direct the Borrower
to pay (and the Borrower agrees that upon receipt of such notice, or upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 10.05 with respect to the
Borrower, it will pay) to the Collateral Agent at the Payment Office such
additional amount of cash or Cash Equivalents, to be held as security by the
Collateral Agent, as is equal to the aggregate Stated Amount of all Letters of
Credit issued for the account of the Borrower and then outstanding; (v) enforce,
as Collateral Agent, all of the Liens and security interests created pursuant to
the Security Documents; and (vi) apply any cash collateral held by the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 4.02 to the repayment of the
Obligations.

                SECTION 11. Definitions and Accounting Terms.

                11.01   Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following
terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable
to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):

                "Acquired Entity or Business" shall mean either (x) the assets
constituting a business, division or product line of any Person not already a
Subsidiary of the Borrower or (y) 100% of the Equity Interests of any such
Person, which Person shall, as a result of the respective Permitted Acquisition,
become a Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower (or shall be merged
with and into the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, with the Borrower or such
Subsidiary Guarantor being the surviving Person).

                "Additional Security Documents" shall have the meaning provided
in Section 8.12.

                                      -74-
<PAGE>

                "Adjusted Consolidated Indebtedness" shall mean, at any time,
the amount of Consolidated Indebtedness at such time less any amounts reflected
therein constituting Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Second-Lien Credit
Documents and the Third-Lien Note Documents.

                "Adjusted Consolidated Net Income" shall mean, for any period,
Consolidated Net Income for such period plus the sum of the amount of all net
non-cash charges (including, without limitation, depreciation, amortization,
deferred tax expense and non-cash interest expense) and net non-cash losses
which were included in arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period, less
the amount of all net non-cash gains and non-cash credits which were included in
arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period.

                "Adjusted Consolidated Working Capital" shall mean, at any time,
Consolidated Current Assets (but excluding therefrom all cash and Cash
Equivalents) less Consolidated Current Liabilities at such time.

                "Adjusted Leverage Ratio" shall mean, at any time, the ratio of
Adjusted Consolidated Indebtedness at such time to Consolidated EBITDA for the
Test Period then most recently ended.

                "Administrative Agent" shall mean DBCI, in its capacity as
Administrative Agent for the Lenders hereunder, and shall include any successor
to the Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to Section 12.09.

                "Affiliate" shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other
Person directly or indirectly controlling (including, but not limited to, all
directors and officers of such Person), controlled by, or under direct or
indirect common control with, such Person. A Person shall be deemed to control
another Person if such Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the power (i)
to vote 5% or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the
election of directors (or equivalent governing body) of such Person or (ii) to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such other
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise; provided, however, that neither the Administrative Agent nor any
Lender (nor any Affiliate thereof) shall be considered an Affiliate of the
Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof.

                "Agents" shall mean, except as otherwise provided in Section 12,
any or all of the Syndication Agent, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent, the Documentation Agent and the Lead Arranger and Book Manager.

                "Agreement" shall mean this Credit Agreement, as modified,
supplemented, amended, restated (including any amendment and restatement
hereof), extended or renewed from time to time.

                "Applicable ECF Percentage" shall mean 75%; provided that if on
the last day of the respective Excess Cash Payment Period, the Total Leverage
Ratio was less than 2.00:1.00, then the Applicable ECF Percentage shall instead
be 50%.

                                      -75-
<PAGE>

                "Applicable Margin" in respect of Term Loans and Letters of
Credit for any Margin Reduction Period shall mean, from and after any Start Date
to and including the corresponding End Date (and from the Initial Borrowing Date
to the initial Start Date), the respective percentage per annum set forth below
under the respective Type of Term Loans or under the heading "Letters of Credit"
with respect to Letters of Credit and opposite the respective Level (i.e., Level
1, Level 2 or Level 3, as the case may be) indicated to have been achieved on
the applicable Test Date for such Start Date (as shown in the respective
officer's certificate delivered pursuant to Section 8.01(f) or the first proviso
below):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 Term Loans        Term Loans
         Adjusted Leverage     maintained as     maintained as
Level         Ratio           Base Rate Loans   Eurodollar Loans   Letters of Credit
- -----   -------------------   ---------------   ----------------   -----------------
<S>     <C>                              <C>                <C>                 <C>
  1     Less than 3.00:1.00              3.00%              4.00%               4.00%

  2     Greater than or
         equal to 3.00:1.00
         but less than or
         equal to 3.50:1.00              3.25%              4.25%               4.25%

  3     Greater than
         3.50:1.00                       3.50%              4.50%               4.50%
</TABLE>

                ; provided, however, that if the Borrower fails to deliver the
financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 8.01(b) or (c)
(accompanied by the officer's certificate required to be delivered pursuant to
Section 8.01(f) showing the applicable Adjusted Leverage Ratio on the relevant
Test Date) on or prior to the respective date required by such Sections, then
Level 3 pricing shall apply until such time, if any, as the financial statements
required as set forth above and the accompanying officer's certificate have been
delivered showing the pricing for the respective Margin Reduction Period is at a
Level below Level 3 (it being understood that, in the case of any late delivery
of the financial statements and officer's certificate as so required, any
reduction in the Applicable Margin shall apply only from and after the date of
the delivery of the complying financial statements and officer's certificate);
provided further, (i) that Level 3 pricing shall apply at all times when any
Default or Event of Default is in existence and (ii) that for the period from
the Initial Borrowing Date to the date of the delivery of the Borrower's
financial statements (and related officer's certificate) in respect of its
fiscal quarter ending closest to March 31, 2005, Level 3 pricing shall apply.

                "Asset Sale" shall mean any sale, transfer or other disposition
by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to any Person (including by way of
redemption by such Person) other than to the Borrower or a Wholly-Owned
Subsidiary of the Borrower of any asset (including, without limitation, any
capital stock or other securities of, or equity interests in, another Person)
other than sales of assets pursuant to Sections 9.02(ii), (vi), (vii), (x) and
(xvi).

                "Assignment and Assumption Agreement" shall mean an Assignment
and Assumption Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit L (appropriately
completed).

                                      -76-
<PAGE>

                "Assumed Indebtedness" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 5.01(n).

                "Attributable Debt" means, on any date, in respect of any lease
of the Borrower or any Subsidiary entered into as part of a sale and leaseback
transaction subject to Section 9.02, (i) if such lease is a Capitalized Lease
Obligation, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet
of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) if
such lease is not a Capitalized Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the
remaining lease payments under such lease that would appear on a balance sheet
of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with Adjusted Accounting
Principles if such lease were accounted for as a Capitalized Lease Obligation.

                "Authorized Representative" shall mean, with respect to (i)
delivering Notices of Borrowing, Notices of Conversion/Continuation, Letter of
Credit Requests and similar notices, any person or persons that has or have been
authorized by the board of directors of the Borrower to deliver such notices
pursuant to this Agreement and that has or have appropriate signature cards on
file with the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Lender; (ii) delivering
financial information and officer's certificates pursuant to this Agreement, the
chief financial officer, any treasurer or other financial officer of the
Borrower and (iii) any other matter in connection with this Agreement or any
other Credit Document, any officer (or a person or persons so designated by any
two officers) of the Borrower.

                "Bankruptcy Code" shall have the meaning provided in Section
10.05.

                "Bankruptcy Court" shall mean the United States Bankruptcy Court
for the Southern District of New York having jurisdiction over the jointly
administered cases under the Bankruptcy Code commenced by the Borrower on May
27, 2004 and certain of its Subsidiaries on such date and dates thereafter and
styled In re RCN Corporation, et al., Case No. 04-13638(RDD) and, to the extent
of any reference made under Section 157 of Title 28 of the United States Code,
the unit of such District Court having jurisdiction over such cases under
Section 151 of Title 28 of the United States Code.

                "Base Rate" shall mean the higher of (x) the rate that the
Administrative Agent announces from time to time as its prime lending rate, as
in effect from time to time, and (y) 1/2 of 1% in excess of the overnight
Federal Funds Rate at such time.

                "Base Rate Loan" shall mean each Term Loan designated or deemed
designated as such by the Borrower at the time of the incurrence thereof or
conversion thereto.

                "Borrower" shall have the meaning set forth in the first
paragraph of this Agreement.

                "Borrowing" shall mean the borrowing of one Type of Term Loan
from all the Lenders having Term Loan Commitments on a given date (or resulting
from a conversion or conversions on such date) having in the case of Eurodollar
Loans the same Interest Period, provided that Base Rate Loans incurred pursuant
to Section 1.10(b) shall be considered part of the related Borrowing of
Eurodollar Loans.

                                      -77-
<PAGE>

                "Business Day" shall mean (i) for all purposes other than as
covered by clause (ii) below, any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which
shall be in New York, New York, a legal holiday or a day on which banking
institutions are authorized or required by law or other government action to
close and (ii) with respect to all notices and determinations in connection
with, and payments of principal and interest on, Eurodollar Loans, any day which
is a Business Day described in clause (i) above and which is also a day for
trading by and between banks in U.S. dollar deposits in the interbank Eurodollar
market.

                "Business Intellectual Property" shall have the meaning provided
in Section 7.20.

                "Calculation Period" shall mean, in the case of any Permitted
Acquisition, the Test Period most recently ended prior to the date of any such
Permitted Acquisition for which financial statements are available.

                "Capital Expenditures" shall mean, with respect to any Person,
all expenditures by such Person which should be capitalized in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and, without duplication, the amount of
Capitalized Lease Obligations incurred by such Person.

                "Capitalized Lease Obligations" shall mean, with respect to any
Person, all rental obligations of such Person which, under generally accepted
accounting principles, are or will be required to be capitalized on the books of
such Person, in each case taken at the amount thereof accounted for as
indebtedness in accordance with such principles.

                "Cash Equivalents" shall mean, as to any Person, (i) securities
issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or any
agency or instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of
the United States is pledged in support thereof) having maturities of not more
than one year from the date of acquisition, (ii) marketable direct obligations
issued by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any
such state or any public instrumentality thereof maturing within one year from
the date of acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having one of
the two highest ratings obtainable from either S&P or Moody's, (iii) Dollar
denominated time deposits, certificates of deposit and bankers acceptances of
any Lender or any commercial bank having, or which is the principal banking
subsidiary of a bank holding company having, a long-term unsecured debt rating
of at least "A" or the equivalent thereof from S&P or "A2" or the equivalent
thereof from Moody's with maturities of not more than one year from the date of
acquisition by such Person, (iv) repurchase obligations with a term of not more
than seven days for underlying securities of the types described in clause (i)
above entered into with any bank meeting the qualifications specified in clause
(iii) above, (v) commercial paper issued by any Person incorporated in the
United States rated at least A-1 or the equivalent thereof by S&P or at least
P-1 or the equivalent thereof by Moody's and in each case maturing not more than
one year after the date of acquisition by such Person, and (vi) investments in
money market funds substantially all of whose assets are comprised of securities
of the types described in clauses (i) through (v) above.

                "CERCLA" shall mean the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as the same has been amended and may
hereafter be amended from time to time, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq.

                                      -78-
<PAGE>

                "Change of Control" shall mean, at any time and for any reason
whatsoever, (a) any "person" or "group" (as such terms are used in Section 13(d)
and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act) shall be the "beneficial owner" (as
defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act) of Equity
Interests having more than 30% of the total voting power of all outstanding
Equity Interests of the Borrower in the election of directors, (b) the Board of
Directors of the Borrower shall cease to consist of a majority of Continuing
Directors or (c) a "change of control" or similar event shall occur as provided
in the Second-Lien Note Documents, the Third-Lien Credit Documents or any other
credit agreement, indenture or similar agreement in connection with indebtedness
in an aggregate principal amount in excess of $1,000,000.

                "Change of Law" shall have the meaning provided in Section
10.06.

                "Chicago Assets" means the Telecommunications Assets owned by
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are, on the Initial Borrowing Date,
physically located in the Chicago, Illinois metropolitan area and utilized to
provide telecommunications services to customers of the Borrower or its
Subsidiaries in the Chicago, Illinois metropolitan area plus (i) such additional
Telecommunications Assets as are, after the Initial Borrowing Date, acquired for
such cable systems and located in the Chicago, Illinois metropolitan area
pursuant to Capital Expenditures made in accordance with Section 9.07, (ii)
related net working capital and (iii) Equity Interests in Persons that own no
assets other than such assets; provided, however that assets described in clause
(1) and (2) on Schedule XIV hereto shall not constitute Chicago Assets.

                "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued
thereunder. Section references to the Code are to the Code as in effect at the
date of this Agreement and any subsequent provisions of the Code amendatory
thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted therefor.

                "Collateral" shall mean all property (whether real or personal)
with respect to which any security interests have been granted (or purported to
be granted) pursuant to any Security Document, including, without limitation,
all Pledge Agreement Collateral, all Security Agreement Collateral, all
Mortgaged Properties and all cash and Cash Equivalents delivered as collateral
pursuant to Section 4.02 or 10.

                "Collateral Agent" shall mean the Administrative Agent acting as
collateral agent for the Secured Creditors pursuant to the Security Documents.

                "Commitment" shall mean any of the commitments of any Lender,
i.e., either a Term Loan Commitment or a L/C Commitment.

                "Communications Act" shall have the meaning provided in Section
7.24.

                "Confirmation Order" shall mean the order of the Bankruptcy
Court confirming the Plan of Reorganization, which order shall be a Final Order.

                "Consolidated Current Assets" shall mean, at any time, the
consolidated current assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at such time.

                                      -79-
<PAGE>

                "Consolidated Current Liabilities" shall mean, at any time, the
consolidated current liabilities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at such
time, but excluding the current portion of any Indebtedness under this Agreement
and the current portion of any other long-term Indebtedness which would
otherwise be included therein.

                "Consolidated EBITDA" shall mean, for any period, Consolidated
Net Income for such period, without giving effect (x) to any extraordinary gains
or any extraordinary non-cash losses (except to the extent that any such
extraordinary non-cash losses will require a cash payment in a future period)
and (y) to any gains or losses from sales of assets other than from sales of
inventory in the ordinary course of business, adjusted by (1) adding thereto (i)
the consolidated interest expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such
period (to the extent that such consolidated interest expense was deducted in
arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period), (ii) provisions for taxes
based on income that were deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net Income for
such period, (iii) the amount of all amortization of intangibles and
depreciation that were deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such
period, (iv) the amount of all expenses incurred in connection with the
Transaction for such period to the extent that same were deducted in arriving at
Consolidated Net Income for such period, (v) the amount of all non-cash deferred
compensation expense for such period to the extent that same was deducted in
arriving at the Consolidated Net Income for such period (vi) to the extent taken
after the Initial Borrowing Date but on or prior to June 30, 2005 and deducted
in arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period, non-recurring fees,
expenses and charges in connection with, or contemplated by, the emergence of
the Debtors-In-Possession from a Chapter 11 proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code
and reorganization and operational restructuring resulting therefrom in an
aggregate amount not to exceed $29,600,000 and (vii) any non-cash, non-recurring
charges and any non-cash charges associated with stock-based compensation;
provided that if any cash amounts are paid in any subsequent period with respect
to amounts described above in this clause (vii), the amounts so paid in any
subsequent period shall be subtracted in determining Consolidated EBITDA for
such subsequent period as provided in clause 2(i) below, and (2) deducting
therefrom (i) the amount of all cash payments during such period that are
associated with any non-cash loss, change (including, without limitation, as
described in preceding clause (1)(vii)) or expense that was added back to
Consolidated Net Income in a previous period and (ii) the amount of all
consolidated interest income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to the extent
same increased Consolidated Net Income for such period; it being understood that
in determining the Total Leverage Ratio and the Adjusted Leverage Ratio,
Consolidated EBITDA for any period shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to
give effect to any Acquired Entity or Business acquired during such period
pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition, and to any Material Asset Sale effected
during such period; provided that, for purposes of any determination of
Consolidated EBITDA for the purposes of determining the Total Leverage Ratio or
the Adjusted Leverage Ratio for any Test Period ending on or prior to September
30, 2005, Consolidated EBITDA for such Test Period shall be Consolidated EBITDA
for that portion of such Test Period occurring on and after January 1, 2005
multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is 365 and the denominator of
which is the number of days elapsed from January 1, 2005 to the last day of such
Test Period (in each case taken as one accounting period).

                "Consolidated Indebtedness" shall mean, at any time, the sum of
(without duplication) (i) all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
(on a consolidated basis) as would be required to be reflected as debt or
Capital Lease Obligations on the liability side of a

                                      -80-
<PAGE>

consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance
with GAAP, (ii) all Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries of the
type described in clauses (ii) and (viii) of the definition of Indebtedness and
(iii) all Contingent Obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect
of Indebtedness of any third Person of the type referred to in preceding clauses
(i) and (ii); provided that the sum of the aggregate amount available to be
drawn (i.e., unfunded amounts) under all letters of credit, bankers'
acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar obligations issued for
the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (but excluding, for
avoidance of doubt, all unpaid drawings or other matured monetary obligations
owing in respect of such letters of credit, bankers' acceptances, bank
guaranties, surety bonds and similar obligations) shall not be included in any
determination of "Consolidated Indebtedness".

                "Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio" shall mean, for any
period, the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Expense for
such period.

                "Consolidated Interest Expense" shall mean, for any period, the
sum of the total consolidated interest expense of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries for such period (calculated without regard to any limitations on
the payment thereof) plus, without duplication, that portion of Capitalized
Lease Obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries representing the interest
factor for such period; provided that the amortization of deferred financing,
legal and accounting costs with respect to this Agreement, the Second-Lien Note
Indenture and the Third-Lien Credit Agreement in each case shall be excluded
from Consolidated Interest Expense to the extent same would otherwise have been
included therein.

                "Consolidated Net Income" shall mean, for any period, the net
income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period,
determined on a consolidated basis (after any deduction for minority interests),
provided that (i) in determining Consolidated Net Income, the net income of any
other Person which is not a Subsidiary of the Borrower or is accounted for by
the Borrower by the equity method of accounting shall be included only to the
extent of the payment of cash dividends or cash distributions by such other
Person to the Borrower or a Subsidiary thereof during such period, (ii) the net
income of any Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than the Borrower) shall be
excluded to the extent that the declaration or payment of cash dividends or
similar cash distributions by that Subsidiary of that net income is not at the
date of determination permitted by operation of its charter or any agreement,
instrument or law applicable to such Subsidiary and (iii) the net income (or
loss) of any other Person acquired by the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the
Borrower in a pooling of interests transaction for any period prior to the date
of such acquisition shall be excluded.

                "Contingent Obligation" shall mean, as to any Person, any
obligation of such Person as a result of such Person being a general partner of
any other Person, unless the underlying obligation is expressly made
non-recourse as to such general partner, and any obligation of such Person
guaranteeing or intended to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or
other obligations ("primary obligations") of any other Person (the "primary
obligor") in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without
limitation, any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to
purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or
indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (x) for the purchase
or payment of any such primary obligation or (y) to maintain working capital or
equity capital of the

                                      -81-
<PAGE>

primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the
primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily
for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the
ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or
(iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation
against loss in respect thereof; provided, however, that the term Contingent
Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or
collection in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent
Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable
amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation
is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated
liability in respect thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform
thereunder) as determined by such Person in good faith.

                "Continuing Directors" shall mean the directors of the Borrower
on the Effective Date, after giving effect to the Transaction and each other
director if, in each case, such other director's nomination for election to the
board of directors of the Borrower is recommended by at least a majority of the
then Continuing Directors in his or her election by the shareholders of the
Borrower.

                "Credit Documents" shall mean this Agreement and, after the
execution and delivery thereof pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, each
Term Note, the Subsidiaries Guaranty, each Security Document, the Intercreditor
Agreement and the Securities Account Control Agreement.

                "Credit Event" shall mean the making of any Term Loan or the
issuance of any Letter of Credit.

                "Credit Party" shall mean the Borrower and each Subsidiary
Guarantor.

                "DBCI" shall mean Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch, in its
individual capacity, and any successor corporation thereto by merger,
consolidation or otherwise.

                "DBSI" shall mean Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., in its
individual capacity.

                "Debtors-In-Possession" shall mean the Borrower and each of its
Subsidiaries which, on the Initial Borrowing Date, is a debtor-in-possession
pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code.

                "Default" shall mean any event, act or condition which with
notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute an Event of Default.

                "Defaulting Lender" shall mean any Lender with respect to which
a Lender Default is in effect.

                "Dial-Up Assets" shall mean certain subscribers of internet
services via dial-up connections, including certain wiring and equipment
utilized by such subscribers, owned by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the
Initial Borrowing Date, plus (i) such additional subscribers of internet
services via dial-up connections and related assets as are, after the Initial
Borrowing Date, acquired pursuant to Capital Expenditures made in accordance
with Section 9.07, (ii) related net working capital and (iii) Equity Interests
in Persons that own no assets other than

                                      -82-
<PAGE>

such assets; it being understood and agreed that Dial-Up Assets shall not
include any assets that constitute Chicago Assets, Los Angeles Assets, Non-Core
Assets or San Francisco Assets.

                "Dial-Up Disposition Date" shall mean the date of the sale,
transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Dial-Up Assets
in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.02(xviii).

                "Disclosure Statement" shall mean the Disclosure Statement,
dated August 20, 2004, pursuant to Section 1125 of the Bankruptcy Code relating
to the Plan of Reorganization, as approved by the Bankruptcy Court, and as the
same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time in accordance with the
terms hereof and thereof.

                "Dividend" shall mean, with respect to any Person, that such
Person has declared or paid a dividend, distribution or returned any equity
capital to its stockholders, partners or members or authorized or made any other
distribution, payment or delivery of property (other than Qualified Capital
Stock of the same type as that in respect of which such dividend or distribution
is being made of such Person or rights to acquire Qualified Capital Stock of the
same type as that in respect of which such dividend or distribution is being
made of such Person) or cash to its stockholders, partners or members as such,
or redeemed, retired, purchased or otherwise acquired, directly or indirectly,
for a consideration any shares of any class of its capital stock or any
partnership or membership interests outstanding on or after the Initial
Borrowing Date (or any options or warrants issued by such Person with respect to
its capital stock or other equity interests), or set aside any funds for any of
the foregoing purposes, or shall have permitted any of its Subsidiaries to
purchase or otherwise acquire for a consideration any shares of any class of the
capital stock or any partnership or membership interests of such Person
outstanding on or after the Initial Borrowing Date (or any options or warrants
issued by such Person with respect to its capital stock or other equity
interests). Without limiting the foregoing, "Dividends" with respect to any
Person shall also include all payments made or required to be made by such
Person with respect to any stock appreciation rights, plans, equity incentive or
achievement plans or any similar plans or setting aside of any funds for the
foregoing purposes.

                "Documentation Agent" shall mean DBSI, in its capacity as such
hereunder.

                "Documents" shall mean the Credit Documents, the Second-Lien
Note Documents, the Third-Lien Credit Documents and the Plan Documents.

                "Dollars" and the sign "$" shall each mean freely transferable
lawful money of the United States.

                "Drawing" shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.05(b).

                "Effective Date" shall have the meaning provided in Section
13.10.

                "Eligible Transferee" shall mean and include a commercial bank,
an insurance company, a finance company, a financial institution, any fund that
invests in Term Loans or any other "accredited investor" (as defined in
Regulation D of the Securities Act), but in any event excluding the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries.

                                      -83-
<PAGE>

                "End Date" shall mean, for any Margin Reduction Period, the last
day of such Margin Reduction Period.

                "Environmental Claims" shall mean any and all administrative,
regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, directives,
claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigations or
proceedings relating in any way to any Environmental Law or any permit issued,
or any approval given, under any such Environmental Law (hereafter, "Claims"),
including, without limitation, (a) any and all Claims by governmental or
regulatory authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or
other actions or damages pursuant to any applicable Environmental Law, and (b)
any and all Claims by any third party seeking damages, contribution,
indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief in connection
with alleged injury or threat of injury to health, safety or the environment due
to the presence of Hazardous Materials.

                "Environmental Law" shall mean any Federal, state, foreign or
local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code, guideline, policy and
rule of common law now or hereafter in effect and in each case as amended, and
any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or
administrative order, consent decree or judgment, relating to the environment,
employee health and safety or Hazardous Materials, including, without
limitation, CERCLA; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C Section
6901 et seq.; the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33 U.S.C. Section 1251 et
seq.; the Toxic Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. Section 2601 et seq.; the
Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 7401 et seq.; the Safe Drinking Water Act, 42
U.S.C. Section 3803 et seq.; the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. Section
2701 et seq.; the Emergency Planning and the Community Right-to-Know Act of
1986, 42 U.S.C. Section 11001 et seq.; the Hazardous Material Transportation
Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801 et seq.; the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29
U.S.C. Section 651 et seq.; and any state and local or foreign counterparts or
equivalents, in each case as amended from time to time.

                "Equity Interests" shall mean of any Person shall mean any and
all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participation or
other equivalents of or interest in (however designated) equity of such Person,
including any preferred stock, any limited or general partnership interest and
any limited liability company membership interest.

                "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and
rulings issued thereunder. Section references to ERISA are to ERISA, as in
effect at the date of this Agreement and any subsequent provisions of ERISA,
amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted therefor.

                "ERISA Affiliate" shall mean each person (as defined in Section
3(9) of ERISA) which together with the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower
would be deemed to be a "single employer" (i) within the meaning of Section
414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or (ii) as a result of the Borrower or a
Subsidiary of the Borrower being or having been a general partner of such
person.

                "Eurodollar Loan" shall mean each Term Loan designated as such
by the Borrower at the time of the incurrence thereof or conversion thereto.

                                      -84-
<PAGE>

                "Eurodollar Rate" shall mean (a) the offered quotation to
first-class banks in the New York interbank Eurodollar market by the
Administrative Agent for Dollar deposits of amounts in immediately available
funds comparable to the outstanding principal amount of the Eurodollar Loan of
the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as a Lender) with maturities
comparable to the Interest Period applicable to such Eurodollar Loan commencing
two Business Days thereafter as of 10:00 A.M. (New York time) on the applicable
Interest Determination Date, divided (and rounded upward to the nearest 1/16 of
1%) by (b) a percentage equal to 100% minus the then stated maximum rate of all
reserve requirements (including, without limitation, any marginal, emergency,
supplemental, special or other reserves required by applicable law) applicable
to any member bank of the Federal Reserve System in respect of Eurocurrency
funding or liabilities as defined in Regulation D (or any successor category of
liabilities under Regulation D).

                "Event of Default" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 10.

                "Excess Cash Flow" shall mean, for any period, the remainder of
(a) the sum of, without duplication, (i) Adjusted Consolidated Net Income for
such period and (ii) the decrease, if any, in Adjusted Consolidated Working
Capital from the first day to the last day of such period, minus (b) the sum of,
without duplication, (i) the aggregate amount of all Capital Expenditures made
by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period (other than Capital
Expenditures to the extent financed with equity proceeds, Asset Sale proceeds,
insurance proceeds or Indebtedness), (ii) the aggregate amount of all payments
made in respect of all Permitted Acquisitions consummated by the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries during such period (other than any such payments to the extent
financed with equity proceeds, Asset Sale proceeds, insurance proceeds or
Indebtedness), (iii) the aggregate amount of permanent principal payments of
Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such
period (other than (A) repayments to the extent made with Asset Sale proceeds,
equity proceeds, insurance proceeds or Indebtedness and (B) repayments of Term
Loans, provided that repayments of Term Loans shall be deducted in determining
Excess Cash Flow to the extent such repayments were (x) required as a result of
a Scheduled Repayment under Section 4.02(b) or (y) made as a voluntary
prepayment with internally generated funds), and (iv) the increase, if any, in
Adjusted Consolidated Working Capital from the first day to the last day of such
period.

                "Excess Cash Payment Date" shall mean April 15 of each year
(commencing on April 15, 2006).

                "Excess Cash Payment Period" shall mean, with respect to the
repayment required on each Excess Cash Payment Date, the immediately preceding
fiscal year of the Borrower.

                "Existing Indebtedness" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 7.21.

                "FCC" shall mean the U.S. Federal Communications Commission, or
any successor thereto.

                "FCC Licenses" shall have the meaning provided in Section
7.24(a).

                "Facing Fee" shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.01(d).

                                      -85-
<PAGE>

                "Fair Market Value" shall mean, with respect to any asset, the
price at which a willing buyer, not an Affiliate of the seller, and a willing
seller who does not have to sell, would agree to purchase and sell such asset,
as determined in good faith by the board of directors or other governing body
or, pursuant to a specific delegation of authority by such board of directors or
governing body, a designated senior executive officer, of the Borrower, or the
Subsidiary of the Borrower selling such asset.

                "Federal Funds Rate" shall mean, for any period, a fluctuating
interest rate equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of
the rates on overnight Federal Funds transactions with members of the Federal
Reserve System arranged by Federal Funds brokers, as published for such day (or,
if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any
day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such
transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal Funds
brokers of recognized standing selected by the Administrative Agent.

                "Fees" shall mean all amounts payable pursuant to or referred to
in Section 3.01.

                "Final Maturity Date" shall mean (x) with respect to Term Loans
December 21, 2011, and (y) with respect to Letters of Credit December 21, 2009.

                "Final Order" shall mean an order of the Bankruptcy Court
entered by the Bankruptcy Court, which has not been reversed, vacated or stayed
and as to which the time to appeal, petition for certiorari, or to move for a
new trial has expired and as to which no appeal, writ of certiorari or request
for a new trial shall then be pending.

                "Foreign Pension Plan" shall mean each employee benefit plan,
employment, bonus, incentive, stock purchase and stock option plan, program,
agreement or arrangement; and each severance, termination pay, salary
continuation, retention, accrued leave, vacation, sick pay, sick leave, medical,
life insurance, disability, accident, profit-sharing, fringe benefit, pension,
deferred compensation or other retirement or superannuation plan, fund, program,
agreement, commitment or arrangement sponsored, established, maintained or
contributed to, or required to be contributed to, or with respect to which any
liability is borne, outside the fifty states of the United States of America, by
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, any such
plan, fund, program, agreement or arrangement sponsored by a government or
governmental entity.

                "Foreign Person" means any Person that is not a "United States
person" as defined in Section 7701(a)(3) of the Code.

                "GAAP" shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States of America as in effect from time-to-time; provided that
determinations in accordance with GAAP for purposes of Sections 4.02, 8.15 and
9, including defined terms as used therein, are subject (to the extent provided
therein) to Section 13.07(a).

                "Governmental Authorizations" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 7.24(b).

                                      -86-
<PAGE>

                "Hazardous Materials" shall mean (a) any petroleum or petroleum
products, radioactive materials, asbestos in any form that is or could become
friable, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, dielectric fluid containing levels
of polychlorinated biphenyls, and radon gas; (b) any chemicals, materials or
substances defined as or included in the definition of "hazardous substances,"
"hazardous waste," "hazardous materials," "extremely hazardous substances,"
"restricted hazardous waste," "toxic substances," "toxic pollutants,"
"contaminants," or "pollutants," or words of similar import, under any
applicable Environmental Law; and (c) any other chemical, material or substance,
the exposure to, or Release of which is prohibited, limited or regulated by any
governmental authority.

                "Indebtedness" shall mean, as to any Person, without
duplication, (i) all indebtedness (including principal, interest, fees and
charges) of such Person for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of
property or services, (ii) the maximum amount available to be drawn under all
letters of credit, bankers' acceptances and similar obligations issued for the
account of such Person and all unpaid drawings in respect of such letters of
credit, bankers' acceptances and similar obligations, (iii) all Indebtedness of
the types described in clause (i), (ii), (iv), (v), (vi) or (vii) of this
definition secured by any Lien on any property owned by such Person, whether or
not such Indebtedness has been assumed by such Person (provided that, if the
Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable in respect of such
Indebtedness, such Indebtedness shall be deemed to be in an amount equal to the
fair market value of the property to which such Lien relates as determined in
good faith by such Person), (iv) the aggregate amount of all Capitalized Lease
Obligations of such Person, (v) all obligations of such Person to pay a
specified purchase price for goods or services, whether or not delivered or
accepted, i.e., take-or-pay and similar obligations, (vi) all Contingent
Obligations of such Person, (vii) all obligations under any Interest Rate
Protection Agreement, any Other Hedging Agreement or under any similar type of
agreement and (viii) all Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities of such Person.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not include trade payables and
accrued expenses incurred by any Person in accordance with customary practices
and in the ordinary course of business of such Person. It is understood and
agreed that surety bonds obtained in the ordinary course of business (and the
related reimbursement obligations to the respective surety or sureties) for the
benefit of (and which support only obligations otherwise permitted hereunder of)
the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors (other than RCN International) shall
not be considered Indebtedness for purposes of this definition, so long as such
surety bonds do not otherwise support any obligation that would constitute
Indebtedness.

                "Initial Borrowing Date" shall mean the date occurring on or
after the Effective Date on which the initial Borrowing of Term Loans occurs.

                "Intercompany Loan" shall have the meaning provided in Section
9.05(vii).

                "Intercompany Note" shall mean a promissory note, in the form of
Exhibit N, evidencing Intercompany Loans.

                "Intercreditor Agreement" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 5.01(s).

                                      -87-
<PAGE>

                "Interest Determination Date" shall mean, with respect to any
Eurodollar Loan, the second Business Day prior to the commencement of any
Interest Period relating to such Eurodollar Loan.

                "Interest Period" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 1.09.

                "Interest Rate Protection Agreement" shall mean any interest
rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest collar agreement,
interest rate hedging agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement.

                "Intertainer" means Intertainer Inc., a Delaware Corporation.

                "Investments" shall have the meaning provided in Section 9.05.

                "Issuing Lender" shall mean each of DBCI (except as otherwise
provided in Section 12.09) and any other Lender reasonably acceptable to the
Administrative Agent which agrees to issue Letters of Credit hereunder, provided
that until such time as it agrees otherwise, DBCI shall not be an Issuing Lender
with respect to any trade Letter of Credit. Any Issuing Lender may, in its
discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by one or
more Affiliates of such issuing Lender.

                "L/C Commitment" shall mean, for each Lender, the amount set
forth opposite such Lender's name in Schedule I directly below the column
entitled "L/C Commitment," as the same may be terminated pursuant to Sections
3.03 and/or 10.

                "L/C Commitment Commission" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 3.01(a).

                "L/C Lender" shall mean each Lender which has an L/C Commitment
or, after the termination of the L/C Commitments, is a Participant in Letter of
Credit Outstandings.

                "L/C Percentage" means shall have the meaning provided in
Section 2.04(a).

                "L/C Percentage" of any Lender at any time shall mean a fraction
(expressed as a percentage) the numerator of which is the L/C Commitment of such
Lender and the denominator of which is the Total L/C Commitment at such time;
provided that if the L/C Percentage of any Lender is to be determined after the
Total L/C Commitment has been terminated, then the L/C Percentage of the Lenders
shall be determined immediately prior (and without giving effect) to such
termination, but adjusted for any assignments of L/C Commitments or related
outstandings pursuant to this Agreement by such Lender after the date of such
termination.

                "L/C Supportable Obligations" shall mean (i) obligations of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to workers compensation, surety
bonds and other similar statutory obligations and (ii) such other obligations of
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as are reasonably acceptable to the
respective Issuing Lender and otherwise permitted to exist pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement.

                                      -88-
<PAGE>

                "Lead Arranger and Book Manager" shall mean DBSI, in its
capacity as such hereunder.

                "Leaseholds" of any Person shall mean all the right, title and
interest of such Person as lessee or licensee in, to and under leases or
licenses of land, improvements and/or fixtures.

                "Lender" shall mean each financial institution listed on
Schedule I, as well as any Person that becomes a "Lender" hereunder pursuant to
Section 1.13 or 13.04(b).

                "Lender Default" shall mean (i) the refusal (which has not been
retracted) or the failure of a Lender to make available its portion of any
Borrowing or to fund its portion of any unreimbursed payment under Section
2.04(c) or (ii) a Lender having notified in writing the Borrower and/or the
Administrative Agent that such Lender does not intend to comply with its
obligations under Section 1.01 or 2.

                "Letter of Credit" shall have the meaning provided in Section
2.01(a).

                "Letter of Credit Fee" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 3.01(b).

                "Letter of Credit Outstandings" shall mean, at any time, the sum
of (i) the Stated Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit and (ii) the
aggregate amount of all Unpaid Drawings in respect of all Letters of Credit.

                "Letter of Credit Request" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 2.03(a).

                "Lien" shall mean any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation,
assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other),
preference, priority or other security agreement of any kind or nature
whatsoever (including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title
retention agreement, any financing or similar statement or notice filed under
the UCC or any other similar recording or notice statute, and any lease having
substantially the same effect as any of the foregoing).

                "Los Angeles Assets" means the Telecommunications Assets owned
by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are, on the Initial Borrowing Date,
physically located in the Los Angeles, California metropolitan area and utilized
to provide telecommunications services to customers of the Borrower or its
Subsidiaries in the Los Angeles, California metropolitan area plus (i) such
additional Telecommunications Assets as are, after the Initial Borrowing Date,
acquired for such cable systems and located in the Los Angeles, California
metropolitan area pursuant to Capital Expenditures made in accordance with
Section 9.07, (ii) related net working capital and (iii) Equity Interests in
Persons that own no assets other than such assets.

                "Management Agreements" shall mean all material agreements
entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the
management of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after giving effect to the
Transaction (including consulting agreements and other management advisory
agreements but excluding employment agreements).

                                      -89-
<PAGE>

                "Margin Reduction Period" shall mean each period which shall
commence on the date upon which the respective officer's certificate is
delivered pursuant to Section 8.01(f) (together with the related financial
statements pursuant to Section 8.01(b) or (c), as the case may be) and which
shall end on the date of actual delivery of the next officer's certificate
pursuant to Section 8.01(f) (and related financial statements) or the latest
date on which such next officer's certificate (and related financial statements)
is required to be so delivered; it being understood that the first Margin
Reduction Period shall commence with the delivery of the Borrower's financial
statements (and related officer's certificate) in respect of its fiscal quarter
ending closest to March 31, 2005.

                "Margin Stock" shall have the meaning provided in Regulation U.

                "Material Adverse Effect" shall mean (i) a material adverse
effect on the business, operations, property, assets, liabilities, condition
(financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole since December 31, 2003 (other than the commencement of the
bankruptcy cases filed prior to the Initial Borrowing Date with respect to the
Debtors-In-Possession) or (ii) a material adverse effect (x) on the rights or
remedies of the Lenders or the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other
Credit Document or (y) on the ability of any Credit Party to perform its
obligations to the Lenders or Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other
Credit Document.

                "Material Asset Sale" shall mean any Asset Sale where the gross
proceeds received by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (taking the amount of
cash and Cash Equivalents received, the principal amount of Indebtedness
received and the fair market value of all other consideration) is in excess of
$5,000,000.

                "Megacable Entities" shall mean, collectively, Megacable, S.A.
de C.V., Megacable Telecommunications, S.A. de C.V. and MCM Holdings, S.A. de
C.V.

                "Minimum Borrowing Amount" shall mean for Term Loans,
$5,000,000.

                "Moody's" shall mean Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

                "Mortgage" shall mean a mortgage, leasehold mortgage, deed of
trust, leasehold deed of trust, deed to secure debt, leasehold deed to secure
debt or similar security instrument.

                "Mortgage Policy" shall mean a mortgage title insurance policy
or a binding commitment with respect thereto.

                "Mortgaged Property" shall mean any Real Property owned or
leased by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which is encumbered (or
required to be encumbered) by a Mortgage.

                "NAIC" shall mean the National Association of Insurance
Commissioners.

                "Net Debt Proceeds" shall mean, with respect to any incurrence
of Indebtedness for borrowed money, the cash proceeds (net of underwriting
discounts and commissions and

                                      -90-
<PAGE>

other reasonable costs and expenses associated therewith) received by the
respective Person from the respective incurrence of such Indebtedness for
borrowed money.

                "Net Equity Proceeds" shall mean, with respect to each issuance
or sale of any equity by any Person or any capital contribution to such Person,
the cash proceeds (net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other
reasonable costs and expenses associated therewith) received by such Person from
the respective sale or issuance of its equity or from the respective capital
contribution.

                "Net Insurance Proceeds" shall mean, with respect to any
Recovery Event, the cash proceeds (net of the (x) marginal increase in taxes
reasonably expected to be payable with respect to the fiscal year in which such
event occurred as a result thereof and reasonable costs and expenses incurred in
connection with such Recovery Event and (y) all cash amounts required to be
applied as the result of such event to repay Indebtedness (other than
Indebtedness hereunder or under the Second-Lien Credit Documents or the
Third-Lien Note Documents) of the Borrower or the respective Subsidiary secured
by such asset) received by the respective Person in connection with such
Recovery Event.

                "Net Sale Proceeds" shall mean, for any Asset Sale, the gross
cash proceeds (including any cash received by way of deferred payment pursuant
to a promissory note, receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received)
received from such sale of assets, net of the reasonable costs and expenses of
such sale (including fees and commissions, payments of unassumed liabilities
relating to the assets sold and required payments of any Indebtedness (other
than Indebtedness secured pursuant to the Security Documents) which is secured
by the respective assets which were sold), and the marginal increase in taxes
reasonably expected to be payable with respect to the fiscal year in which such
Asset Sale occurred as a result thereof and the amount of any reserves
established by the Borrower and the Subsidiaries to fund contingent liabilities
reasonably estimated to be payable within one year of the date of such Asset
Sale, and that are directly attributable to such Asset Sale (as determined
reasonably and in good faith by the chief financial officer of the Borrower);
provided, that (x) the unused portion of any such reserves shall constitute Net
Sale Proceeds and be required to be used to prepay Loans in accordance with
Section 4.02(e) on the date occurring one year from the respective Asset Sale or
(y) if any such reserves are otherwise reversed or released, an amount equal to
the amount of such reversal or release shall be deemed to constitute Net Sale
Proceeds received at the time of such reversal or release and shall be used to
prepay Loans in accordance with Section 4.02(e).

                "New Jersey Property" shall mean the real property owned by RCN
Telecom Services, Inc., on the Initial Borrowing Date and located at 65-75 River
Road, Nutley, New Jersey.

                "New York Microwave Subscribers" shall mean certain subscribers
of telecommunication, video or broadband services delivered via microwave,
including certain wiring and equipment utilized by such subscribers, owned by
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are, on the Initial Borrowing Date,
physically located in New York City and Northern New Jersey plus (i) such
additional subscribers of telecommunication, video or broadband services
delivered via microwave and related assets as are, after the Initial Borrowing
Date, acquired and located in New York City and Northern New Jersey pursuant to
Capital Expenditures made in

                                      -91-
<PAGE>

accordance with Section 9.07, (ii) related net working capital and (iii) Equity
Interests in Persons that own no assets other than such assets.

                "Non-Core Assets" shall mean the New York Microwave Subscribers
and the assets listed on Schedule XIV hereto; it being understood and agreed
that Non-Core Assets shall not include any assets that constitute Chicago
Assets, Dial-Up Assets, Los Angeles Assets, or San Francisco Assets.

                "Non-Defaulting Lender" shall mean and include each Lender other
than a Defaulting Lender.

                "Non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" shall mean any Subsidiary of the
Borrower that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower.

                "Notice of Borrowing" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 1.03(a).

                "Notice of Conversion/Continuation" shall have the meaning
provided in Section 1.06.

                "Notice of Plan Effective Date" shall mean the notice from the
Borrower certifying that the effective date for the Plan of Reorganization has
occurred.

                "Notice Office" shall mean (i) for credit notices, the office of
the Administrative Agent located at 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005,
Attention: Alexander Richarz, Telephone No.: (212) 250-6142, and Telecopier No.:
(212) 797-5692 and (ii) for operational notices, the office of the
Administrative Agent located at 90 Hudson Street, 5th Floor, Jersey City, New
Jersey 07302, Attention: John Quinn, Telephone No.: (201) 593-2177 and
Telecopier No.: 201-593-2310, or such other office or person as the
Administrative Agent may hereafter designate in writing as such to the other
parties hereto.

                "Obligations" shall mean all amounts owing to the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent, any other Agent, any Issuing Lender, or any Lender
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Credit Document.

                "Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities" of any Person shall mean (i) any
repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or
notes receivable sold by such Person, (ii) any liability of such Person under
any sale and leaseback transactions that do not create a liability on the
balance sheet of such Person, (iii) any obligation under a Synthetic Lease or
(iv) any obligation arising with respect to any other transaction which is the
functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not
constitute a liability on the balance sheet of such Person.

                "Other Hedging Agreements" shall mean any foreign exchange
contracts, currency swap agreements, commodity agreements or other similar
arrangements, or arrangements designed to protect against fluctuations in
currency values or commodity prices.

                "Participant" shall have the meaning provided in Section
2.04(a).

                                      -92-
<PAGE>

                "Payment Office" shall mean the office of the Administrative
Agent located at 90 Hudson Street, 5th Floor, Jersey City, New Jersey or such
other office as the Administrative Agent may hereafter designate in writing as
such to the other parties hereto.

                "PBGC" shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
established pursuant to Section 4002 of ERISA, or any successor thereto.

                "Permitted Acquisition" shall mean the acquisition by the
Borrower or a Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower which is a
Subsidiary Guarantor of an Acquired Entity or Business (including by way of
merger of such Acquired Entity or Business with and into the Borrower (so long
as the Borrower is the surviving corporation) or a Wholly-Owned Domestic
Subsidiary of the Borrower which is a Subsidiary Guarantor (so long as the
Subsidiary Guarantor is the surviving corporation)), provided that (in each
case) (A) the consideration paid or to be paid by the Borrower or such
Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary consists solely of cash, the issuance or
incurrence of Indebtedness otherwise permitted by Section 9.04 and the
assumption/acquisition of any Indebtedness (calculated at face value) which is
permitted to remain outstanding in accordance with the requirements of Section
9.04, (B) in the case of the acquisition of 100% of the capital stock or other
Equity Interests of any Person (including way of merger), such Person shall own
no capital stock or other equity interests of any other Person (excluding de
minimis amounts) unless such Person owns 100% of the capital stock or other
Equity Interests of such other Person, (C) all of the business, division or
product line acquired pursuant to the respective Permitted Acquisition, or the
business of the Person acquired pursuant to the respective Permitted Acquisition
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, is in the United States, (D) the Acquired
Entity or Business acquired pursuant to the respective Permitted Acquisition is
in a business permitted by Section 9.15 and (E) all applicable requirements of
Sections 8.15, 9.02 and 9.19 applicable to Permitted Acquisitions are satisfied.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the immediately preceding
sentence, an acquisition which does not otherwise meet the requirements set
forth above in the definition of "Permitted Acquisition" shall constitute a
Permitted Acquisition if, and to the extent, the Required Lenders agree in
writing, prior to the consummation thereof, that such acquisition shall
constitute a Permitted Acquisition for purposes of this Agreement.

                "Permitted Acquisition Amount" shall mean, at any time the
Adjusted Leverage Ratio is within a range set forth below, the amount set forth
opposite such Adjusted Leverage Ratio range set forth below:

                                                             Permitted
                                                            Acquisition
                Adjusted Leverage Ratio                        Amount
                -----------------------------------        -------------
                Greater than 5.00:1.00                     $   5,000,000

                Greater  than  4.00:1.00,  but less
                 than or equal to 5.00:1.00                $  10,000,000

                Greater  than  2.50:1.00,  but less
                 than or equal to 4.00:1.00                $  15,000,000

                Less than or equal to 2.50:1.00            $  25,000,000

                                      -93-
<PAGE>

Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to delivery of financial statements
pursuant to Section 8.01(b) for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2005, the
Permitted Acquisition Amount shall be deemed to be $0.

                "Permitted Encumbrance" shall mean, with respect to any
Mortgaged Property, such exceptions to title as are set forth in the Mortgage
Policy delivered with respect thereto, all of which exceptions must be
acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion.

                "Permitted Liens" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 9.01.

                "Person" shall mean any individual, partnership, joint venture,
firm, corporation, association, limited liability company, trust or other
enterprise or any government or political subdivision or any agency, department
or instrumentality thereof.

                "Plan" shall mean any pension plan as defined in Section 3(2) of
ERISA, which is maintained or contributed to by (or to which there is an
obligation to contribute of) the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower or an
ERISA Affiliate, and each such plan for the five year period immediately
following the latest date on which the Borrower, a Subsidiary of the Borrower or
an ERISA Affiliate maintained, contributed to or had an obligation to contribute
to such plan.

                "Plan Documents" shall have the meaning provided in the Plan of
Reorganization.

                "Plan of Reorganization" shall mean the chapter 11 plan of
reorganization relating to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries subject thereto,
dated August 20, 2004, including the exhibits and schedules thereto, as the same
may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with
the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and the terms thereof and hereof.

                "Pledge Agreement" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 5.01(p).

                "Pledge Agreement Collateral" shall mean all "Collateral" as
defined in the Pledge Agreement.

                "Pledgee" shall have the meaning provided in the Pledge
Agreement.

                "Prepayment Premium" shall mean with respect to all prepayments
of principal of Term Loans made pursuant to Section 4.01 with proceeds received
by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries from the incurrence of Indebtedness or in
anticipation of the incurrence of any Indebtedness and all mandatory repayments
of principal of Term Loans made pursuant to Sections 4.02(d) and (e) (other than
mandatory repayments of less than $5,000,000 required to be made pursuant to
Section 4.02(e) with Net Sale Proceeds from Asset Sales so long as the aggregate
amount of all such mandatory repayments does not exceed $5,000,000 per fiscal
year) and (i) prior to the second anniversary of the Initial Borrowing Date, an
amount equal to 2.0% of the principal amount so prepaid or repaid and (ii) after
the second anniversary of the Initial Borrowing Date but prior to the third
anniversary of the Initial Borrowing Date, an amount equal to 1.0% of the
principal amount so prepaid or repaid.

                                      -94-
<PAGE>

                "Pro Forma Basis" shall mean, in connection with any calculation
of compliance with any financial covenant or financial term, the calculation
thereof after giving effect on a pro forma basis to (x) the incurrence of any
Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness, except to the extent same is
incurred to refinance other outstanding Indebtedness or to finance a Permitted
Acquisition) after the first day of the relevant Calculation Period as if such
Indebtedness had been incurred (and the proceeds thereof applied) on the first
day of the relevant Calculation Period, (y) the permanent repayment of any
Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness except to the extent accompanied
by a corresponding permanent commitment reduction) after the first day of the
relevant Calculation Period as if such Indebtedness had been retired or redeemed
on the first day of the relevant Calculation Period and/or (z) the Permitted
Acquisition, if any, then being consummated as well as any other Permitted
Acquisition or Material Asset Sale consummated after the first day of the
relevant Calculation Period and on or prior to the date of the respective
Permitted Acquisition then being effected, as the case may be, with the
following rules to apply in connection therewith:

                (i)     all Indebtedness (x) (other than revolving Indebtedness,
        except to the extent same is incurred to refinance other outstanding
        Indebtedness or to finance a Permitted Acquisition) incurred or issued
        after the first day of the relevant Calculation Period (whether incurred
        to finance a Permitted Acquisition, to refinance Indebtedness or
        otherwise) shall be deemed to have been incurred or issued (and the
        proceeds thereof applied) on the first day of the respective Calculation
        Period and remain outstanding through the date of determination and (y)
        (other than revolving Indebtedness except to the extent accompanied by a
        corresponding permanent commitment reduction) permanently retired or
        redeemed after the first day of the relevant Calculation Period shall be
        deemed to have been retired or redeemed on the first day of the
        respective Calculation Period and remain retired through the date of
        determination;

                (ii)    all Indebtedness assumed to be outstanding pursuant to
        preceding clause (i) shall be deemed to have borne interest at (x) the
        rate applicable thereto, in the case of fixed rate indebtedness, or (y)
        at the rate which would have been applicable thereto on the last day of
        the respective Calculation Period, in the case of floating rate
        Indebtedness (although interest expense with respect to any Indebtedness
        for periods while same was actually outstanding during the respective
        period shall be calculated using the actual rates applicable thereto
        while same was actually outstanding); and

                (iii)   in making any determination of Consolidated EBITDA, pro
        forma effect shall be given to any Permitted Acquisition or Material
        Asset Sale consummated during the periods described above, with such
        Consolidated EBITDA to be determined as if such Permitted Acquisition or
        Material Asset Sale was consummated on the first day of the relevant
        Calculation Period, taking into account, for any portion of the relevant
        period being tested occurring prior to the consummation of any Permitted
        Acquisition or Material Asset Sale, demonstrable cost savings actually
        achieved simultaneously with, or to be achieved within a 1-year period
        following, the closing of the respective Permitted Acquisition or
        Material Asset Sales, which cost savings would be permitted to be
        recognized in pro forma financial statements prepared in accordance with
        Regulation S-X under the Securities Act, as if such cost-savings were
        realized on the first day of the relevant period.

                                      -95-
<PAGE>

                "Pro Forma Financials" shall mean the pro forma consolidated
financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (after giving effect
to the Transaction and any other significant transactions in the case of said
pro forma financial statements), which Pro Forma Financials were delivered to
the Agents and the Lenders prior to the Initial Borrowing Date.

                "Projections" shall mean the projections that are contained in
the Confidential Information Memorandum dated November 2004 and that were
prepared by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with the Transaction and
delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prior to the Initial
Borrowing Date.

                "Qualified Capital Stock" shall mean any Equity Interests of the
Borrower, the express terms of which shall provide that dividends thereon shall
not be required to be paid at any time (and to the extent) that such payment
would be prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to outstanding indebtedness and
which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is
convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event
(including any change of control event), cannot mature (excluding any maturity
as the result of an optional redemption by the issuer thereof) and is not
mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, and
is not redeemable, or required to be repurchased, at the sole option of the
holder thereof (including, without limitation, upon the occurrence of an change
of control event), in whole or in part, on or prior to one year following the
latest Final Maturity Date then in effect.

                "Quarterly Payment Date" shall mean the last Business Day of
each September, December, March and June occurring after the Initial Borrowing
Date, commencing on March 31, 2005.

                "Real Property" of any Person shall mean all the right, title
and interest of such Person in and to land, improvements and fixtures, including
Leaseholds.

                "RCN International" shall mean RCN International Holdings, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation.

                "Recovery Event" shall mean the receipt by the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries of any cash insurance proceeds or condemnation awards
payable (i) by reason of theft, loss, physical destruction, damage, taking or
any other similar event with respect to any property or assets of the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) under any policy of insurance required to be
maintained under Section 8.03.

                "Register" shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.15.

                "Regulation D" shall mean Regulation D of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor
to all or a portion thereof establishing reserve requirements.

                "Regulation T" shall mean Regulation T of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor
to all or a portion thereof.

                                      -96-
<PAGE>

                "Regulation U" shall mean Regulation U of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor
to all or a portion thereof.

                "Regulation X" shall mean Regulation X of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System as from time to time in effect and any successor
to all or a portion thereof.

               "Release" shall mean actively or passively disposing,
discharging, injecting, spilling, pumping, leaking, leaching, dumping, emitting,
escaping, emptying, pouring, seeping, migrating or the like, into or upon any
land or water or air, or otherwise entering into the environment.

                "Replaced Lender" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 1.13.

                "Replacement Lender" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 1.13.

                "Reportable Event" shall mean an event described in Section
4043(c) of ERISA with respect to a Plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA
other than those events as to which the 30-day notice period is waived under
subsection .22, .23, .25, .27, .28 or .32 of PBGC Regulation Section 4043.

                "Required Lenders" shall mean Non-Defaulting Lenders the sum of
whose outstanding Term Loan Commitments (or after the termination thereof,
outstanding principal of Term Loans) and L/C Commitments (or after the
termination thereof, the L/C Percentages of Letter of Credit Outstandings)
represent at least 50.1% of the sum of (i) all outstanding Term Loan Commitments
(or after the termination thereof, outstanding principal of Term Loans) of
Non-Defaulting Lenders and (ii) the Total L/C Commitment of all Non-Defaulting
Lenders (or after the termination thereof, the aggregate L/C Percentages of all
Non-Defaulting Lenders of Letter of Credit Outstandings at such time).

                "Required Unrestricted Cash Amount" shall mean at any time the
Adjusted Leverage Ratio (as determined from the financial statements last
delivered pursuant to Section 8.01(b) or (c), as the case may be) is within a
range set forth below, the amount of Unrestricted Cash opposite such Adjusted
Leverage Ratio Range set forth below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Minimum Required Unrestricted
                Adjusted Leverage Ratio                   cash and Cash Equivalents
                -----------------------------------     -----------------------------
                <S>                                              <C>
                Greater than 6.50:1.00                           $ 85,000,000

                Greater  than  5.50:1.00, but less
                 than or equal to 6.50:1.00                      $ 80,000,000

                Greater  than  4.50:1.00, but less
                 than or equal to 5.50:1.00                      $ 70,000,000
</TABLE>

                                      -97-
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                <S>                                              <C>
                Greater  than  3.50:1.00, but less than
                 or equal to 4.50:1.00                           $ 60,000,000

                Greater  than  3.00:1.00, but less than
                 or equal to 3.50:1.00                           $ 50,000,000

                Greater  than  2.50:1.00, but less than
                 or equal to 3.00:1.00                           $ 25,000,000

                Less than or equal to 2.50:1.00                  $          0
</TABLE>

Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to delivery of financial statements
pursuant to Section 8.01(b) for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2005, the
Adjusted Leverage Ratio shall be deemed to be greater than 6.50:1.00 (and the
Required Unrestricted Cash Amount until such time shall be $85,000,000).

                "Restricted" shall mean, when referring to cash or Cash
Equivalents of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, that such cash or Cash
Equivalents (i) appears (or would be required to appear) as "restricted" on a
consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower or of any such Subsidiary, (ii) are
subject to any Lien in favor of any Person other than the Collateral Agent for
the benefit of the Secured Creditors or (iii) are not otherwise generally
available for use by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

                "Returns" shall have the meaning provided in Section 7.09.

                "Rollover Amount" shall have the meaning provided in Section
9.07(b).

                "S&P" shall mean Standard & Poor's Rating Services, a division
of McGraw-Hill, Inc., or any successor thereto.

                "San Francisco Assets" means the Telecommunications Assets owned
by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are, on the Initial Borrowing Date,
physically located in the San Francisco, California metropolitan area and
utilized to provide telecommunications services to customers of the Borrower or
its Subsidiaries in the San Francisco, California metropolitan area plus (i)
such additional Telecommunications Assets as are, after the Initial Borrowing
Date, acquired for such cable systems and located in the San Francisco,
California metropolitan area pursuant to Capital Expenditures made in accordance
with Section 9.07, (ii) related net working capital and (iii) Equity Interests
in Persons that own no assets other than such assets.

                "Schedule" shall mean the schedules attached hereto.

                "Scheduled Repayment" shall have the meaning provided in Section
4.02(b).

                "Scheduled Repayment Date" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 4.02(b).

                "SEC" shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.01(h).

                                      -98-
<PAGE>

                "Second-Lien Administrative Agent" shall mean the "Trustee"
(including in its capacity as collateral agent under the Second-Line Note
Documents) under and as defined in the Second-Lien Note Indenture.

                "Second-Lien Collateral Agent" shall mean the "Trustee" under
and as defined in the Second-Lien Note Documents.

                "Second-Lien Note Documents" shall mean the Second-Lien Note
Indenture, and the related guarantees, pledge agreements, security agreements,
mortgages, notes and other agreements and instruments entered into in connection
with the Second-Lien Note Indenture, in each case as the same may be amended,
modified and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof.

                "Second-Lien Note Indenture" shall mean that certain Indenture,
dated as of the date hereof, among the Borrower, the Second-Lien Administrative
Agent and various lenders from time to time party thereto, as the same may be
amended, modified and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the
terms hereof and thereof.

                "Second-Lien Notes" shall mean the 7-3/8% Convertible
Second-Lien Notes due 2012 issued by the Borrower on the Initial Borrowing Date
pursuant to the Second-Lien Note Indenture.

                "Second-Lien Security Documents" shall mean the "Security
Documents" under, and as defined in, the Second-Lien Note Indenture.

                "Section 4.04(b)(ii) Certificate" shall have the meaning
provided in Section 4.04(b)(ii).

                "Secured Creditors" shall have the meaning assigned that term in
the respective Security Documents.

                "Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                "Security Agreement" shall have the meaning provided in Section
5.01(q).

                "Security Agreement Collateral" shall mean all "Collateral" as
defined in the Security Agreement.

                "Security Document" shall mean and include each of the Security
Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, each Mortgage and, after the execution and
delivery thereof, each Additional Security Document.

                "Securities Exchange Act" the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to
time.

                "Shareholders' Agreements" shall mean all agreements (including,
without limitation, shareholders' agreements, subscription agreements and
registration rights agreements)

                                      -99-
<PAGE>

entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries governing the terms and
relative rights of the capital stock of the entity that is a party to such
agreement and any agreements entered into by shareholders relating to any such
entity with respect to its capital stock to which such entity is also a party.

                "Starpower" means Starpower Communications, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company.

                "Starpower Acquisition" means the acquisition by the Borrower of
the 50% of the Equity Interests in Starpower not owned by the Borrower for
aggregate purchase consideration not exceeding $32 million.

                "Start Date" shall mean, with respect to any Margin Reduction
Period, the first day of such Margin Reduction Period.

                "Stated Amount" of each Letter of Credit shall mean, at any
time, the maximum amount available to be drawn thereunder (in each case
determined without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could then be
met).

                "Subsidiaries Guaranty" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 5.01(o).

                "Subsidiary" shall mean, as to any Person, (i) any corporation
more than 50% of whose stock of any class or classes having by the terms thereof
ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation
(irrespective of whether or not at the time stock of any class or classes of
such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the
happening of any contingency) is at the time owned by such Person and/or one or
more Subsidiaries of such Person and (ii) any partnership, limited liability
company, association, joint venture or other entity in which such Person and/or
one or more Subsidiaries of such Person has more than a 50% equity interest at
the time.

                "Subsidiary Guarantor" shall mean each Subsidiary of the
Borrower which has executed and delivered the Subsidiaries Guaranty, with (x)
each Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower on the Initial Borrowing
Date and each subsequently acquired Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary (including
Starpower upon the consummation of the Starpower Acquisition) being required to
be a Subsidiary Guarantor.

                "Supermajority Lenders" shall mean those Non-Defaulting Lenders
which would constitute the Required Lenders under, and as defined in, this
Agreement if (x) all outstanding Obligations in respect of the L/C Commitments
were repaid in full and the Total L/C Commitment was terminated and (y) the text
"at least 50.1%" contained therein were changed to "at least 66-2/3%."

                "Syndication Agent" shall mean DBSI, in its capacity as such
hereunder.

                "Syndication Date" shall mean that date upon which the
Administrative Agent determines in its sole discretion (and notifies the
Borrower) that the primary syndication (and resultant addition of Persons as
Lenders pursuant to Section 13.04(b)) has been completed.

                                     -100-
<PAGE>

                "Synthetic Lease" means a lease transaction under which the
parties intend that (i) the lease will be treated as an "operating lease" by the
lessee and (ii) the lessee will be entitled to various tax and other benefits
ordinarily available to owners (as opposed to lessees) of like property.

                "Tax Allocation Agreements" shall mean any tax sharing or tax
allocation agreements entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

                "Tax Benefit" shall have the meaning provided in Section
4.04(c).

                "Taxes" shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.04(a).

                "Telecommunications Assets" means properties or assets utilized
directly or indirectly for the design, development, construction, installation,
operation, integration, management or provision of any telecommunications
business, including voice, video and data transmission products, services and
systems and any business reasonably related to the foregoing.

                "Term Loan" shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.01.

                "Term Loan Commitment" shall mean, for each Lender, the amount
set forth opposite such Lender's name in Schedule I directly below the column
entitled "Term Loan Commitment," as the same may be terminated pursuant to
Sections 3.03 and/or 10.

                "Term Loan Percentage" of any Term Loan Lender at any time (x)
prior to the termination of the Total Term Loan Commitment, a fraction
(expressed as a percentage) the numerator of which is the Term Loan Commitment
of such Term Loan Lender and the denominator of which is the Total Term Loan
Commitment or (y) after the Total Term Loan Commitment has terminated, (i) if
the Initial Borrowing Date has occurred, a fraction (expressed as a percentage)
the numerator of which is the outstanding principal of Term Loans of such Term
Loan Lender and the denominator of which is the aggregate principal amount of
all outstanding Term Loans or (ii) if the Initial Borrowing Date has not
occurred, the percentage for each Term Loan Lender determined as provided in
clause (x) above, based on the Term Loan Commitments of the various Term Loan
Lenders as in effect immediately before the termination of the Total Term Loan
Commitment.

                "Term Note" shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.05(a).

                "Test Period" shall mean (i) for the period ended March 31,
2005, the fiscal quarter of the Borrower then ended, (ii) for the period ended
June 30, 2005, the two consecutive fiscal quarters (taken as one accounting
period) of the Borrower then ended, (iii) for the period ended September 30,
2005, the three consecutive fiscal quarters (taken as one accounting period) of
the Borrower then ended and (iv) thereafter, each period of four consecutive
fiscal quarters of the Borrower then last ended (in each case taken as one
accounting period).

                "Third-Lien Administrative Agent" shall mean HSBC Bank USA,
National Association in its capacity as agent for the secured creditors under
the Third-Lien Credit Documents.

                                      -101-
<PAGE>

                "Third-Lien Collateral Agent" shall mean HSBC Bank USA, National
Association in its capacity as collateral agent for the secured creditors under
the Third-Lien Credit Documents.

                "Third-Lien Credit Agreement" shall mean the Credit Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof, among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto, and
HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as agent, as the same may be amended,
modified, and (or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof).

                "Third-Lien Credit Documents" shall mean the Third-Lien Credit
Agreement, and the related guarantees, pledge agreements, security agreements,
mortgages, notes and other agreements and instruments entered into in connection
with the Third-Lien Credit Agreement, in each case as the same may be amended,
modified and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof.

                "Total Commitment" shall mean, at any time, the sum of the
Commitments of each of the Lenders at such time.

                "Total L/C Commitment" shall mean, at any time, the sum of the
L/C Commitments of each of the Lenders at such time.

                "Total Consideration" shall mean, with respect to any sale or
disposition, the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents, plus the greater
of the face amount (if relevant) Fair Market Value of all other consideration,
in each case received by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries from the respective
sale or disposition.

                "Total Leverage Ratio" shall mean, at any time, the ratio of
Consolidated Indebtedness at such time to Consolidated EBITDA for the Test
Period then most recently ended.

                "Total Term Loan Commitment" shall mean, at any time, the sum of
the Term Loan Commitments of each of the Lenders at such time.

                "Total Unutilized L/C Commitment" shall mean, at any time, an
amount equal to the remainder of (x) the Total L/C Commitment then in effect
less (y) the sum of the aggregate amount of all Letter of Credit Outstandings at
such time.

                "Transaction" shall mean, collectively, (i) the consummation of
the Plan of Reorganization, (ii) the entering into of the Credit Documents and
the occurrence of the Credit Events hereunder on the Initial Borrowing Date,
(iii) the entering into of the Second-Lien Note Documents and the issuance of
all Second-Lien Notes thereunder on the Initial Borrowing Date, (iv) the
entering into of the Third-Lien Credit Documents and (v) the payment of all fees
and expenses in connection with the foregoing.

                "Treasury Rate" shall mean the yield to maturity at the Dial-Up
Disposition Date of United States Treasury securities with a constant maturity
(as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical
Release H.15 (519) which has become publicly available at least two Business
Days prior to the Dial-Up Disposition Date (or, if such Statistical Release is

                                      -102-
<PAGE>

no longer published, any publicly available source or similar market data)) most
nearly equal to the period from the Dial-Up Disposition Date to December 31,
2009; provided, however, that if the period from the Dial-Up Disposition Date to
December 31, 2009 is not equal to the constant maturity of a United States
Treasury security for which a weekly average yield is given, the Treasury Rate
shall be obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth
of a year) from the weekly average yields of United States Treasury securities
for which such yields are given, except that if the period from the Dial-Up
Disposition Date to December 31, 2009 is less than one year, the weekly average
yield on actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a
constant maturity of one year shall be used.

                "Type" shall mean the type of Term Loan determined with regard
to the interest option applicable thereto, i.e., whether a Base Rate Loan or a
Eurodollar Loan.

                "UCC" shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to
time in effect in the relevant jurisdiction.

                "Unfunded Current Liability" of any Plan shall mean the amount,
if any, by which the value of the accumulated plan benefits under the Plan
determined on a plan termination basis in accordance with actuarial assumptions
at such time consistent with those prescribed by the PBGC for purposes of
Section 4044 of ERISA, exceeds the fair market value of all plan assets
allocable to such liabilities under Title IV of ERISA (excluding any accrued but
unpaid contribution).

                "United States" and "U.S." shall each mean the United States of
America.

                "Unpaid Drawing" shall have the meaning provided in Section
2.05(a).

                "Unrestricted" shall mean, when referring to cash or Cash
Equivalents of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, that such cash or Cash
Equivalents are not Restricted.

                "Unutilized L/C Commitments" shall mean, with respect to any
Lender at any time, such Lender's L/C Commitment at such time less such Lender's
L/C Percentage of the Letter of Credit Outstandings at such time

                "Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary" shall mean, as to any Person,
any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of such Person which is incorporated or organized in
the United States or any State thereof.

                "Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary Guarantor" shall mean any
Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower, which is also a Subsidiary
Guarantor.

                "Wholly-Owned Subsidiary" shall mean, as to any Person, (i) any
corporation 100% of whose capital stock is at the time owned by such Person
and/or one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person and (ii) any
partnership, association, joint venture or other entity in which such Person
and/or one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person has a 100% equity
interest at such time.

                SECTION 12. The Administrative Agent.

                                      -103-
<PAGE>

                12.01   Appointment. The Lenders hereby irrevocably designate
and appoint DBCI as Administrative Agent (for purposes of this Section 12 and
Section 13.01, the term "Administrative Agent" also shall include DBCI in its
capacity as Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents) to act as
specified herein and in the other Credit Documents. Each Lender hereby
irrevocably authorizes, and each holder of any Term Note by the acceptance of
such Term Note shall be deemed irrevocably to authorize, the Administrative
Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement,
the other Credit Documents and any other instruments and agreements referred to
herein or therein and to exercise such powers and to perform such duties
hereunder and thereunder as are specifically delegated to or required of the
Administrative Agent by the terms hereof and thereof and such other powers as
are reasonably incidental thereto. The Administrative Agent may perform any of
its respective duties hereunder by or through its officers, directors, agents,
employees or affiliates.

                12.02   Nature of Duties. The Administrative Agent shall not
have any duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this
Agreement and in the other Credit Documents. Neither the Administrative Agent
nor any of its officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates shall be
liable for any action taken or omitted by it or them hereunder or under any
other Credit Document or in connection herewith or therewith, unless caused by
its or their gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision). The duties of
the Administrative Agent shall be mechanical and administrative in nature; the
Administrative Agent shall not have by reason of this Agreement or any other
Credit Document a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender or the holder
of any Term Note; and nothing in this Agreement or in any other Credit Document,
expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so construed as to impose upon
the Administrative Agent any obligations in respect of this Agreement or any
other Credit Document except as expressly set forth herein or therein.

                12.03   Lack of Reliance on the Administrative Agent.
Independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, each Lender
and the holder of each Term Note, to the extent it deems appropriate, has made
and shall continue to make (i) its own independent investigation of the
financial condition and affairs of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in
connection with the extensions of credit hereunder and the taking or not taking
of any action in connection herewith and (ii) its own appraisal of the
creditworthiness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and, except as expressly
provided in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or
responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender
or the holder of any Term Note with any credit or other information with respect
thereto, whether coming into its possession before the making of the Term Loans
or at any time or times thereafter. The Administrative Agent shall not be
responsible to any Lender or the holder of any Term Note for any recitals,
statements, information, representations or warranties herein or in any
document, certificate or other writing delivered in connection herewith or for
the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, perfection,
collectibility, priority or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Credit
Document or the financial condition of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
or be required to make any inquiry concerning either the performance or
observance of any of the terms, provisions or conditions of this Agreement or
any other Credit Document, or the financial condition of the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries or the existence or possible existence of any Default or Event
of Default.

                                      -104-
<PAGE>

                12.04   Certain Rights of the Administrative Agent. If the
Administrative Agent requests instructions from the Required Lenders with
respect to any act or action (including failure to act) in connection with this
Agreement or any other Credit Document, the Administrative Agent shall be
entitled to refrain from such act or taking such action unless and until the
Administrative Agent shall have received instructions from the Required Lenders;
and the Administrative Agent shall not incur liability to any Lender by reason
of so refraining. Without limiting the foregoing, neither any Lender nor the
holder of any Term Note shall have any right of action whatsoever against the
Administrative Agent as a result of the Administrative Agent acting or
refraining from acting hereunder or under any other Credit Document in
accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders.

                12.05   Reliance. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to
rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any note, writing,
resolution, notice, statement, certificate, telex, teletype or telecopier
message, cablegram, radiogram, order or other document or telephone message
signed, sent or made by any Person that the Administrative Agent believed to be
the proper Person, and, with respect to all legal matters pertaining to this
Agreement and any other Credit Document and its duties hereunder and thereunder,
upon advice of counsel selected by the Administrative Agent.

                12.06   Indemnification. To the extent the Administrative Agent
(or any affiliate thereof) is not reimbursed and indemnified by the Borrower,
the Lenders will reimburse and indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any
affiliate thereof) in proportion to their respective "percentage" as used in
determining the Required Lenders (determined as if there were no Defaulting
Lenders) for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages,
penalties, claims, actions, judgments, costs, expenses or disbursements of
whatsoever kind or nature which may be imposed on, asserted against or incurred
by the Administrative Agent (or any affiliate thereof) in performing its duties
hereunder or under any other Credit Document or in any way relating to or
arising out of this Agreement or any other Credit Document; provided that no
Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses,
damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or
disbursements resulting from the Administrative Agent's (or such affiliate's)
gross negligence or willful misconduct (as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision).

                12.07   The Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity.
With respect to its obligation to make Term Loans, or issue or participate in
Letters of Credit, under this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall have the
rights and powers specified herein for a "Lender" and may exercise the same
rights and powers as though it were not performing the duties specified herein;
and the term "Lender," "Required Lenders," "Supermajority Lenders," "holders of
Term Notes" or any similar terms shall, unless the context clearly indicates
otherwise, include the Administrative Agent in its respective individual
capacities. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates may accept deposits
from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of banking, investment
banking, trust or other business with, or provide debt financing, equity capital
or other services (including financial advisory services) to any Credit Party or
any Affiliate of any Credit Party (or any Person engaged in a similar business
with any Credit Party or any Affiliate thereof) as if they were not performing
the duties specified herein, and may accept fees and other consideration from
any Credit Party or any Affiliate of any Credit

                                      -105-
<PAGE>

Party for services in connection with this Agreement and otherwise without
having to account for the same to the Lenders.

                12.08   Holders. The Administrative Agent may deem and treat the
payee of any Term Note as the owner thereof for all purposes hereof unless and
until a written notice of the assignment, transfer or endorsement thereof, as
the case may be, shall have been filed with the Administrative Agent. Any
request, authority or consent of any Person who, at the time of making such
request or giving such authority or consent, is the holder of any Term Note
shall be conclusive and binding on any subsequent holder, transferee, assignee
or endorsee, as the case may be, of such Term Note or of any Term Note or Term
Notes issued in exchange therefor.

                12.09   Resignation by the Administrative Agent. (a) The
Administrative Agent may resign from the performance of all its respective
functions and duties hereunder and/or under the other Credit Documents at any
time by giving 15 Business Days' prior written notice to the Lenders and, unless
a Default or an Event of Default under Section 10.05 then exists, the Borrower.
Any such resignation by an Administrative Agent hereunder shall also constitute
its resignation as an Issuing Lender, in which case the resigning Administrative
Agent (x) shall not be required to issue any further Letters of Credit hereunder
and (y) shall maintain all of its rights as Issuing Lender, with respect to any
Letters of Credit issued by it prior to the date of such resignation. Such
resignation shall take effect upon the appointment of a successor Administrative
Agent pursuant to clauses (b) and (c) below or as otherwise provided below.

                (b)     Upon any such notice of resignation by the
Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders shall appoint a successor
Administrative Agent hereunder or thereunder who shall be a commercial bank or
trust company reasonably acceptable to the Borrower, which acceptance shall not
be unreasonably withheld or delayed (provided that the Borrower's approval shall
not be required if an Event of Default then exists).

                (c)     If a successor Administrative Agent shall not have been
so appointed within such 15 Business Day period, the Administrative Agent, with
the consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed, provided that the Borrower's consent shall not be required if an Event
of Default then exists), shall then appoint a successor Administrative Agent who
shall serve as Administrative Agent hereunder or thereunder until such time, if
any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as
provided above.

                (d)     If no successor Administrative Agent has been appointed
pursuant to clause (b) or (c) above by the 20th Business Day after the date such
notice of resignation was given by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative
Agent's resignation shall become effective and the Required Lenders shall
thereafter perform all the duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder and/or
under any other Credit Document until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders
appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided above.

                (e)     Upon a resignation of the Administrative Agent pursuant
to this Section 12.09, the Administrative Agent shall remain indemnified to the
extent provided in this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and the
provisions of this Section 12 shall continue

                                      -106-
<PAGE>

in effect for the benefit of the Administrative Agent for all of its actions and
inactions while serving as the Administrative Agent.

                SECTION 13. Miscellaneous.

                13.01   Payment of Expenses, etc. The Borrower hereby agrees to:
(i) whether or not the transactions herein contemplated are consummated, pay all
reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent
(including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of White &
Case LLP and the Administrative Agent's other counsel and consultants) in
connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the other Credit Documents and the documents and instruments referred to herein
and therein and any amendment, waiver or consent relating hereto or thereto, of
the Administrative Agent in connection with its syndication efforts with respect
to this Agreement and of the Administrative Agent and, after the occurrence of
an Event of Default, each of the Issuing Lenders and Lenders in connection with
the enforcement of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents and the
documents and instruments referred to herein and therein or in connection with
any refinancing or restructuring of the credit arrangements provided under this
Agreement in the nature of a "work-out" or pursuant to any insolvency or
bankruptcy proceedings (including, in each case without limitation, the
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel and consultants for the
Administrative Agent and, after the occurrence of an Event of Default, counsel
for each of the Issuing Lenders and Lenders); (ii) pay and hold the
Administrative Agent, each of the Issuing Lenders and each of the Lenders
harmless from and against any and all present and future stamp, excise and other
similar documentary taxes with respect to the foregoing matters and save the
Administrative Agent, each of the Issuing Lenders and each of the Lenders
harmless from and against any and all liabilities with respect to or resulting
from any delay or omission (other than to the extent attributable to the
Administrative Agent, such Issuing Lender or such Lender) to pay such taxes; and
(iii) indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Lender and each Lender,
and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, representatives,
agents, affiliates, trustees and investment advisors from and hold each of them
harmless against any and all liabilities, obligations (including removal or
remedial actions), losses, damages, penalties, claims, actions, judgments,
suits, costs, expenses and disbursements (including reasonable attorneys' and
consultants' fees and disbursements) incurred by, imposed on or assessed against
any of them as a result of, or arising out of, or in any way related to, or by
reason of, (a) any investigation, litigation or other proceeding (whether or not
the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Lender or any Lender is a party thereto
and whether or not such investigation, litigation or other proceeding is brought
by or on behalf of any Credit Party) related to the entering into and/or
performance of this Agreement or any other Credit Document or the use of any
Letter of Credit or the proceeds of any Term Loans hereunder or the consummation
of the Transaction or any other transactions contemplated herein or in any other
Credit Document or the exercise of any of their rights or remedies provided
herein or in the other Credit Documents, or (b) the actual or alleged presence
of Hazardous Materials in the air, surface water or groundwater or on the
surface or subsurface of any Real Property at any time owned, leased or operated
by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the generation, storage,
transportation, handling or disposal of Hazardous Materials by the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries at any location, whether or not owned, leased or
operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the non-compliance by the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with any Environmental Law (including
applicable permits thereunder) applicable to any Real Property, or any
Environmental Claim asserted against the

                                      -107-
<PAGE>

Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Real Property at any time owned, leased
or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, including, in each case,
without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel and other
consultants incurred in connection with any such investigation, litigation or
other proceeding (but excluding any losses, liabilities, claims, damages or
expenses to the extent incurred by reason of the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of the Person to be indemnified (as determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision)). To the extent
that the undertaking to indemnify, pay or hold harmless the Administrative
Agent, any Issuing Lender or any Lender set forth in the preceding sentence may
be unenforceable because it is violative of any law or public policy, the
Borrower shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of
each of the indemnified liabilities which is permissible under applicable law.

                13.02   Right of Setoff.

                (a)     In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under
applicable law or otherwise, and not by way of limitation of any such rights,
upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the
Administrative Agent, each Issuing Lender and each Lender is hereby authorized
at any time or from time to time, without presentment, demand, protest or other
notice of any kind to any Credit Party or to any other Person, any such notice
being hereby expressly waived, to set off and to appropriate and apply any and
all deposits (general or special) and any other Indebtedness at any time held or
owing by the Administrative Agent, such Issuing Lender or such Lender
(including, without limitation, by branches and agencies of the Administrative
Agent, such Issuing Lender or such Lender wherever located) to or for the credit
or the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries against and on account
of the Obligations and liabilities of the Credit Parties to the Administrative
Agent, such Issuing Lender or such Lender under this Agreement or under any of
the other Credit Documents, including, without limitation, all interests in
Obligations purchased by such Lender pursuant to Section 13.06(b), and all other
claims of any nature or description arising out of or connected with this
Agreement or any other Credit Document, irrespective of whether or not the
Administrative Agent, such Issuing Lender or such Lender shall have made any
demand hereunder and although said Obligations, liabilities or claims, or any of
them, shall be contingent or unmatured.

                (b)     NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING SUBSECTION (a), AT ANY
TIME THAT THE LOANS OR ANY OTHER OBLIGATION SHALL BE SECURED BY REAL PROPERTY
LOCATED IN CALIFORNIA, NO LENDER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT SHALL EXERCISE A
RIGHT OF SETOFF, LIEN OR COUNTERCLAIM OR TAKE ANY COURT OR ADMINISTRATIVE ACTION
OR INSTITUTE ANY PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY
NOTE UNLESS IT IS TAKEN WITH THE CONSENT OF THE REQUIRED LENDERS OR, TO THE
EXTENT REQUIRED BY SECTION 13.12 OF THIS AGREEMENT, ALL OF THE LENDERS, OR
APPROVED IN WRITING BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, IF SUCH SETOFF OR ACTION OR
PROCEEDING WOULD OR MIGHT (PURSUANT TO CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE
SECTIONS 580a, 580b, 580d AND 726 OF THE CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE OR
SECTION 2924 OF THE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE, IF APPLICABLE, OR OTHERWISE) AFFECT
OR IMPAIR THE VALIDITY, PRIORITY, OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THE LIENS GRANTED

                                      -108-
<PAGE>

TO THE COLLATERAL AGENT PURSUANT TO THE SECURITY DOCUMENTS OR THE ENFORCEABILITY
OF THE NOTES AND OTHER OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AND ANY ATTEMPTED EXERCISE BY ANY
LENDER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OF ANY SUCH RIGHT WITHOUT OBTAINING SUCH
CONSENT OF THE REQUIRED LENDERS OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT SHALL BE NULL AND
VOID. THIS SUBSECTION (b) SHALL BE SOLELY FOR THE BENEFIT OF EACH OF THE LENDERS
AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT HEREUNDER.

                13.03   Notices. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
all notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing
(including telegraphic, telex, telecopier or cable communication) and mailed,
telegraphed, telexed, telecopied, cabled or delivered: if to any Credit Party,
at the address specified opposite its signature below or in the other relevant
Credit Documents; if to any Lender, at its address specified on Schedule II; and
if to the Administrative Agent, at the Notice Office; or, as to any Credit Party
or the Administrative Agent, at such other address as shall be designated by
such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto and, as to each
Lender, at such other address as shall be designated by such Lender in a written
notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Any party hereto may change
its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by
written notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and communications
shall, when mailed, telegraphed, telexed, telecopied, or cabled or sent by
overnight courier, be effective when deposited in the mails, delivered to the
telegraph company, cable company or overnight courier, as the case may be, or
sent by telex or telecopier, except that notices and communications to the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall not be effective until received by
the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, as the case may be.

                13.04   Benefit of Agreement; Assignments; Participations. (a)
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto;
provided, however, neither the Borrower nor the Borrower may assign or transfer
any of its rights, obligations or interest hereunder without the prior written
consent of the Lenders and, provided further, that, although any Lender may
transfer, assign or grant participations in its rights hereunder, such Lender
shall remain a "Lender" for all purposes hereunder (and may not transfer or
assign all or any portion of its Commitments hereunder except as provided in
Sections 1.13 and 13.04(b)) and the transferee, assignee or participant, as the
case may be, shall not constitute a "Lender" hereunder and, provided further,
that no Lender shall transfer or grant any participation under which the
participant shall have rights to approve any amendment to or waiver of this
Agreement or any other Credit Document except to the extent such amendment or
waiver would (i) extend the final scheduled maturity of any Term Loan, Term Note
or Letter of Credit (unless such Letter of Credit is not extended beyond the
Final Maturity Date) in which such participant is participating, or reduce the
rate or extend the time of payment of interest or Fees thereon (except in
connection with a waiver of applicability of any post-default increase in
interest rates) or reduce the principal amount thereof (it being understood that
any amendment or modification to the financial definitions in this Agreement or
to Section 13.07(a) shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or
Fees payable hereunder), or increase the amount of the participant's
participation over the amount thereof then in effect (it being understood that a
waiver of any Default or Event of Default or of a mandatory reduction in the
Total Commitment shall not constitute a change in the terms of such
participation, and that an increase in any Commitment (or the available portion
thereof) or Term

                                      -109-
<PAGE>

Loan shall be permitted without the consent of any participant if the
participant's participation is not increased as a result thereof), (ii) consent
to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and
obligations under this Agreement or (iii) release all or substantially all of
the Collateral under all of the Security Documents (except as expressly provided
in the Credit Documents) supporting the Term Loans or Letters of Credit
hereunder in which such participant is participating. In the case of any such
participation, the participant shall not have any rights under this Agreement or
any of the other Credit Documents (the participant's rights against such Lender
in respect of such participation to be those set forth in the agreement executed
by such Lender in favor of the participant relating thereto) and all amounts
payable by the Borrower hereunder shall be determined as if such Lender had not
sold such participation.

                (b)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Lender (or any Lender
together with one or more other Lenders) may (x) assign all or a portion of its
Commitments and related outstanding Obligations (or, if the Term Loan
Commitments or L/C Commitments have terminated, the related outstanding
Obligations) hereunder to (i)(A) its parent company and/or any affiliate of such
Lender which is at least 50% owned by such Lender or its parent company or (B)
to one or more other Lenders or any affiliate of any such other Lender which is
at least 50% owned by such other Lender or its parent company (provided that any
fund that invests in Term Loans and is managed or advised by the same investment
advisor of another fund which is a Lender (or by an Affiliate of such investment
advisor) shall be treated as an affiliate of such other Lender for the purposes
of this sub-clause (x)(i)(B)), or (ii) in the case of any Lender that is a fund
that invests in Term Loans, any other fund that invests in Term Loans and is
managed or advised by the same investment advisor of any Lender or by an
Affiliate of such investment advisor or (y) assign all, or if less than all, a
portion equal to at least $1,000,000 in the aggregate for the assigning Lender
or assigning Lenders, of such Commitments and related outstanding Obligations
(or, if the Term Loan Commitments or L/C Commitments have terminated, the
related outstanding Obligations) hereunder to one or more Eligible Transferees
(treating any fund that invests in Term Loans and any other fund that invests in
loans and is managed or advised by the same investment advisor of such fund or
by an Affiliate of such investment advisor as a single Eligible Transferee),
each of which assignees shall become a party to this Agreement as a Lender by
execution of an Assignment and Assumption Agreement, provided that (i) at such
time, Schedule I shall be deemed modified to reflect the Commitments and/or
outstanding Term Loans, as the case may be, of such new Lender and of the
existing Lenders, (ii) upon the surrender of the relevant Term Notes by the
assigning Lender (or, upon such assigning Lender's indemnifying the Borrower for
any lost Term Note pursuant to a customary indemnification agreement) new Term
Notes will be issued, at the Borrower's expense, to such new Lender and to the
assigning Lender upon the request of such new Lender or assigning Lender, such
new Term Notes to be in conformity with the requirements of Section 1.05 (with
appropriate modifications) to the extent needed to reflect the revised
Commitments and/or outstanding Term Loans, as the case may be, (iii) the consent
of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (unless a Default under Section
10.01 or 10.05 or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and with
such consent of the Borrower not being required in connection with the primary
syndication (as determined by the Administrative Agent) of the Term Loans) shall
be required in connection with any such assignment pursuant to clause (y) above
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), (iv) the consent
of each Issuing Lender shall be required for any assignment of any L/C
Commitment or participation in any Letter of Credit Outstandings, (v) the
Administrative Agent shall receive at the time of each such assignment, from the
assigning or

                                      -110-
<PAGE>

assignee Lender, the payment of a non-refundable assignment fee of $3,500 and
(vi) no such transfer or assignment will be effective until recorded by the
Administrative Agent on the Register pursuant to Section 13.15. To the extent of
any assignment pursuant to this Section 13.04(b), the assigning Lender shall be
relieved of its obligations hereunder with respect to its assigned Commitments.
At the time of each assignment pursuant to this Section 13.04(b) to a Person
which is not already a Lender hereunder, the respective assignee Lender shall,
to the extent legally entitled to do so, provide to the Borrower the appropriate
Internal Revenue Service Forms and necessary attachments (and, if applicable, a
Section 4.04(b)(ii) Certificate) described in Section 4.04(b). To the extent
that an assignment of all or any portion of a Lender's Commitments and related
outstanding Obligations pursuant to Section 1.13 or this Section 13.04(b) would,
at the time of such assignment, result in greater amounts under Section 1.10,
2.06 or 4.04 from the amounts the Borrower is required to pay or increase with
respect to the respective assigning Lender prior to such assignment, then the
Borrower shall not be obligated to pay such increased amounts (although the
Borrower, in accordance with and pursuant to the other provisions of this
Agreement, shall be obligated to pay any other increased costs of the type
described above resulting from changes after the date of the respective
assignment).

                (c)     Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or prohibit any
Lender from pledging its Term Loans and Term Notes hereunder to a Federal
Reserve Bank in support of borrowings made by such Lender from such Federal
Reserve Bank and, with prior notification to the Administrative Agent (but
without the consent of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower), any Lender
which is a fund may pledge all or any portion of its Term Loans and Term Notes
to its trustee or to a collateral agent providing credit or credit support to
such Lender in support of its obligations to such trustee, such collateral agent
or a holder of such obligations, as the case may be. No pledge pursuant to this
clause (c) shall release the transferor Lender from any of its obligations
hereunder.

                13.05   No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. No failure or delay on
the part of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Lender
or any Lender in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any
other Credit Document and no course of dealing between the Borrower or any other
Credit Party and the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing
Lender or any Lender shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any other
Credit Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder. The rights,
powers and remedies herein or in any other Credit Document expressly provided
are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies which the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Lender or any Lender
would otherwise have. No notice to or demand on any Credit Party in any case
shall entitle any Credit Party to any other or further notice or demand in
similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of the
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Issuing Lender or any Lender to
any other or further action in any circumstances without notice or demand.

                13.06   Payments Pro Rata. (a) Except as otherwise provided in
this Agreement, the Administrative Agent agrees that promptly after its receipt
of each payment from or on behalf of the Borrower in respect of any Obligations
hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the Lenders
entitled thereto (other than any Lender that has consented

                                      -111-
<PAGE>

in writing to waive its pro rata share of any such payment) pro rata based upon
their respective shares, if any, of the Obligations with respect to which such
payment was received.

                (b)     Each of the Lenders agrees that, if it should receive
any amount hereunder (whether by voluntary payment, by realization upon
security, by the exercise of the right of setoff or banker's lien, by
counterclaim or cross action, by the enforcement of any right under the Credit
Documents, or otherwise), which is applicable to the payment of the principal
of, or interest on, the Term Loans, Unpaid Drawings, L/C Commitment Commission
or Letter of Credit Fees, of a sum which with respect to the related sum or sums
received by other Lenders is in a greater proportion than the total of such
Obligation then owed and due to such Lender bears to the total of such
Obligation then owed and due to all of the Lenders immediately prior to such
receipt, then such Lender receiving such excess payment shall purchase for cash
without recourse or warranty from the other Lenders an interest in the
Obligations of the respective Credit Party to such Lenders in such amount as
shall result in a proportional participation by all the Lenders in such amount;
provided that if all or any portion of such excess amount is thereafter
recovered from such Lenders, such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase
price restored to the extent of such recovery, but without interest.

                (c)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, the provisions of the preceding Sections 13.06(a) and (b) shall be
subject to the express provisions of this Agreement which require, or permit,
differing payments to be made to Non-Defaulting Lenders as opposed to Defaulting
Lenders.

                13.07   Calculations; Computations. (a) The financial statements
to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant hereto shall be made and prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
consistently applied throughout the periods involved (except as set forth in the
notes thereto or as otherwise disclosed in writing by the Borrower to the
Lenders); provided that, (i) except as otherwise specifically provided herein,
all computations of Excess Cash Flow, and all computations and all definitions
(including accounting terms) used in determining compliance with Sections 8.17
and 9, inclusive, shall utilize generally accepted accounting principles and
policies in conformity with those used to prepare the financial statements of
the Borrower referred to in Section 8.01(c) for the fiscal year ending December
31, 2004 and (ii) to the extent expressly provided herein, certain calculations
shall be made on a Pro Forma Basis.

                (b)     All computations of interest, L/C Commitment Commission
and other Fees hereunder shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days for
the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day;
except that in the case of Letter of Credit Fees and Facing Fees, the last day
shall be included) occurring in the period for which such interest, L/C
Commitment Commission or Fees are payable.

                13.08   GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE; WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS AND THE RIGHTS
AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER SHALL, EXCEPT AS
OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THE MORTGAGES, BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE
GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING
WITH RESPECT TO

                                      -112-
<PAGE>

THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
IN EACH CASE WHICH ARE LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK, AND, BY EXECUTION AND
DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT, THE BORROWER HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. THE BORROWER HEREBY
FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH COURTS LACK PERSONAL
JURISDICTION OVER THE BORROWER, AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM, IN ANY LEGAL
ACTION PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS
BROUGHT IN ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS, THAT SUCH COURTS LACK PERSONAL
JURISDICTION OVER THE BORROWER. THE BORROWER FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE
SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR
PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL,
POSTAGE PREPAID, TO THE BORROWER AT ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH OPPOSITE ITS SIGNATURE
BELOW, SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE 30 DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING. THE BORROWER
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS AND FURTHER
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
COMMENCED HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS
WAS IN ANY WAY INVALID OR INEFFECTIVE. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF
THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE HOLDER OF ANY NOTE TO SERVE PROCESS
IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR
OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST THE BORROWER IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.

                (b)     THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION
WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY OF THE
AFORESAID ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT BROUGHT IN THE COURTS REFERRED TO IN
CLAUSE (a) ABOVE AND HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD
OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY
SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

                (c)     EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR THEREBY.

                13.09   Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original,
but all of which shall together constitute one and the

                                      -113-
<PAGE>

same instrument. A set of counterparts executed by all the parties hereto shall
be lodged with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

                13.10   Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective on
the date (the "Effective Date") on which the Borrower, the Administrative Agent
and each of the Lenders shall have signed a counterpart hereof (whether the same
or different counterparts) and shall have delivered the same to the
Administrative Agent at the Notice Office or, in the case of the Lenders, shall
have given to the Administrative Agent telephonic (confirmed in writing),
written or telex notice (actually received) at such office that the same has
been signed and mailed to it. The Administrative Agent will give the Borrower
and each Lender prompt written notice of the occurrence of the Effective Date.

                13.11   Headings Descriptive. The headings of the several
sections and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and
shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this
Agreement.

                13.12   Amendment or Waiver; etc. (a) Neither this Agreement nor
any other Credit Document nor any terms hereof or thereof may be changed,
waived, discharged or terminated unless such change, waiver, discharge or
termination is in writing signed by the respective Credit Parties party hereto
or thereto and the Required Lenders (although additional parties may be added to
(and annexes may be modified to reflect such additions), and Subsidiaries of the
Borrower may be released from, the Subsidiaries Guaranty and the Security
Documents in accordance with the provisions hereof and thereof without the
consent of the other Credit Parties party thereto or the Required Lenders),
provided that no such change, waiver, discharge or termination shall, without
the consent of each Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) (with Obligations
being directly modified in the case of following clause (i)), (i) extend the
final scheduled maturity of any Term Loan or Term Note or extend the stated
expiration date of any Letter of Credit beyond the Final Maturity Date, or
reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of interest or Fees thereon
(except in connection with the waiver of applicability of any post-default
increase in interest rates), or reduce the principal amount thereof (it being
understood that any amendment or modification to the financial definitions in
this Agreement or to Section 13.07(a) shall not constitute a reduction in the
rate of interest or Fees for the purposes of this clause (i)), (ii) release all
or substantially all of the Collateral (except as expressly provided in the
Credit Documents) under all the Security Documents, (iii) amend, modify or waive
any provision of this Section 13.12 (except for technical amendments with
respect to additional extensions of credit pursuant to this Agreement which
afford the protections to such additional extensions of credit of the type
provided to the Term Loans and the L/C Commitments on the Effective Date), (iv)
reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders (it being
understood that, with the consent of the Required Lenders, additional extensions
of credit pursuant to this Agreement may be included in the determination of the
Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the extensions of Term Loans
and L/C Commitments are included on the Effective Date) or (v) consent to the
assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and obligations
under this Agreement; provided further, that no such change, waiver, discharge
or termination shall (1) increase the Commitments of any Lender over the amount
thereof then in effect without the consent of such Lender (it being understood
that waivers or modifications of conditions precedent, covenants, Defaults or
Events of Default or of a mandatory reduction in the Total Commitment shall not
constitute an increase of the

                                      -114-
<PAGE>

Commitment of any Lender, and that an increase in the available portion of any
Commitment of any Lender shall not constitute an increase of the Commitment of
such Lender), (2) without the consent of each Issuing Lender, amend, modify or
waive any provision of Section 2 or alter its rights or obligations with respect
to Letters of Credit, (3) without the consent of the Administrative Agent,
amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 12 or any other provision as
same relates to the rights or obligations of the Administrative Agent, (4)
without the consent of Collateral Agent, amend, modify or waive any provision
relating to the rights or obligations of the Collateral Agent, or (5) reduce the
amount of, or extend the date of, any Scheduled Repayment without the consent of
the Supermajority Lenders holding Term Loans, or amend the definition of
Supermajority Lenders without the consent of the Supermajority Lenders holding
Term Loans (it being understood that, with the consent of the Required Lenders,
additional extensions of credit pursuant to this Agreement may be included in
the determination of the Supermajority Lenders on substantially the same basis
as the extensions of Term Loans and L/C Commitments are included on the
Effective Date).

                (b)     If, in connection with any proposed change, waiver,
discharge or termination of any of the provisions of this Agreement as
contemplated by clauses (i) through (v), inclusive, of the first proviso to
Section 13.12(a), the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained but the
consent of one or more of such other Lenders whose consent is required is not
obtained, then the Borrower shall have the right, so long as all non-consenting
Lenders whose individual consent is required are treated as described in either
clauses (A) or (B) below, to either (A) replace each such non-consenting Lender
or Lenders (or, at the option of the Borrower if the respective Lender's consent
is required with respect to less than all Tranches (or related Commitments), to
replace only the respective Tranche or Tranches of Commitments and/or related
outstandings of the respective non-consenting Lender which gave rise to the need
to obtain such Lender's individual consent) with one or more Replacement Lenders
pursuant to Section 1.13 so long as at the time of such replacement, each such
Replacement Lender consents to the proposed change, waiver, discharge or
termination or (B) terminate such non-consenting Lender's Commitments and repay
the outstanding Term Loans of such Lender and cash collateralize such Lender's
L/C Percentage of all outstanding Letters of Credit (or, if such Lender is being
replaced as to a single Tranche only, take such actions with respect to the
Tranche for which it is being terminated), all in accordance with Sections
3.02(b) and/or 4.01(b), provided that, unless the Commitments that are
terminated, and Term Loans repaid, pursuant to preceding clause (B) are
immediately replaced in full at such time through the addition of new Lenders or
the increase of the Commitments and/or outstanding Term Loans of existing
Lenders (who in each case must specifically consent thereto), then in the case
of any action pursuant to preceding clause (B) the Required Lenders (determined
after giving effect to the proposed action) shall specifically consent thereto,
provided further, that in any event the Borrower shall not have the right to
replace a Lender, terminate its Commitments or repay its Term Loans solely as a
result of the exercise of such Lender's rights (and the withholding of any
required consent by such Lender) pursuant to the second proviso to Section
13.12(a).

                13.13   Survival. All indemnities set forth herein including,
without limitation, in Sections 1.10, 1.11, 2.06, 4.04, 12.06 and 13.01 shall
survive the execution, delivery and termination of this Agreement and the Term
Notes and the making and repayment of the Obligations.

                                      -115-
<PAGE>

                13.14   Domicile of Term Loans. Each Lender may transfer and
carry its Term Loans at, to or for the account of any office, Subsidiary or
Affiliate of such Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, to the extent that a transfer of Term Loans pursuant to this Section
13.14 would, at the time of such transfer, result in increased costs under
Section 1.10, 1.11, 2.06 or 4.04 from those being charged by the respective
Lender prior to such transfer, then the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay
such increased costs (although the Borrower shall be obligated to pay any other
increased costs of the type described above resulting from changes after the
date of the respective transfer).

                13.15   Register. The Borrower hereby designates the
Administrative Agent to serve as its agent, solely for purposes of this Section
13.15, to maintain a register (the "Register") on which it will record the
Commitments from time to time of each of the Lenders, the Term Loans made by
each of the Lenders and each repayment in respect of the principal amount of the
Term Loans of each Lender. Failure to make any such recordation, or any error in
such recordation, shall not affect the Borrower's obligations in respect of such
Term Loans. With respect to any Lender, the transfer of the Commitments of such
Lender and the rights to the principal of, and interest on, any Term Loan made
pursuant to such Commitments shall not be effective until such transfer is
recorded on the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent with respect to
ownership of such Commitments and Term Loans and prior to such recordation all
amounts owing to the transferor with respect to such Commitments and Term Loans
shall remain owing to the transferor. The registration of assignment or transfer
of all or part of any Commitments and Term Loans shall be recorded by the
Administrative Agent on the Register only upon the acceptance by the
Administrative Agent of a properly executed and delivered Assignment and
Assumption Agreement pursuant to Section 13.04(b). Coincident with the delivery
of such an Assignment and Assumption Agreement to the Administrative Agent for
acceptance and registration of assignment or transfer of all or part of a Term
Loan, or as soon thereafter as practicable, the assigning or transferor Lender
shall surrender the Term Note (if any) evidencing such Term Loan, and thereupon
one or more new Term Notes in the same aggregate principal amount shall be
issued to the assigning or transferor Lender and/or the new Lender at the
request of any such Lender. The Borrower agrees to indemnify the Administrative
Agent from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities of
whatsoever nature which may be imposed on, asserted against or incurred by the
Administrative Agent in performing its duties under this Section 13.15.

                13.16   Confidentiality. (a) Subject to the provisions of clause
(b) of this Section 13.16, each of the Administrative Agent and the Lender
agrees that it will use its reasonable efforts not to disclose without the prior
consent of the Borrower (other than to its employees, auditors, advisors or
counsel or to another Lender if such Lender or such Lender's holding or parent
company in its sole discretion determines that any such party should have access
to such information, provided such Persons shall be subject to the provisions of
this Section 13.16 to the same extent as such Lender) any information with
respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which is now or in the future
furnished pursuant to this Agreement or any other Credit Document, provided that
any Lender may disclose any such information (i) as has become generally
available to the public other than by virtue of a breach of this Section
13.16(a) by the respective Lender, (ii) as may be required or appropriate in any
report, statement or testimony submitted to any municipal, state or Federal
regulatory body having or claiming to have jurisdiction over such Lender or to
the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Deposit Insurance

                                      -116-
<PAGE>

Corporation or similar organizations (whether in the United States or elsewhere)
or their successors, (iii) as may be required or appropriate in respect to any
summons or subpoena or in connection with any litigation, (iv) in order to
comply with any law, order, regulation or ruling applicable to such Lender, (v)
to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, (vi) to any direct or
indirect contractual counterparty in any swap, hedge or similar agreement (or to
any such contractual counterparty's professional advisor), so long as such
contractual counterparty (or such professional advisor) agrees to be bound by
the provisions of this Section 13.16, and (vii) to any prospective or actual
transferee or participant in connection with any contemplated transfer or
participation of any of the Term Notes or Commitments or any interest therein by
such Lender, provided that such prospective transferee agrees to be bound by the
confidentiality provisions contained in this Section 13.16.

                (b)     The Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that each
Lender may share with any of its affiliates, and such affiliates may share with
such Lender, any information related to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
(including, without limitation, any non-public customer information regarding
the creditworthiness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries), provided such
Persons shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 13.16 to the same
extent as such Lender.

                13.17   Limitation on Additional Amounts. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in Section 1.10, 1.11 or 2.06, unless a
Lender gives notice to the Borrower that it is obligated to pay an amount under
any such Section within 270 days after the later of (x) the date the Lender
incurs the respective increased costs, Taxes, loss, expense or liability,
reduction in amounts received or receivable or reduction in return on capital or
(y) the date such Lender has actual knowledge of its incurrence of the
respective increased costs, Taxes, loss, expense or liability, reductions in
amounts received or receivable or reduction in return on capital, then such
Lender shall only be entitled to be compensated for such amount by the Borrower
pursuant to said Section 1.10, 1.11 or 2.06, as the case may be, to the extent
the costs, Taxes, loss, expense or liability, reduction in amounts received or
receivable or reduction in return on capital are incurred or suffered on or
after the date which occurs 270 days prior to such Lender giving notice to the
Borrower that it is obligated to pay the respective amounts pursuant to said
Section 1.10, 1.11 or 2.06. This Section 13.17 shall have no applicability to
any Section of this Agreement other than said Sections 1.10, 1.11or 2.06.

                13.18   Post-Closing Actions. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Agreement or the other Credit Documents, the parties
hereto acknowledge and agree that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be
required to take the actions specified in Schedule XV as promptly as
practicable, and in any event within the time periods set forth in Schedule XV
or such other time periods as the Administrative Agent may agree. The provisions
of Schedule XV shall be deemed incorporated by reference herein as fully as if
set forth herein in their entirety. All provisions of this Agreement and the
other Credit Documents (including, without limitation, all conditions precedent,
representations, warranties, covenants, events of default and other agreements
herein and therein) shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to effect
the foregoing (and to permit the taking of the actions described above within
the time periods required above, rather than as otherwise provided in the Credit
Documents); provided that (x) to the extent any representation and warranty
would not be true because the foregoing actions were not taken on the Initial
Borrowing Date, the respective representation and

                                      -117-
<PAGE>

warranty shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects at
the time the respective action is taken (or was required to be taken) in
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 13.18 and (y) all
representations and warranties relating to the Security Documents shall be
required to be true immediately after the actions required to be taken by this
Section 13.18 have been taken (or were required to be taken). The acceptance of
the benefits of each Credit Event shall constitute a covenant and agreement by
the Borrower to each of the Lenders that the actions required pursuant to this
Section 13.18 will be, or have been, taken within the relevant time periods
referred to in this Section 13.18 and that, at such time, all representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall
then be true and correct in all material respects without any modification
pursuant to this Section 13.18. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that
the failure to take any of the actions required above (other than any actions
that are not material, either individually or in the aggregate), within the
relevant time periods required above, shall give rise to a Default pursuant to
this Agreement upon notice of such failure to the Borrower by the Administrative
Agent or the Required Lenders.

                13.19   The Patriot Act. Each Lender subject to the USA PATRIOT
ACT (Title 111 of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the "Act")
hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Act, it is
required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower
and the other Credit Parties and other information that will allow such Lender
to identify the Borrower and the other Credit Parties in accordance with the
Act.

                13.20   OTHER LIENS ON COLLATERAL; TERMS OF INTERCREDITOR
AGREEMENT; ETC. (a) EACH LENDER PARTY HERETO UNDERSTANDS, ACKNOWLEDGES AND
AGREES THAT LIENS SHALL BE CREATED ON THE COLLATERAL PURSUANT TO THE SECOND-LIEN
NOTE DOCUMENTS AND ON THE COLLATERAL OF THE BORROWER PURSUANT TO THE THIRD-LIEN
CREDIT DOCUMENTS, WHICH LIENS SHALL BE REQUIRED TO BE SUBORDINATED AND JUNIOR TO
THE LIENS CREATED PURSUANT TO THE CREDIT DOCUMENTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS
OF THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. PURSUANT TO THE EXPRESS TERMS OF SECTION 8.1 OF
THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN THE TERMS OF
THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE CREDIT DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS OF
THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN AND CONTROL.

                (b)     EACH LENDER AUTHORIZES AND INSTRUCTS THE COLLATERAL
AGENT AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT TO ENTER INTO THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ON
BEHALF OF THE LENDERS, AND TO TAKE ALL ACTIONS (AND EXECUTE ALL DOCUMENTS)
REQUIRED (OR DEEMED ADVISABLE) BY IT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE
INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT.

                (c)     THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 13.20 ARE NOT INTENDED TO
SUMMARIZE ALL RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT, THE FORM OF
WHICH IS ATTACHED AS AN EXHIBIT TO THIS AGREEMENT. REFERENCE MUST BE MADE TO THE
INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ITSELF TO

                                      -118-
<PAGE>

UNDERSTAND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS THEREOF. EACH LENDER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR
MAKING ITS OWN ANALYSIS AND REVIEW OF THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT AND THE TERMS
AND PROVISIONS THEREOF, AND NO AGENT OR ANY OF AFFILIATES MAKES ANY
REPRESENTATION TO ANY LENDER AS TO THE SUFFICIENCY OR ADVISABILITY OF THE
PROVISIONS CONTAINED IN THE INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. EACH LENDER IS FURTHER
AWARE THAT CERTAIN AGENTS ARE ALSO ACTING IN AN AGENCY CAPACITY UNDER, AND AS
DEFINED IN, THE SECOND-LIEN NOTE DOCUMENTS, AND EACH LENDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY OBJECTION THERETO OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING THEREFROM. *  *  *

                                      -119-
<PAGE>

                IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused their duly
authorized officers to execute and deliver this Agreement as of the date first
above written.

Address:

105 Carnegie Center                        RCN CORPORATION
Princeton, New Jersey 08540
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                              Title: Executive Vice President
                                                     and Chief Financial Officer

<PAGE>

                                           DEUTSCHE BANK AG CAYMAN
                                             ISLANDS BRANCH, Individually and as
                                             Administrative Agent


                                           By: /s/ Alexander Richarz
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Alexander Richarz
                                              Title: Vice President


                                           By: /s/ Gregory Shefrin
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name:  Gregory Shefrin
                                              Title: Director

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                    Page
                                                                                                    ----
<S>             <C>                                                                                   <C>

SECTION 1.      Amount and Terms of Credit.............................................................1

     1.01       The Commitments........................................................................1
     1.02       Minimum Amount of Borrowing............................................................1
     1.03       Notice of Borrowing....................................................................1
     1.04       Disbursement of Funds..................................................................2
     1.05       Term Notes.............................................................................3
     1.06       Conversions............................................................................3
     1.07       Pro Rata Borrowings....................................................................4
     1.08       Interest...............................................................................4
     1.09       Interest Periods for Eurodollar Loans..................................................5
     1.10       Increased Costs, Illegality, etc.......................................................6
     1.11       Compensation...........................................................................8
     1.12       Change of Lending Office...............................................................8
     1.13       Replacement of Lenders.................................................................9

SECTION 2.      Letters of Credit.....................................................................10

     2.01       Letters of Credit.....................................................................10
     2.02       Maximum Letter of Credit Outstandings; Final Maturities...............................11
     2.03       Letter of Credit Requests; Minimum Stated Amount......................................11
     2.04       Letter of Credit Participations.......................................................12
     2.05       Agreement to Repay Letter of Credit Drawings..........................................13
     2.06       Increased Costs.......................................................................14

SECTION 3.      L/C Commitment Commission; Fees; Reductions of Commitment.............................15

     3.01       Fees..................................................................................15
     3.02       Voluntary Termination of Unutilized L/C Commitments...................................16
     3.03       Mandatory Reduction of Commitments....................................................17

SECTION 4.      Prepayments; Payments; Taxes..........................................................17

     4.01       Voluntary Prepayments.................................................................18
     4.02       Mandatory Repayments..................................................................18
     4.03       Method and Place of Payment...........................................................22
     4.04       Net Payments..........................................................................22

SECTION 5.      Conditions Precedent to Credit Events on the Initial Borrowing Date...................25

SECTION 6.      Conditions Precedent to All Credit Events.............................................32

     6.01       No Default; Representations and Warranties............................................33
     6.02       Notice of Borrowings; Letter of Credit Request........................................33
</TABLE>

                                       (i)
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>             <C>                                                                                   <C>
SECTION 7.      Representations, Warranties and Agreements............................................33

     7.01       Organizational Status.................................................................33
     7.02       Power and Authority...................................................................34
     7.03       No Violation..........................................................................34
     7.04       Approvals.............................................................................34
     7.05       Financial Statements; Financial Condition; Undisclosed Liabilities; Projections.......35
     7.06       Litigation............................................................................36
     7.07       True and Complete Disclosure..........................................................36
     7.08       Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations...................................................36
     7.09       Tax Returns and Payments..............................................................37
     7.10       Compliance with ERISA.................................................................37
     7.11       The Security Documents................................................................38
     7.12       Properties............................................................................39
     7.13       Capitalization........................................................................39
     7.14       Subsidiaries..........................................................................39
     7.15       Compliance with Statutes, etc.........................................................40
     7.16       Investment Company Act................................................................40
     7.17       Public Utility Holdings Company Act...................................................40
     7.18       Environmental Matters.................................................................40
     7.19       Labor Relations.......................................................................41
     7.20       Intellectual Property, etc............................................................41
     7.21       Indebtedness..........................................................................41
     7.22       Insurance.............................................................................42
     7.23       Representations and Warranties in Other Documents.....................................42
     7.24       FCC Licenses and Other Governmental Authorizations....................................42
     7.25       Intercreditor Agreement...............................................................43
     7.26       Certain Agreements....................................................................43
     7.27       RCN International.....................................................................44

SECTION 8.      Affirmative Covenants.................................................................44

     8.01       Information Covenants.................................................................44
     8.02       Books, Records and Inspections; Annual Meetings.......................................47
     8.03       Maintenance of Property; Insurance....................................................48
     8.04       Existence; Franchises.................................................................48
     8.05       Compliance with Statutes, etc.........................................................49
     8.06       Compliance with Environmental Laws....................................................49
     8.07       ERISA.................................................................................50
     8.08       End of Fiscal Years; Fiscal Quarters..................................................51
     8.09       Performance of Obligations............................................................51
     8.10       Payment of Taxes......................................................................51
     8.11       Use of Proceeds.......................................................................51
     8.12       Additional Security; Further Assurances; etc..........................................52
     8.13       Ownership of Subsidiaries; etc........................................................53
     8.14       Corporate Separateness................................................................53
</TABLE>

                                      (ii)
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>             <C>                                                                                   <C>
     8.15       Starpower Acquisition.................................................................53
     8.16       Third-Lien Credit Agreement...........................................................53
     8.17       Permitted Acquisitions................................................................53
     8.18       Ratings...............................................................................55
     8.19       RCN International/Megacable Entities..................................................55

SECTION 9.      Negative Covenants....................................................................55

     9.01       Liens.................................................................................55
     9.02       Consolidation, Merger, Purchase or Sale of Assets, etc................................58
     9.03       Dividends.............................................................................61
     9.04       Indebtedness..........................................................................62
     9.05       Advances, Investments and Loans.......................................................63
     9.06       Transactions with Affiliates..........................................................65
     9.07       Capital Expenditures..................................................................65
     9.08       Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio..................................................66
     9.09       Minimum Consolidated EBITDA...........................................................67
     9.10       [Intentionally Deleted]...............................................................68
     9.11       Adjusted Leverage Ratio...............................................................68
     9.12       Minimum Cash on Hand..................................................................69
     9.13       Limitations on Payments of the Second-Lien Note Indenture and Third-Lien Credit
                 Agreement; Modifications of Second-Lien Note Documents, Third-Lien Credit Documents,
                 Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws and Certain Other Agreements, etc..............69
     9.14       Limitation on Certain Restrictions on Subsidiaries....................................69
     9.15       Limitation on Issuance of Capital Stock...............................................70
     9.16       Business, etc.........................................................................70
     9.17       Limitation on Creation of Subsidiaries................................................71

SECTION 10.     Events of Default.....................................................................71

     10.01      Payments..............................................................................71
     10.02      Representations, etc..................................................................71
     10.03      Covenants.............................................................................71
     10.04      Default Under Other Agreements........................................................71
     10.05      Bankruptcy, etc.......................................................................72
     10.06      ERISA.................................................................................72
     10.07      Security Documents....................................................................73
     10.08      Subsidiaries Guaranty.................................................................73
     10.09      Judgments.............................................................................73
     10.10      Change of Control.....................................................................73
     10.11      Intercreditor Agreement...............................................................74

SECTION 11.     Definitions and Accounting Terms......................................................74

     11.01      Defined Terms.........................................................................74
</TABLE>

                                      (iii)
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>             <C>                                                                                  <C>
SECTION 12.     The Administrative Agent.............................................................103

     12.01      Appointment..........................................................................104
     12.02      Nature of Duties.....................................................................104
     12.03      Lack of Reliance on the Administrative Agent.........................................104
     12.04      Certain Rights of the Administrative Agent...........................................105
     12.05      Reliance.............................................................................105
     12.06      Indemnification......................................................................105
     12.07      The Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity..................................105
     12.08      Holders..............................................................................106
     12.09      Resignation by the Administrative Agent..............................................106

SECTION 13.     Miscellaneous........................................................................107

     13.01      Payment of Expenses, etc.............................................................107
     13.02      Right of Setoff......................................................................108
     13.03      Notices..............................................................................109
     13.04      Benefit of Agreement; Assignments; Participations....................................109
     13.05      No Waiver; Remedies Cumulative.......................................................111
     13.06      Payments Pro Rata....................................................................111
     13.07      Calculations; Computations...........................................................112
     13.08      GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL...............112
     13.09      Counterparts.........................................................................113
     13.10      Effectiveness........................................................................114
     13.11      Headings Descriptive.................................................................114
     13.12      Amendment or Waiver; etc.............................................................114
     13.13      Survival.............................................................................115
     13.14      Domicile of Term Loans...............................................................116
     13.15      Register.............................................................................116
     13.16      Confidentiality......................................................................116
     13.17      Limitation on Additional Amounts.....................................................117
     13.18      Post-Closing Actions.................................................................117
     13.19      The Patriot Act......................................................................118
     13.20      OTHER LIENS ON COLLATERAL; TERMS OF INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT; ETC.....................118
</TABLE>

                                      (iv)
<PAGE>

SCHEDULE I      Commitments
SCHEDULE II     Lender Addresses
SCHEDULE III    Real Property
SCHEDULE IV     Plans
SCHEDULE V      Subsidiaries
SCHEDULE VI     Existing Indebtedness and Assumed Indebtedness
SCHEDULE VII    Insurance
SCHEDULE VIII   Existing Liens
SCHEDULE IX     Existing Investments
SCHEDULE X      FCC Licenses
SCHEDULE XI     Governmental Authorizations
SCHEDULE XII    Taxes
SCHEDULE XIII   Consolidated EBITDA Adjustments
SCHEDULE XIV    Non-Core Assets
SCHEDULE XV     Post-Closing Actions

EXHIBIT A-1     Notice of Borrowing
EXHIBIT A-2     Notice of Conversion/Continuation
EXHIBIT B       Term Note
EXHIBIT C       Letter of Credit Request
EXHIBIT D       Section 4.04(b)(ii) Certificate
EXHIBIT E-1     Opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher& Flom LLP,
                 Counsel to the Credit Parties
EXHIBIT E-2     Opinion of Deborah M. Royster, General Counsel to the
                 Credit Parties
EXHIBIT F       Officers' Certificate
EXHIBIT G       Pledge Agreement
EXHIBIT H       Security Agreement
EXHIBIT I       Intercreditor Agreement
EXHIBIT J       Solvency Certificate
EXHIBIT K       Compliance Certificate
EXHIBIT L       Assignment and Assumption Agreement
EXHIBIT M       Subsidiaries Guaranty
EXHIBIT N       Intercompany Note

                                       (v)

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>thirdliencreditagmt.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.3 - THIRD LIEN TERM LOAN
<TEXT>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 99.3


================================================================================


                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                         TERM LOAN AND CREDIT AGREEMENT

                          Dated as of December 21, 2004

                                      among

                                 RCN CORPORATION

                            The Lenders Party hereto

                                       and

                      HSBC Bank USA, National Association,
                          as Agent and Collateral Agent


================================================================================

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----

ARTICLE I      DEFINITIONS.....................................................3

     1.01   Defined Terms......................................................3

     1.02   [Reserved]........................................................33

     1.03   Terms Generally...................................................33

     1.04   Accounting Terms..................................................33

ARTICLE II     THE CREDITS....................................................33

     2.01   Outstanding Term Loans............................................33

     2.02   [Reserved]........................................................33

     2.03   [Reserved]........................................................33

     2.04   [Reserved]........................................................34

     2.05   [Reserved]........................................................34

     2.06   [Reserved]........................................................34

     2.07   [Reserved]........................................................34

     2.08   Repayment of Term Loans; Evidence of Debt.........................34

     2.09   Repayment of Term Loans...........................................34

     2.10   Prepayment of Term Loans..........................................35

     2.11   [Reserved]........................................................36

     2.12   Fees..............................................................36

     2.13   Interest..........................................................36

     2.14   [Reserved]........................................................37

     2.15   Increased Costs...................................................37

     2.16   [Reserved]........................................................38

     2.17   Taxes.............................................................38

     2.18   Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs.......39

     2.19   Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders....................41

ARTICLE III    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.................................41

     3.01   Organizational Status.............................................42

     3.02   Power and Authority...............................................42

     3.03   No Violation......................................................42

     3.04   Approvals.........................................................42

                                       -i-
<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                   (continued)

                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----

     3.05   Financial Statements; Financial Condition; Undisclosed
             Liabilities; Projections.........................................43

     3.06   Litigation........................................................44

     3.07   True and Complete Disclosure......................................44

     3.08   Use of Proceeds...................................................44

     3.09   Tax Returns and Payments..........................................44

     3.10   Compliance with ERISA.............................................45

     3.11   The Security Documents............................................46

     3.12   Properties........................................................46

     3.13   Capitalization....................................................46

     3.14   Subsidiaries......................................................47

     3.15   Compliance with Statutes..........................................47

     3.16   Investment Company Act............................................47

     3.17   Public Utility Holdings Company Act...............................47

     3.18   Environmental Matters.............................................47

     3.19   Labor Relations...................................................48

     3.20   Intellectual Property, etc........................................48

     3.21   Indebtedness......................................................48

     3.22   Insurance.........................................................49

     3.23   Representations and Warranties in Other Documents.................49

     3.24   FCC Licenses and Other Governmental Authorizations................49

     3.25   Intercreditor Agreement...........................................50

     3.26   Certain Agreements................................................51

     3.27   Event of Default..................................................51

ARTICLE IV     CONDITIONS.....................................................51

     4.01   Effective Date....................................................51

ARTICLE V      AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS..........................................56

     5.01   Information Covenants.............................................56

     5.02   Corporate Existence...............................................58

     5.03   Payment of Taxes and Other Claims.................................58

                                      -ii-
<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                   (continued)

                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----

     5.04   Maintenance of Properties.........................................58

     5.05   Insurance.........................................................58

     5.06   Books and Records.................................................59

     5.07   Payment of Principal and Interest.................................59

     5.08   Collateral Trigger Date; Additional Subsidiaries..................59

     5.09   Future Amendments.................................................61

ARTICLE VI     NEGATIVE COVENANTS.............................................61

     6.01   Limitation on Additional Indebtedness.............................61

     6.02   Limitation on Liens...............................................61

     6.03   Fundamental Changes...............................................62

     6.04   Disposition of Proceeds of Asset Sales............................62

     6.05   Limitation on Restricted Payments.................................63

     6.06   Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates........................66

     6.07   Limitation on Issuances and Sales of Preferred Stock by
             Restricted Subsidiaries..........................................66

     6.08   Limitation on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions
             Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries................................67

     6.09   Designation of Unrestricted Subsidiaries..........................67

     6.10   Limitations on Layering...........................................68

     6.11   Collateral Trigger Date...........................................69

ARTICLE VII    EVENTS OF DEFAULT; LIMITATION ON REMEDIES......................69

     7.01   Events of Default.................................................69

ARTICLE VIII   THE AGENT......................................................71

ARTICLE IX     MISCELLANEOUS..................................................73

     9.01   Notices...........................................................73

     9.02   Waivers; Amendments...............................................74

     9.03   Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver................................75

     9.04   Successors and Assigns............................................76

     9.05   Survival..........................................................78

     9.06   Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness..........................79

     9.07   Severability......................................................79

                                      -iii-
<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                   (continued)

                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----

     9.08   Right of Setoff...................................................79

     9.09   Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process........79

     9.10   WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL..............................................80

     9.11   Headings..........................................................80

     9.12   Confidentiality...................................................80

     9.13   Interest Rate Limitation..........................................81

     9.14   Release of Subsidiaries; Collateral...............................81

     9.15   Intercreditor Agreement Controls..................................82

                                      -iv-
<PAGE>

SCHEDULES:

Schedule 1.01A     --   Existing Liens

Schedule 1.01B     --   Existing Investments

Schedule 2.01      --   Lenders

Schedule 3.09      --   Tax Returns and Payments

Schedule 3.10      --   Compliance with ERISA

Schedule 3.12      --   Real Property

Schedule 3.14      --   Subsidiaries

Schedule 3.21      --   Existing Indebtedness

Schedule 3.22      --   Insurance

Schedule 3.24      --   FCC Licenses and other Governmental Authorizations

Schedule 4.01(k)   --   Assumed Indebtedness

Schedule 6.01      --   Permitted Indebtedness

Schedule 6.06      --   Affiliate Transactions

Schedule 6.08      --   Certain Restrictions

Schedule I         --   Consolidated EBITDA Adjustments

Schedule II        --   Excluded Chicago Assets

EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A          --   Form of Assignment and Acceptance

Exhibit B          --   Form of Opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher &
                         Flom LLP

Exhibit C          --   Form of Opinion of General Counsel to the Company

Exhibit D          --   Form of Pledge Agreement

                                -i-
<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                   (continued)


Exhibit E          --   Form of Security Agreement

Exhibit F          --   Form of Term Note

Exhibit G          --   Form of Officer's Certificate

Exhibit H          --   Form of Intercreditor Agreement

Exhibit I          --   Form of Solvency Opinion


ANNEXES

Annex I            --   Financial Covenants

                                      -ii-
<PAGE>

               AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AND CREDIT AGREEMENT

        AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AND CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of December
21, 2004, among RCN CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), the
LENDERS party hereto, and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Agent and
Collateral Agent.

        WHEREAS, the Company has filed a case under Chapter 11 of the United
States Bankruptcy Code (the "Bankruptcy Case") in the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the District of Delaware (the "Bankruptcy Court") and the Company
plans to emerge from the Bankruptcy Case pursuant to the Company's Plan of
Reorganization dated August 20, 2004 under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (as
amended from time to time, the "Plan of Reorganization") and, pursuant thereto,
to consummate certain financings on the Effective Date as defined under the Plan
of Reorganization; and

        WHEREAS, the Lenders have previously extended credit to the Company
pursuant to that certain Commercial Term Loan and Credit Agreement, dated as of
June 6, 2003, among the Company, the Lenders party thereto and HSBC Bank USA, as
Agent and Collateral Agent (as amended through the date hereof, the "Original
Credit Agreement"); and

        WHEREAS, immediately before the occurrence of the Effective Date,
$34,430,883.93 of Obligations remain outstanding under the Original Credit
Agreement (the "Outstanding Indebtedness"); and

        WHEREAS, the Company, the Lenders, the Agent and the Collateral Agent
desire to (i) recast the Outstanding Indebtedness as the Term Loans (as such
term is hereinafter defined) under this Agreement and (ii) to otherwise amend,
modify and restate the Original Credit Agreement.

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants
herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto
hereby agree that the Original Credit Agreement is amended, modified and
restated in its entirety as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   Definitions

        1.01  Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have
the meanings specified below:

        "Acquired Entity or Business" means either (x) the assets constituting a
business, division or product line of any Person not already a Subsidiary of the
Company or (y) 100% of the Capital Stock of any such Person, which Person shall,
as a result of the respective Permitted Acquisition, become a Wholly-Owned
Domestic Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (or shall be merged with and into
the Company or a Domestic Restricted Subsidiary, with the Company or such
Domestic Restricted Subsidiary being the surviving Person).

<PAGE>

        "Acquired Indebtedness" means Indebtedness of a Person existing at the
time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or assumed in connection with
an Asset Acquisition by such Person and not incurred in connection with, or in
anticipation of, such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary or such Asset
Acquisition; provided that Indebtedness of such Person which is redeemed,
defeased, retired or otherwise repaid at the time of or immediately upon
consummation of the transactions by which such Person becomes a Restricted
Subsidiary or such Asset Acquisition shall not constitute Acquired Indebtedness.

        "Adjusted Consolidated Indebtedness" means, at any time, the amount of
Consolidated Indebtedness at such time less any amounts reflected therein
constituting Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the First-Lien Credit Documents
and the Second-Lien Note Documents.

        "Adjusted Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period, Consolidated
Net Income for such period plus the sum of the amount of all net non-cash
charges (including, without limitation, depreciation, amortization, deferred tax
expense and non-cash interest expense) and net non-cash losses which were
included in arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period, less the amount
of all net non-cash gains and non-cash credits which were included in arriving
at Consolidated Net Income for such period.

        "Adjusted Consolidated Working Capital" means, at any time, Consolidated
Current Assets (but excluding therefrom all cash and Cash Equivalents) less
Consolidated Current Liabilities at such time.

        "Adjusted Leverage Ratio" means, at any time, the ratio of Adjusted
Consolidated Indebtedness at such time to Consolidated EBITDA for the Test
Period then most recently ended.

        "Adjusted Senior financial covenant" has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.09.

        "Affiliate" means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person
that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is
Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.

        "Affiliate Transaction" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.06.

        "Agent" means HSBC Bank USA, National Association, in its capacity as
administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders hereunder.

        "Agreement" means this Amended and Restated Term Loan and Credit
Agreement, together with any and all addenda, exhibits, annexes and schedules
hereto, as modified, supplemented, amended, restated (including any amendment
and restatement hereof), extended or revised from time to time.

        "Annex I financial covenant" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.09.

        "Asset Acquisition" means (i) any capital contribution (by means of
transfers of cash or other property to others or payments for property or
services for the account or use of

                                      - 2 -
<PAGE>

others, or otherwise) by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary to any other
Person, or any acquisition or purchase of Capital Stock of any other Person by
the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, in either case pursuant to which such
Person shall (a) become a Restricted Subsidiary or (b) shall be merged with or
into the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or (ii) any acquisition by the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the assets of any Person which
constitute substantially all of an operating unit or line of business of such
Person or which is otherwise outside of the ordinary course of business.

        "Asset Sale" means any direct or indirect sale, conveyance, transfer or
lease (that has the effect of a disposition and is not for security purposes) or
other disposition (that is not for security purposes) to any Person other than
the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, in one transaction or a series of
related transactions, of (i) any Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary
(other than customary stock option programs), (ii) any assets of the Company or
any Restricted Subsidiary which constitute substantially all of an operating
unit or line of business of the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries or (iii)
any other property or asset of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary outside
of the ordinary course of business. For the purposes of this definition, the
term "Asset Sale" shall not include (i) any disposition of properties and assets
of the Company and/or the Restricted Subsidiaries that is governed under Section
6.03(a), (ii) sales of property or equipment that have become worn out, obsolete
or damaged or otherwise unsuitable for use in connection with the business of
the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, and (iii) for
purposes of Section 6.04 any sale, conveyance, transfer, lease or other
disposition of any property or asset, whether in one transaction or a series of
related transactions occurring within one year, either (x) involving assets with
a Fair Market Value not in excess of $5,000,000 or (y) which constitutes the
incurrence of a Capitalized Lease Obligation.

        "Assignment and Acceptance" means an assignment and acceptance entered
into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is
required by Section 9.04) in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by
the Agent.

        "Assumed Indebtedness" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(k).

        "Average Life to Stated Maturity" means, with respect to any
Indebtedness, as at any date of determination, the quotient obtained by dividing
(i) the sum of the products of (a) the number of years from such date to the
date or dates of each successive scheduled principal payment (including, without
limitation, any sinking fund requirements) of such Indebtedness multiplied by
(b) the amount of each such principal payment by (ii) the sum of all such
principal payments; provided that, in the case of any Capitalized Lease
Obligation, all calculations hereunder shall give effect to any applicable
options to renew in favor of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary.

        "Bankruptcy Case" has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble
to this Agreement.

        "Bankruptcy Court" has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble
to this Agreement.

                                      - 3 -
<PAGE>

        "Board of Directors" or "Board" means the Board of Directors of the
Company or a committee of such Board of Directors duly authorized to act for it
(to the extent permitted by applicable law).

        "Board Resolution" means a copy of a resolution certified by the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted by
the Board of Directors, and to be in full force and effect on the date of such
certification, and delivered to the Agent.

        "Business Day" means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day
on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law,
regulation or executive order to close or remain closed.

        "Business Intellectual Property" has the meaning assigned to such term
in Section 3.20.

        "Calculation Period" means, in the case of any Permitted Acquisition,
the Test Period most recently ended prior to the date of any such Permitted
Acquisition for which financial statements are available.

        "Capital Expenditures" means, with respect to any Person, all
expenditures by such Person which should be capitalized in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and, without duplication, the amount of
Capitalized Lease Obligations incurred by such Person.

        "Capital Stock" means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares,
interests, participations, rights in, or other equivalents (however designated
and whether voting and/or non-voting) of, such Person's capital stock, whether
outstanding on the Effective Date or issued after the Effective Date, and any
and all rights (other than any evidence of Indebtedness), warrants or options
exchangeable for or convertible into such capital stock.

        "Capitalized Lease Obligation" means any obligation to pay rent or other
amounts under a lease of (or other agreement conveying the right to use) any
property (whether real, personal or mixed, immovable or movable) that is
required to be classified and accounted for as a capitalized lease obligation
under GAAP, and, for the purpose of this Agreement, the amount of such
obligation at any date shall be the capitalized amount thereof at such date,
determined in accordance with GAAP.

        "Cash Equivalents" means, as to any Person, (i) securities issued or
directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States or any agency or
instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of the United
States is pledged in support thereof) having maturities of not more than one
year from the date of acquisition, (ii) marketable direct obligations issued by
any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or
any public instrumentality thereof maturing within one year from the date of
acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having one of the two
highest ratings obtainable from either S&P or Moody's, (iii) Dollar denominated
time deposits, certificates of deposit and bankers acceptances of any Lender or
any commercial bank having, or which is the principal banking subsidiary of a
bank holding company having, a long-term unsecured debt rating of at least "A"
or the equivalent thereof from S&P or "A2" or the equivalent thereof from
Moody's with maturities of

                                      - 4 -
<PAGE>

not more than one year from the date of acquisition by such Person, (iv)
repurchase obligations with a term of not more than seven days for underlying
securities of the types described in clause (i) above entered into with any bank
meeting the qualifications specified in clause (iii) above, (v) commercial paper
issued by any Person incorporated in the United States rated at least A-1 or the
equivalent thereof by S&P or at least P-1 or the equivalent thereof by Moody's
and in each case maturing not more than one year after the date of acquisition
by such Person, and (vi) investments in money market funds substantially all of
whose assets are comprised of securities of the types described in clauses (i)
through (v) above.

        "CERCLA" means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation,
and Liability Act of 1980, as the same has been amended and may hereafter be
amended from time to time, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601 et seq.

        "Change of Control" means the occurrence of any of the following events:

        (a) any "person" or "group" (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d)
and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined
in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that a Person shall be
deemed to have "beneficial ownership" of all securities that such Person has the
right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after
the passage of time), directly or indirectly, of more than 40% of the total
Voting Stock of the Company; or

        (b) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a
series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company to any Person or group of related Persons for purposes of Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act; or

        (c) during any consecutive two-year period, individuals who at the
beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors (together with any
new directors whose election by the Board of Directors or whose nomination for
election by the stockholders of the Company was approved by a vote of a majority
of the directors then still in office who were either directors at the beginning
of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so
approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of
Directors then in office.

        "Change in Law" means (a) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation
after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any law, rule or regulation
or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority
after the date of this Agreement or (c) compliance by any Lender with any
request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any
Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement.

        "Charges" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.13.

        "Chicago Assets" means the Telecommunications Assets owned by the
Company and its Subsidiaries that are, on the Effective Date, physically located
in the Chicago, Illinois metropolitan area and utilized to provide
telecommunications services to customers of the Company or its Subsidiaries in
the Chicago, Illinois metropolitan area plus (i) such additional
Telecommunications Assets as are, after the Effective Date, acquired for such
cable systems and located in the Chicago, Illinois metropolitan area pursuant to
Capital Expenditures made in accordance with clause (a) of Annex I, (ii) related
net working capital and (iii) Equity Interests in

                                      - 5 -
<PAGE>

Persons that own no assets other than such assets; provided, however, that
assets described in clause (1) and (2) on Schedule II hereto shall not
constitute Chicago Assets.

        "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to
time.

        "Collateral" means any and all "Collateral", as defined in any
applicable Security Document.

        "Collateral Agent" means the Agent acting as collateral agent for the
Lenders hereunder.

        "Collateral Trigger Date" means the date that is ninety five (95) days
after the date on which there has occurred both a Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations and a Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations.

        "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company.

        "Communications Act" means the Communications Act of 1934, as amended.

        "Company" means RCN Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

        "Confirmation Order" means the order of the Bankruptcy Court confirming
the Plan of Reorganization, which order shall be a Final Order.

        "Consolidated Current Assets" means, at any time, the consolidated
current assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries at such time.

        "Consolidated Current Liabilities" means, at any time, the consolidated
current liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries at such time, but
excluding the current portion of any Indebtedness under this Agreement and the
current portion of any other long-term Indebtedness which would otherwise be
included therein.

        "Consolidated EBITDA" means:

        (a)     for any period prior to the Covenant Trigger Date, Consolidated
Net Income for such period, without giving effect (x) to any extraordinary gains
or any extraordinary non-cash losses (except to the extent that any such
extraordinary non-cash losses will require a cash payment in a future period)
and (y) to any gains or losses from sales of assets other than from sales of
inventory in the ordinary course of business, adjusted by (1) adding thereto (i)
the consolidated interest expense of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries
for such period (to the extent that such consolidated interest expense was
deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period), (ii)
provisions for taxes based on income that were deducted in arriving at
Consolidated Net Income for such period, (iii) the amount of all amortization of
intangibles and depreciation that were deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net
Income for such period, (iv) the amount of all expenses incurred in connection
with the Transaction for such period to the extent that same were deducted in
arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period, (v) the amount of all
non-cash deferred compensation expense for such period to the extent that same
was deducted in arriving at the Consolidated Net Income for such period, (vi) to
the extent taken

                                      - 6 -
<PAGE>

after the Effective Date but on or prior to June 30, 2005 and deducted in
arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period, non-recurring fees,
expenses and charges in connection with, or contemplated by, the emergence of
the Debtors-In-Possession from a Chapter 11 proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code
and reorganization and operational restructuring resulting therefrom in an
aggregate amount not to exceed $29,600,000 and (vii) any non-cash, non-recurring
charges and any non-cash charges associated with stock-based compensation,
provided that if any cash amounts are paid in any subsequent period with respect
to amounts described above in this clause (vi), the amounts so paid in any
subsequent period shall be subtracted in determining Consolidated EBITDA for
such subsequent period as provided in clause 2(i) below, and (2) deducting
therefrom (i) the amount of all cash payments during such period that are
associated with any non-cash loss, change (including, without limitation, as
described in preceding clause (1)(vii)) or expense that was added back to
Consolidated Net Income in a previous period and (ii) the amount of all
consolidated interest income of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries to
the extent same increased Consolidated Net Income for such period; provided
that, for purposes of any determination of Consolidated EBITDA for the four full
fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2005, Consolidated EBITDA for such period
shall be Consolidated EBITDA for the three full fiscal quarters ended September
30, 2005 multiplied by a fraction equal to 4/3 (rounded to the nearest $1.00);
or

        (b)     for any period on or after the Covenant Trigger Date,
Consolidated Net Income for such period, without giving effect (x) to any
extraordinary gains or any extraordinary non-cash losses (except to the extent
that any such extraordinary non-cash losses will require a cash payment in a
future period) and (y) to any gains or losses from sales of assets other than
from sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business, adjusted by (1)
adding thereto (i) the consolidated interest expense of the Company and its
Subsidiaries for such period (to the extent that such consolidated interest
expense was deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period),
(ii) provisions for taxes based on income that were deducted in arriving at
Consolidated Net Income for such period, (iii) the amount of all amortization of
intangibles and depreciation that were deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net
Income for such period, (iv) the amount of all expenses incurred in connection
with the Transaction for such period to the extent that same were deducted in
arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period, (v) the amount of all
non-cash deferred compensation expense for such period to the extent that same
was deducted in arriving at the Consolidated Net Income for such period (vi) to
the extent taken after the Effective Date but on or prior to June 30, 2005 and
deducted in arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period, non-recurring
fees, expenses and charges in connection with, or contemplated by, the emergence
of the Debtors-In-Possession from a Chapter 11 proceeding under the Bankruptcy
Code and reorganization and operational restructuring resulting therefrom in an
aggregate amount not to exceed $29,600,000 and (vii) any non-cash, non-recurring
charges and any non-cash charges associated with stock-based compensation;
provided that if any cash amounts are paid in any subsequent period with respect
to amounts described above in this clause (vii), the amounts so paid in any
subsequent period shall be subtracted in determining Consolidated EBITDA for
such subsequent period as provided in clause 2(i) below, and (2) deducting
therefrom (i) the amount of all cash payments during such period that are
associated with any non-cash loss, change (including, without limitation, as
described in preceding clause (1)(vii)) or expense that was added back to
Consolidated Net Income in a previous period and (ii) the amount of all
consolidated interest income of the Company and its Subsidiaries to the extent
same increased Consolidated Net Income for such period; it being understood that
in determining

                                      - 7 -
<PAGE>

the Total Leverage Ratio and the Adjusted Leverage Ratio, Consolidated EBITDA
for any period shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to any
Acquired Entity or Business acquired during such period pursuant to a Permitted
Acquisition, and to any Material Asset Sale effected during such period;
provided that, for purposes of any determination of Consolidated EBITDA for the
purposes of determining the Total Leverage Ratio or the Adjusted Leverage Ratio
for any Test Period ending on or prior to September 30, 2005, Consolidated
EBITDA for such Test Period shall be Consolidated EBITDA for that portion of
such Test Period occurring on and after January 1, 2005 multiplied by a fraction
the numerator of which is 365 and the denominator of which is the number of days
elapsed from January 1, 2005 to the last day of such Test Period (in each case
taken as one accounting period).

        "Consolidated Indebtedness" means, at any time, the sum of (without
duplication) (i) all Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries (on a
consolidated basis) as would be required to be reflected as debt or Capital
Lease Obligations on the liability side of a consolidated balance sheet of the
Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (ii) all Indebtedness of
the Company and its Subsidiaries of the type described in clauses (ii) and
(viii) of the definition of Indebtedness and (iii) all Contingent Obligations of
the Company and its Subsidiaries in respect of Indebtedness of any third Person
of the type referred to in preceding clauses (i) and (ii); provided that the sum
of the aggregate amount available to be drawn (i.e., unfunded amounts) under all
letters of credit, bankers' acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and
similar obligations issued for the account of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (but excluding, for avoidance of doubt, all unpaid drawings or
other matured monetary obligations owing in respect of such letters of credit,
bankers' acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar obligations)
shall not be included in any determination of "Consolidated Indebtedness".

        "Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio" means, for any period, the ratio
of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Expense for such period,
computed on a Pro Forma Basis.

        "Consolidated Interest Expense" shall be computed in accordance with
GAAP and shall mean, for any period, the sum of (i) the total consolidated
interest expense of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period
(calculated without regard to any limitations on the payment thereof) plus,
without duplication, that portion of Capitalized Lease Obligations of the
Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries representing the interest factor for
such period; provided that the amortization of deferred financing, legal and
accounting costs with respect to this Agreement, the First-Lien Credit Agreement
and the Second-Lien Note Indenture in each case shall be excluded from
Consolidated Interest Expense to the extent same would otherwise have been
included therein and (ii) the amount of dividends in respect of Disqualified
Stock paid during such period.

        "Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period, the net income (or
loss) of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a
consolidated basis (after any deduction for minority interests), provided that
(i) in determining Consolidated Net Income, the net income of any other Person
which is not a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company or is accounted for by the
Company by the equity method of accounting shall be included only to the extent
of the payment of cash dividends or cash distributions by such other Person to
the

                                      - 8 -
<PAGE>

Company or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof during such period, (ii) the net
income of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (other than the Company)
shall be excluded to the extent that the declaration or payment of cash
dividends or similar cash distributions by that Restricted Subsidiary of that
net income is not at the date of determination permitted by operation of its
charter or any agreement, instrument or law applicable to such Restricted
Subsidiary and (iii) the net income (or loss) of any other Person acquired by
the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company in a pooling of interests
transaction for any period prior to the date of such acquisition shall be
excluded.

        "consolidation" means, with respect to the Company, the consolidation of
the accounts of the Restricted Subsidiaries with those of the Company all in
accordance with GAAP; provided that "consolidation" will not include
consolidation of the accounts of any Unrestricted Subsidiary with the accounts
of the Company. The term "consolidated" has a correlative meaning to the
foregoing.

        "Contingent Obligation" means, as to any Person, any obligation of such
Person as a result of such Person being a general partner of any other Person,
unless the underlying obligation is expressly made non-recourse as to such
general partner, and any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or intended to
guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations ("primary
obligations") of any other Person (the "primary obligor") in any manner, whether
directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, any obligation of such
Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation
or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to
advance or supply funds (x) for the purchase or payment of any such primary
obligation or (y) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary
obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary
obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the
purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of
the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise
to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in
respect thereof; provided, however, that the term Contingent Obligation shall
not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the
ordinary course of business. The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be
deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary
obligation in respect of which such Contingent Obligation is made or, if not
stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect
thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as determined
by such Person in good faith.

        "Control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether
through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.
"Controlling" and "Controlled" have meanings correlative thereto.

        "Covenant Triggering Event" means the date that is ninety-five (95) days
after the date on which there has occurred a Discharge of First-Lien Obligations
and a Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations.

        "Credit Documents" means this Agreement, the Term Notes and the Security
Documents.

                                      - 9 -
<PAGE>

        "Credit Party" means the Company and any Subsidiary Credit Party.

        "DBCI" means Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch, as Administrative
Agent under the First-Lien Credit Agreement.

        "Debtors-In-Possession" means the Company and each of its Restricted
Subsidiaries which, on the Effective Date, is a debtor-in-possession pursuant to
the Bankruptcy Code.

        "Default" means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of
Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or
waived, become an Event of Default.

        "Designation" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.09.

        "Designation Amount" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section
6.09.

        "Discharge of First-Lien Obligations" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        "Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations" has the meaning given to it in
the Intercreditor Agreement.

        "Disclosure Statement" means the Disclosure Statement, dated August 20,
2004, pursuant to Section 1125 of the Bankruptcy Code relating to the Plan of
Reorganization, as approved by the Bankruptcy Court, and as the same may be
amended, modified or supplemented from time in accordance with the terms hereof
and thereof.

        "Disinterested Director" means, with respect to any transaction or
series of related transactions, a member of the Board of Directors of the
Company other than a director who (i) has any material direct or indirect
financial interest in or with respect to such transaction or series of related
transactions or (ii) is an employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate
that is itself a party to such transaction or series of transactions or an
Affiliate of a party to such transaction or series of related transactions.

        "Disqualified Stock" means, with respect to any Person, any Capital
Stock which, by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is
convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any
event, matures or becomes mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund
obligation or otherwise, or becomes exchangeable for Indebtedness at the option
of the holder thereof, or becomes redeemable at the option of the holder
thereof, in whole or in part, on or prior to the Maturity Date; provided such
Capital Stock shall only constitute Disqualified Stock to the extent it so
matures or becomes so redeemable or exchangeable on or prior to the Maturity
Date; provided, further, that any Capital Stock that would not constitute
Disqualified Stock but for provisions thereof giving holders thereof the right
to require such Person to repurchase or redeem such Capital Stock upon the
occurrence of an "asset sale" or "change of control" occurring prior to the
Maturity Date shall not constitute Disqualified Stock if the "asset sale" or
"change of control" provisions applicable to such Capital Stock specifically
provides that such Person will not repurchase or redeem any such stock

                                     - 10 -
<PAGE>

pursuant to such provision prior to the Company's payment of the Term Loans
pursuant to Section 2.10 or the waiver of the Event of Default under Section
7.01(j) by the Required Lenders and at all times subject to 6.05 hereof.

        "Documents" means the Credit Documents, the First-Lien Credit Documents,
the Second-Lien Note Documents and the Plan Documents.

        "dollars" or "$" refers to lawful money of the United States of America.

        "Domestic Restricted Subsidiary" means a Restricted Subsidiary that is
organized under the laws of a state of the United States or the District of
Columbia.

        "Effective Date" means the date on which the conditions specified in
Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02).

        "Environmental Laws" means all laws, rules, regulations, codes,
ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions or written, binding notices
or agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority,
relating in any way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural
resources, the management, exposure to, or release or threatened release of any
Hazardous Material.

        "Environmental Liability" means any liability, contingent or otherwise
(including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines,
penalties or indemnities), of the Company or any Subsidiary directly or
indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law,
(b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or
disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials,
(d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the
environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement
pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the
foregoing.

        "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued
thereunder. Section references to ERISA are to ERISA, as in effect at the
Effective Date and any subsequent provisions of ERISA, amendatory thereof,
supplemental thereto or substituted therefor.

        "ERISA Affiliate" means any trade or business (whether or not
incorporated) that, together with the Company, is treated as a single employer
under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302
of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under
Section 414 of the Code.

        "Event of Default" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.01.

        "Evergreen Investments" means Evergreen Investment Management Company,
LLC.

        "Excess Cash Flow" means, for any period, the remainder of (a) the sum
of, without duplication, (i) Adjusted Consolidated Net Income for such period
and (ii) the decrease, if any, in Adjusted Consolidated Working Capital from the
first day to the last day of such

                                     - 11 -
<PAGE>

period, minus (b) the sum of, without duplication, (i) the aggregate amount of
all Capital Expenditures made by the Company and its Subsidiaries during such
period (other than Capital Expenditures to the extent financed with equity
proceeds, Asset Sale proceeds, insurance proceeds or Indebtedness), (ii) the
aggregate amount of all payments made in respect of all Permitted Acquisitions
consummated by the Company and its Subsidiaries during such period (other than
any such payments to the extent financed with equity proceeds, Asset Sale
proceeds, insurance proceeds or Indebtedness), (iii) the aggregate amount of
permanent principal payments of Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company
and its Subsidiaries during such period (other than (A) repayments to the extent
made with Asset Sale proceeds, equity proceeds, insurance proceeds or
Indebtedness and (B) repayments of Term Loans, provided that repayments of Term
Loans shall be deducted in determining Excess Cash Flow to the extent such
repayments were (x) required as a result of a mandatory prepayment under Section
2.10 or (y) made as a voluntary prepayment with internally generated funds), and
(iv) the increase, if any, in Adjusted Consolidated Working Capital from the
first day to the last day of such period.

        "Excess Proceeds" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04.

        "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time.

        "Excluded Taxes" means, with respect to the Agent, any Lender, a
Participant or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of
any obligation of the Company hereunder, (a) income or franchise taxes imposed
on (or measured by) its net income by the United States of America, or by any
jurisdiction under the laws of which such recipient is authorized to do business
or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable lending office is
located, (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States of America or
any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction described in clause (a) above,
(c) taxes imposed by reason of the Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of
any payment described herein doing business in the jurisdiction imposing such
tax, other than solely as a result of the Credit Documents or any transaction
contemplated hereby and (d) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an
assignee pursuant to a request by the Company under Section 2.19(b)) or a
Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender, any withholding
tax that (i) is in effect and would apply to amounts payable to such Foreign
Lender or Participant at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this
Agreement (or designates a new lending office) or such Participant becomes a
Participant, except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if
any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or
assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Company with respect to any
withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.17(a), or (ii) is attributable to such
Foreign Lender's failure to comply with Section 2.17(e) or such Participant's
failure to comply with Section 9.04(f).

        "Existing Indebtedness" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.21.

        "Fair Market Value" means, with respect to any asset or property, the
price that could be negotiated in an arms-length free market transaction, for
cash, between a willing seller and a willing buyer, neither of whom is under
pressure or compulsion to complete the transaction. Unless otherwise specified
in this Agreement, Fair Market Value shall be

                                     - 12 -
<PAGE>

determined by the Board of Directors acting in good faith and shall be evidenced
by a Board Resolution.

        "FCC" means the U.S. Federal Communications Commission, or any successor
thereto.

        "FCC Licenses" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.24(a).

        "Federal Funds Effective Rate" means, for any day, the weighted average
(rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the rates on
overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System
arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding Business
Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so
published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded upwards, if
necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the quotations for such day for such
transactions.

        "First-Lien Administrative Agent" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        "First-Lien Collateral Agent" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement

        "First-Lien Credit Agreement" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        "First-Lien Credit Documents" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        "First-Lien Obligations" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        "Fixed Rate" when used in reference to any Term Loan, refers to whether
such Term Loans are bearing interest at the FX Rate.

        "Foreign Lender" means any Lender that is a Foreign Person.

        "Foreign Pension Plan" means each employee benefit plan, employment,
bonus, incentive, stock purchase and stock option plan, program, agreement or
arrangement; and each severance, termination pay, salary continuation,
retention, accrued leave, vacation, sick pay, sick leave, medical, life
insurance, disability, accident, profit-sharing, fringe benefit, pension,
deferred compensation or other retirement or superannuation plan, fund, program,
agreement, commitment or arrangement sponsored, established, maintained or
contributed to, or required to be contributed to, or with respect to which any
liability is borne, outside the fifty states of the United States of America, by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, any such
plan, fund, program, agreement or arrangement sponsored by a government or
governmental entity.

        "Foreign Person" means any Person that is not a "United States person"
as defined in section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

                                     - 13 -
<PAGE>

        "Foreign Restricted Subsidiary" means a Restricted Subsidiary that is
not a Domestic Restricted Subsidiary.

        "Foreign Subsidiary" means any (a) Subsidiary that is organized under
the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States of America or any State
thereof or the District of Columbia or (b) any Subsidiary that is organized
under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof or the
District of Columbia and whose assets (directly or indirectly) consist solely of
Capital Stock of one or more Subsidiaries that are Foreign Subsidiaries (which
constitute controlled foreign corporations as defined in Section 957 of the
Code) within the meaning of clause (a) of this definition.

        "FX Rate" means: (i) a rate per annum equal to 12.5% from the Effective
Date through and including March 31, 2006; and (ii) thereafter, a rate per annum
equal to 13.2%; provided, however, if the Company elects to pay the full amount
of the interest accrued for any Interest Payment Date in cash, the FX Rate shall
be deemed to be a rate per annum equal to 12.5% for such interest period.

        "GAAP" means, at any date of determination, generally accepted
accounting principles in effect in the United States and which are applicable as
of the date of determination and which are consistently applied for all
applicable periods.

        "Governmental Authority" means the government of the United States of
America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or
local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court,
central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to
government.

        "Governmental Authorizations" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.24(b).

        "Guarantee" means, as applied to any obligation, (i) a guarantee (other
than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary
course of business), direct or indirect, in any manner, of any part or all of
such obligation and (ii) an agreement, direct or indirect, contingent or
otherwise, the practical effect of which is to assure in any way the payment or
performance (or payment of damages in the event of non-performance) of all or
any part of such obligation, including, without limiting the foregoing, the
payment of amounts drawn down by letters of credit.

        "Hazardous Materials" means all explosive or radioactive substances or
wastes and all hazardous or toxic materials, substances, wastes or other
pollutants or contaminants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates,
asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas,
infectious or medical wastes, in each case, which are regulated pursuant to any
Environmental Law.

        "Indebtedness" means, as to any Person, without duplication, (i) all
indebtedness (including principal, interest, fees and charges) of such Person
for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property or services,
(ii) the maximum amount available to be drawn under all letters of credit,
bankers' acceptances and

                                     - 14 -
<PAGE>

similar obligations issued for the account of such Person and all unpaid
drawings in respect of such letters of credit, bankers' acceptances and similar
obligations, (iii) all Indebtedness of the types described in clause (i), (ii),
(iv), (v), (vi) or (vii) of this definition secured by any Lien on any property
owned by such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness has been assumed by such
Person (provided that, if the Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable
in respect of such Indebtedness, such Indebtedness shall be deemed to be in an
amount equal to the fair market value of the property to which such Lien relates
as determined in good faith by such Person), (iv) the aggregate amount of all
Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person, (v) all obligations of such Person
to pay a specified purchase price for goods or services, whether or not
delivered or accepted, i.e., take-or-pay and similar obligations, (vi) all
Contingent Obligations of such Person, (vii) all obligations under any Interest
Rate Protection Agreement, any Other Hedging Agreement or under any similar type
of agreement and (viii) all Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities of such Person.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not include trade payables and
accrued expenses incurred by any Person in accordance with customary practices
and in the ordinary course of business of such Person. For purposes of Section
6.01 and Section 6.04 hereof and the definition of "Events of Default," in
determining the principal amount of any Indebtedness to be incurred by the
Company or a Restricted Subsidiary or which is outstanding at any date, the
principal amount of any Indebtedness which provides that an amount less than the
principal amount at maturity thereof shall be due upon any declaration of
acceleration thereof shall be the accreted value thereof at the date of
determination. Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary
shall be deemed incurred at the time that such a Person becomes a Restricted
Subsidiary. It is understood and agreed that surety bonds obtained in the
ordinary course of business (and the related reimbursement obligations to the
respective surety or sureties) for the benefit of (and which support only
obligations otherwise permitted hereunder of) the Company and the Restricted
Subsidiaries (other than RCN International) shall not be considered Indebtedness
for purposes of this definition, so long as such surety bonds do not otherwise
support any obligation that would constitute Indebtedness.

        "Indemnified Taxes" means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes.

        "Indemnitee" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03.

        "Independent Financial Advisor" means a United States investment
banking, consulting or accounting firm of national standing in the United States
(i) which does not, and whose directors, officers and employees or Affiliates do
not, have a material direct or indirect financial interest in the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates and (ii) which, in the judgment of the Board
of Directors, is otherwise independent and qualified to perform the task for
which it is to be engaged.

        "Intercompany Loans" has the meaning set forth in clause (vii) of the
definition of Permitted Indebtedness.

        "Intercompany Note" means a promissory note evidencing Intercompany
Loans.

        "Intercreditor Agreement" means that certain Intercreditor Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof, among the Company, certain Subsidiaries of the
Company named therein, the Agent, the First-Lien Administrative Agent the
Second-Lien Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the First-Lien
Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, as such

                                     - 15 -
<PAGE>

agreement may from time to time be amended, modified or supplemented in
accordance with its terms.

        "Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each March, June,
September and December, commencing December 31, 2004.

        "Interest Rate Obligations" means the obligations of any Person pursuant
to any arrangement with any other Person whereby, directly or indirectly, such
Person is entitled to receive from time to time periodic payments calculated by
applying either a floating or a fixed rate of interest on a stated notional
amount and shall include without limitation, interest rate swaps, caps, floors,
collars, forward interest rate agreements and similar agreements.

        "Interest Rate Protection Agreement" means any interest rate swap
agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest collar agreement, interest rate
hedging agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement.

        "Intertainer" means Intertainer Inc., a Delaware corporation.

        "Investment" means, with respect to any Person, any advance, loan,
account receivable (other than an account receivable arising in the ordinary
course of business), or other extension of credit (including, without
limitation, by means of any guarantee) or any capital contribution to (by means
of transfers of property to others, payments for property or services for the
account or use of others, or otherwise), or any purchase or ownership of any
stocks, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities of, any other Person.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall any issuance of Capital Stock
(other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company in exchange for Capital Stock,
property or assets of another Person constitute an Investment by the Company in
such other Person.

        "Lenders" means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person
that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance,
other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an
Assignment and Acceptance.

        "License" means any license issued by the Federal Communications
Commission to the Company or any Subsidiary under the Communications Act.

        "Lien" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien (statutory or other),
security interest, hypothecation, assignment for security, claim, or preference
or priority or other encumbrance upon or with respect to any property of any
kind. A Person shall be deemed to own subject to a Lien any property which such
Person has acquired or holds subject to the interest of a vendor or lessor under
any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other title retention
agreement.

        "Margin Stock" has the meaning provided in Regulation U.

        "Material Adverse Effect" means (i) a material adverse effect on the
business, operations, properties, assets, liabilities, condition (financial or
otherwise) or prospects of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as
a whole since December 31, 2003 (other than the commencement of the bankruptcy
cases with respect to the Debtors-In-Possession) or (ii) a

                                     - 16 -
<PAGE>

material adverse effect (x) on the rights or remedies of the Lenders or the
Agent or Collateral Agent hereunder or under any other Credit Document or (y) on
the ability of the Company to perform its obligations to the Lenders or the
Agent or any Collateral Agent under any other Credit Documents.

        "Material Asset Sale" means any Asset Sale where the gross proceeds
received by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (taking the amount of
cash and Cash Equivalents received, the principal amount of Indebtedness
received and the fair market value of all other consideration) is in excess of
$5,000,000.

        "Maturity Date" means September 21, 2012.

        "Maximum First-Lien Credit Documents Principal Amount" has the meaning
given to it in the Intercreditor Agreement.

        "Maximum Second-Lien Principal Amount" has the meaning given to it in
the Intercreditor Agreement.

        "Maximum Rate" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.13.

        "Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

        "Mortgage" means a mortgage, leasehold mortgage, deed of trust,
leasehold deed of trust, deed to secure debt, leasehold deed to secure debt or
similar security instrument which shall be, prior the date of Discharge of
First-Lien Obligations, in substantially the same form delivered under the
First-Lien Credit Agreement, and, thereafter, in a form reasonably acceptable to
the trustee under the Second-Lien Note Indenture.

        "Mortgage Policy" means a mortgage title insurance policy or a binding
commitment with respect thereto.

        "Mortgaged Property" means any Real Property owned or leased by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries which is encumbered (or required to be
encumbered) by a Mortgage.

        "Multiemployer Plan" means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section
4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has any actual
or contingent liability.

        "Net Cash Proceeds" means, with respect to any Asset Sale, the proceeds
thereof in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents including payments in respect of
deferred payment obligations when received in the form of cash or Cash
Equivalents (except to the extent that such obligations are financed or sold
with recourse to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or any Restricted
Affiliate) net of (i) brokerage commissions and other fees and expenses
(including fees and expenses of legal counsel, accountants, consultants and
investment bankers) related to such Asset Sale, (ii) provisions for all taxes
payable as a result of such Asset Sale, (iii) amounts required to be paid to any
Person (other than the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or any Restricted
Affiliate) owning a beneficial interest in or having a Permitted Lien on the
assets subject to the Asset Sale and (iv) appropriate amounts to be provided by
the Company or any

                                     - 17 -
<PAGE>

Restricted Subsidiary or any Restricted Affiliate, as the case may be, as a
reserve required in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities associated with
such Asset Sale and retained by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or any
Restricted Affiliate, as the case may be, after such Asset Sale, including,
without limitation, pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities,
liabilities related to environmental matters and liabilities under any
indemnification obligations associated with such Asset Sale, all as reflected in
an Officers' Certificate delivered to the Agent.

        "New York Microwave Subscribers" means certain subscribers of
telecommunication, video or broadband services delivered via microwave,
including certain wiring and equipment utilized by such subscribers, owned by
the Company and its Subsidiaries that are, on the Effective Date, physically
located in New York City and Northern New Jersey plus (i) such additional
subscribers of telecommunication, video or broadband services delivered via
microwave and related assets as are, after the Effective Date, acquired and
located in New York City and Northern New Jersey pursuant to Capital
Expenditures made in accordance with Annex I, (ii) related net working capital
and (iii) Equity Interests in Persons that own no assets other than such assets.

        "Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Company that
is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Company.

        "Notice of Plan Effective Date" means the notice from the Company
certifying that the effective date for the Plan of Reorganization has occurred.

        "Obligations" has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security
Agreement.

        "Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities" of any Person shall mean (i) any
repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or
notes receivable sold by such Person, (ii) any liability of such Person under
any sale and leaseback transactions that do not create a liability on the
balance sheet of such Person, (iii) any obligation under a Synthetic Lease or
(iv) any obligation arising with respect to any other transaction which is the
functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not
constitute a liability on the balance sheet of such Person.

        "Original Credit Agreement" has the meaning assigned to such term in the
preamble to this Agreement.

        "Original Credit Documents" means the Original Credit Agreement, any
Notes, the other Security Documents and all filings and other agreements,
instruments, documents and certificates delivered to the Agent, the Collateral
Agent or any Lenders in connection with the Original Credit Agreement.

        "Other Hedging Agreement" means any foreign exchange contracts, currency
swap agreements, commodity agreements or other similar arrangements, or
arrangements designed to protect against fluctuations in currency values or
commodity prices.

        "Other Senior Debt Pro Rata Share" means the amount of the applicable
Excess Proceeds obtained by multiplying the amount of such Excess Proceeds by a
fraction, (i) the

                                     - 18 -
<PAGE>

numerator of which is the aggregate accreted value and/or principal amount, as
the case may be, of all Indebtedness (other than (w) Term Loans, (x)
Subordinated Indebtedness, (y) First-Lien Obligations and (z) Second-Lien
Obligations) of the Company outstanding at the time of the applicable Asset Sale
with respect to which the Company is required to use Excess Proceeds to repay or
make an offer to purchase or repay and (ii) the denominator of which is the sum
of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans outstanding at the time
of the offer to purchase or repay with respect to the applicable Asset Sale and
(b) the aggregate principal amount or the aggregate accreted value, as the case
may be, of all other Indebtedness (other than Subordinated Indebtedness, the
First-Lien Obligations and the Second-Lien Obligations) of the Company
outstanding at the time of the applicable prepayment date with respect to which
the Company is required to use the applicable Excess Proceeds to offer to repay
or make an offer to purchase or repay.

        "Other Taxes" means any and all present or future recording, stamp,
documentary, excise, transfer, sales, property or similar taxes, charges or
levies arising from any payment made under any Credit Document or from the
execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Credit
Document.

        "Outstanding Indebtedness" has the meaning assigned to it in the
preamble to this Agreement.

        "Participant" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04.

        "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and
defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions.

        "Permitted Acquisition" means the acquisition by the Company or a
Domestic Restricted Subsidiary of the Company of either (x) the assets
constituting a business, division or product line of any Person not already a
Subsidiary of the Company or (y)100% of the Capital Stock of any such Person,
which Person shall, as a result of the respective Permitted Acquisition, become
a Domestic Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (or shall be merged with and
into the Company or a Domestic Restricted Subsidiary, with the Company or such
Domestic Restricted Subsidiary being the surviving Person).

        "Permitted Business" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(b).

        "Permitted Indebtedness" means the following Indebtedness (each of which
shall be given independent effect):

        (a)     Indebtedness under this Agreement and the other Credit
Documents;

        (b)     Indebtedness of the Company and/or any Restricted Subsidiary
outstanding on the Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 6.01 (which shall
not include the Indebtedness under clause (h) below, as reduced by any permanent
repayments of principal thereof), without giving effect to any subsequent
extension, renewal or refinancing thereof;

        (c)     (i) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary owed to and held
by the Company or a Domestic Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) Indebtedness of a
Foreign Restricted

                                     - 19 -
<PAGE>

Subsidiary owed to and held by another Foreign Restricted Subsidiary and (iii)
Indebtedness of the Company, not secured by any Lien, owed to and held by any
Domestic Restricted Subsidiary; provided that an incurrence of Indebtedness
shall be deemed to have occurred upon (x) any sale or other disposition
(excluding assignments as security to financial institutions) of any
Indebtedness of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary referred to in this
clause (c) to a Person (other than the Company or a Domestic Restricted
Subsidiary) or (y) any sale or other disposition by the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary of Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary, or
Designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, which holds Indebtedness of the
Company or Restricted Subsidiary such that such Restricted Subsidiary, in any
such case, ceases to be a Domestic Restricted Subsidiary;

        (d)     Interest Rate Obligations of the Company and/or any Restricted
Subsidiary relating to Indebtedness of the Company and/or such Restricted
Subsidiary, as the case may be so long as the entering into of such Interest
Rate Obligations are bona fide hedging activities and are not for speculative
purposes;

        (e)     Indebtedness of the Company and/or any Restricted Subsidiary in
respect of performance bonds of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or
surety bonds provided by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred in
the ordinary course of business;

        (f)     Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries
evidenced by Capitalized Lease Obligations and purchase money Indebtedness
described in clause (vii) of the definition of Permitted Liens, provided that in
no event shall the sum of the aggregate principal amount of all Capitalized
Lease Obligations and purchase money Indebtedness permitted by this clause (iii)
exceed $25,000,000 at any time outstanding;

        (g)     Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company acquired
pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition (or Indebtedness assumed at the time of a
Permitted Acquisition of an asset securing such Indebtedness), provided that (x)
such Indebtedness was not incurred in connection with, or in anticipation or
contemplation of, such Permitted Acquisition, (y) such Indebtedness does not
constitute debt for borrowed money, it being understood and agreed that
Capitalized Lease Obligations and purchase money Indebtedness shall not
constitute debt for borrowed money for purposes of this clause (g) and (z) the
aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness permitted by this clause (g)
shall not exceed $17,500,000 at any one time outstanding;

        (h)     Indebtedness of the Company, and guarantees thereof by the
Subsidiaries of the Company under the Second-Lien Note Indenture and the other
Second-Lien Note Documents in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed
$150,000,000 (less the amount of any repayments of principal thereof made after
the Effective Date);

        (i)     Indebtedness of the Company and/or any Restricted Subsidiary to
the extent it represents a replacement, renewal, refinancing or extension (a
"Refinancing") of outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and/or any Restricted
Subsidiary incurred or outstanding pursuant to clause (a), or (b), of this
definition or the proviso of Section 6.01 hereof, provided that (1) Indebtedness
of the Company may not be Refinanced to such extent under this clause (i) with
Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary, and (2) any such Refinancing shall

                                     - 20 -
<PAGE>

only be permitted under this clause (i) to the extent that (x) it does not
result in a lower Average Life to Stated Maturity of such Indebtedness as
compared with the Indebtedness being Refinanced and (y) it does not exceed the
sum of the principal amount (or, if such Indebtedness provides for a lesser
amount to be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration thereof, an
amount no greater than such lesser amount) of the Indebtedness being Refinanced
plus the amount of accrued interest thereon and the amount of any reasonably
determined prepayment premium necessary to accomplish such Refinancing and such
reasonable fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith;

        (j)     Indebtedness of the Company and/or any Restricted Subsidiary
incurred under the First-Lien Credit Agreement, and any Refinancings of the
foregoing, such that the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness of the
Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries does not exceed, at the time of the
incurrence of such Indebtedness, the Maximum First-Lien Credit Documents
Principal Amount then in effect;

        (k)     guarantees by the Company of Indebtedness or operating lease
payment obligations of any Wholly Owned Domestic Restricted Subsidiary and by
any Wholly Owned Domestic Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or operating
lease payment obligations of any other Wholly Owned Domestic Restricted
Subsidiary, in each case so long as the respective underlying guaranteed
Indebtedness or operating lease payment obligations are otherwise permitted in
accordance with the relevant terms of this Agreement (other than this clause
(k)); and

        (l)     in addition to the items referred to in clauses (a) through (k)
above, Indebtedness of the Company and/or the Restricted Subsidiaries having an
aggregate principal amount not to exceed $17,500,000 at any time outstanding.

        "Permitted Investments" means Investments consisting of:

                (i)     accounts receivables owing to the Company or any
    Restricted Subsidiary, if created or acquired in the ordinary course of
    business and payable or dischargeable in accordance with customary trade
    terms of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary;

                (ii)    cash and Cash Equivalents;

                (iii)   Investments held by the Company or any Restricted
    Subsidiary on the Effective Date and described on Schedule 1.01B, provided
    that any additional Investments made with respect thereto shall constitute
    Permitted Investments only if permitted under the other provisions of this
    definition;

                (iv)    Investments acquired by the Company or any Restricted
    Subsidiary (including debt obligations) received in connection with the
    bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers and in good faith
    settlement of delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers
    and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business;

                (v)     loans and advances by the Company or any Restricted
    Subsidiary to their officers and employees for moving, relocation and travel
    expenses and other

                                     - 21 -
<PAGE>

    similar expenditures, in each case in the ordinary course of business in an
    aggregate amount not to exceed $10,500,000 at any time (determined without
    regard to any write-downs or write-offs of such loans and advances);

                (vi)    Interest Rate Obligations of counterparties under
    agreements permitted under clause (d) of the definition of "Permitted
    Indebtedness";

                (vii)   intercompany loans and advances between and among the
    Company and the Domestic Restricted Subsidiaries (collectively,
    "Intercompany Loans"), provided that promissory notes evidencing such
    Intercompany Loan shall be pledged to the Collateral Agent pursuant to, and
    to the extent required by, the Pledge Agreement but subject to the
    Intercreditor Agreement;

                (viii)  Permitted Acquisitions and the Starpower Acquisition;

                (ix)    Investments by the Company and its Restricted
    Subsidiaries in Capital Stock of Subsidiaries that are Domestic Restricted
    Subsidiaries both before and after such investments; provided that any such
    Capital Stock held by the Company shall be pledged pursuant to the Pledge
    Agreement;

                (x)     loans by the Company to the Employee Stock Ownership
    Plan of the Company, 100% of the gross proceeds of which (without reduction
    for costs, fees and expenses or other items) are immediately thereafter
    utilized by such Employee Stock Ownership Plan to purchase from the Company
    not more than 350,000 shares of the Company's common stock (such number of
    shares to be adjusted to reflect stock splits, stock dividends, stock
    combinations and similar events); and

                (xi)    Investments by the Company and its Subsidiaries
    consisting of corporate bonds that the Company or such Subsidiary holds on
    the Effective Date; provided that such bonds are sold on or prior to March
    31, 2005.

        "Permitted Encumbrance" means, with respect to any Mortgaged Property,
such exceptions to title as are set forth in the Mortgage Policy delivered with
respect thereto, which exceptions prior to the date of Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations must be acceptable to the Administrative Agent under the First-Lien
Credit Agreement in its reasonable discretion.

        "Permitted Liens" means:

                (i)     inchoate Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental
    charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments or
    governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith and by
    appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves have been established in
    accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

                (ii)    Liens in respect of property or assets of the Company or
    any of its Restricted Subsidiaries imposed by law, which were incurred in
    the ordinary course of business and do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed
    money, such as carriers', warehousemen's, materialmen's and mechanics' liens
    and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business, and (x)
    which do not in the aggregate materially detract

                                     - 22 -
<PAGE>

    from the value of the Company's or such Restricted Subsidiary's property or
    assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business
    of the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary or (y) which are being
    contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have
    the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets
    subject to any such Lien;

                (iii)   Liens in existence on the Effective Date which are
    listed, and the property subject thereto described, in Schedule 1.01A, but
    only to the respective date, if any, set forth in such Schedule 1.01A for
    the removal, replacement and termination of any such Liens, plus renewals,
    replacements and extensions of such Liens to the extent set forth on such
    Schedule 1.01A, provided that (x) the aggregate principal amount of the
    Indebtedness, if any, secured by such Liens does not increase from that
    amount outstanding at the time of any such renewal, replacement or extension
    and (y) any such renewal, replacement or extension does not encumber any
    additional assets or properties of the Company or any of its Restricted
    Subsidiaries;

                (iv)    Liens created by or pursuant to (x) the First-Lien
    Credit Documents and (y) the Second-Lien Note Documents;

                (v)     licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted to
    other Persons not materially interfering with the conduct of the business of
    the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;

                (vi)    Liens upon assets of the Company or any of its
    Restricted Subsidiaries subject to Capitalized Lease Obligations to the
    extent such Capitalized Lease Obligations are permitted by clause (f) of the
    definition of "Permitted Indebtedness", provided that (x) such Liens only
    serve to secure the payment of Indebtedness arising under such Capitalized
    Lease Obligation and (y) the Lien encumbering the asset giving rise to the
    Capitalized Lease Obligation does not encumber any asset of the Company or
    any other asset of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company;

                (vii)   Liens placed upon equipment or machinery acquired after
    the Effective Date and used in the ordinary course of business of the
    Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and placed at the time of the
    acquisition thereof by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary or within
    180 days thereafter to secure Indebtedness incurred to pay all or a portion
    of the purchase price thereof or to secure Indebtedness incurred solely for
    the purpose of financing the acquisition of any such equipment or machinery
    or extensions, renewals or replacements of any of the foregoing for the same
    or a lesser amount, provided that (x) the Indebtedness secured by such Liens
    is permitted by clause (f) of the definition of "Permitted Indebtedness" and
    (y) in all events, the Lien encumbering the equipment or machinery so
    acquired does not encumber any other asset of the Company or of any
    Restricted Subsidiary;

                (viii)  easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments
    and other similar charges or encumbrances, and minor title deficiencies, in
    each case not securing Indebtedness and not materially interfering with the
    conduct of the business of the Company or any of its Restricted
    Subsidiaries;

                                     - 23 -
<PAGE>

                (ix)    Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code
    financing statement filings regarding operating leases entered into in the
    ordinary course of business;

                (x)     Liens arising out of the existence of judgments or
    awards in respect of which the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
    shall in good faith be prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review and
    in respect of which there shall have been secured a subsisting stay of
    execution pending such appeal or proceedings, provided that the aggregate
    amount of all cash (including the stated amount of all letters of credit)
    and the fair market value of all other property subject to such Liens does
    not exceed $10,500,000 at any time outstanding;

                (xi)    statutory and common law landlords' liens under leases
        to which the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is a party;

                (xii)   Liens (other than Liens imposed under ERISA), including
    deposits, incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with
    workers compensation claims, unemployment insurance and social security
    benefits and Liens securing the performance of bids, tenders, leases and
    contracts in the ordinary course of business, statutory obligations, surety
    bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in
    the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice (exclusive
    of obligations in respect of the payment for borrowed money), provided that
    the aggregate amount of all cash and the fair market value of all other
    property subject to all Liens permitted by this clause (xii) shall not at
    any time exceed $11,000,000;

                (xiii)  Permitted Encumbrances;

                (xiv)   Liens on property or assets acquired pursuant to a
    Permitted Acquisition, or on property or assets of a Restricted Subsidiary
    of the Company in existence at the time such Restricted Subsidiary is
    acquired pursuant to such an acquisition, provided that (x) any Indebtedness
    that is secured by such Liens is permitted to exist under clause (g) of the
    definition of "Permitted Indebtedness", and (y) such Liens are not incurred
    in connection with, or in contemplation or anticipation of, such acquisition
    and do not attach to any asset of the Company or any other asset of the
    Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;

                (xv)    restrictions on the transfer or pledge of assets
    contained in any FCC License or imposed by the Communications Act,
    comparable state or local legislation, regulations or ordinances or the
    terms of cable TV franchises;

                (xvi)   Liens consisting of customary options, calls, puts or
    restrictions on transfer relating to Capital Stock of Non-Wholly Owned
    Subsidiaries and arising under joint venture arrangements with other holders
    (other than the Company and its Affiliates) of such Capital Stock; and

                (xvii)  other Liens, so long as neither the aggregate fair
    market value of all assets subject thereto, nor the aggregate amount of
    Indebtedness or other obligations secured thereby, exceeds $12,500,000.

                                     - 24 -
<PAGE>

        "Person" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability
company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental
Authority or other entity.

        "PIK Amount" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.13(b)(i).

        "Plan" means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a
Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section
412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Company or
any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section
4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) a "contributing sponsor" as defined in Section
4001(a)(13) of ERISA.

        "Plan Documents" has the meaning provided in the Plan of Reorganization.

        "Plan of Reorganization" has the meaning assigned to such term in the
preamble to this Agreement.

        "Pledge Agreement" means the Pledge Agreement, substantially in the form
of Exhibit D, between the Company and the Agent as collateral agent for the
benefit of the Secured Creditors.

        "Pledge Agreement Collateral" means all "Collateral" as defined in the
Pledge Agreement.

        "Preferred Stock" means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares,
interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of such
Person's preferred or preference stock whether now outstanding, or issued after
the Effective Date, and including, without limitation, all classes and series of
preferred or preference stock of such Person.

        "Pro Forma Basis" means, in connection with any calculation of
compliance with any financial covenant or financial term, the calculation
thereof after giving effect on a pro forma basis to (x) the incurrence of any
Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness, except to the extent same is
incurred to refinance other outstanding Indebtedness or to finance a Permitted
Acquisition) after the first day of the relevant Calculation Period as if such
Indebtedness had been incurred (and the proceeds thereof applied) on the first
day of the relevant Calculation Period, (y) the permanent repayment of any
Indebtedness (other than revolving Indebtedness except to the extent accompanied
by a corresponding permanent commitment reduction) after the first day of the
relevant Calculation Period as if such Indebtedness had been retired or redeemed
on the first day of the relevant Calculation Period and/or (z) the Permitted
Acquisition, if any, then being consummated as well as any other Permitted
Acquisition or Material Asset Sale consummated after the first day of the
relevant Calculation Period and on or prior to the date of the respective
Permitted Acquisition then being effected, as the case may be, with the
following rules to apply in connection therewith:

                (i)     all Indebtedness (x) (other than revolving Indebtedness,
    except to the extent same is incurred to refinance other outstanding
    Indebtedness or to finance a Permitted Acquisition) incurred or issued after
    the first day of the relevant Calculation Period (whether incurred to
    finance a Permitted Acquisition, to refinance Indebtedness or otherwise)
    shall be deemed to have been incurred or issued (and the proceeds thereof

                                     - 25 -
<PAGE>

    applied) on the first day of the respective Calculation Period and remain
    outstanding through the date of determination and (y) (other than revolving
    Indebtedness except to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent
    commitment reduction) permanently retired or redeemed after the first day of
    the relevant Calculation Period shall be deemed to have been retired or
    redeemed on the first day of the respective Calculation Period and remain
    retired through the date of determination;

                (ii)    all Indebtedness assumed to be outstanding pursuant to
    preceding clause (i) shall be deemed to have borne interest at (x) the rate
    applicable thereto, in the case of fixed rate indebtedness, or (y) at the
    rate which would have been applicable thereto on the last day of the
    respective Calculation Period, in the case of floating rate Indebtedness
    (although interest expense with respect to any Indebtedness for periods
    while same was actually outstanding during the respective period shall be
    calculated using the actual rates applicable thereto while same was actually
    outstanding); and

                (iii)   in making any determination of Consolidated EBITDA, pro
    forma effect shall be given to any Permitted Acquisition or Material Asset
    Sale consummated during the periods described above, with such Consolidated
    EBITDA to be determined as if such Permitted Acquisition or Material Asset
    Sale was consummated on the first day of the relevant Calculation Period,
    taking into account, for any portion of the relevant period being tested
    occurring prior to the consummation of any Permitted Acquisition or Material
    Asset Sale, demonstrable cost savings actually achieved simultaneously with,
    or to be achieved within a 1-year period following, the closing of the
    respective Permitted Acquisition or Material Asset Sales, which cost savings
    would be permitted to be recognized in pro forma financial statements
    prepared in accordance with Regulation S-X under the Securities Act, as if
    such cost-savings were realized on the first day of the relevant period.

        "RCN International" means RCN International Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation.

        "Refinancing" has the meaning set forth in clause (i) of the definition
of "Permitted Indebtedness."

        "Register" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.04.

        "Related Parties" means, with respect to any specified Person, such
Person's Affiliates and the respective directors, members, stockholders,
officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person's
Affiliates.

        "Related Fund" means with respect to any Lender that is a fund that
invests in bank loans in the ordinary course of business, any other fund that
invests in bank loans in the ordinary course of business and is advised or
managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such
investment advisor.

        "Replacement Assets" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04.

                                     - 26 -
<PAGE>

        "Required Lenders" means, at any time, Lenders having Term Loans
representing more than 50% of the sum of the total principal amount of
outstanding Term Loans at such time.

        "Required Unrestricted Cash Amount" means at any time the Adjusted
Leverage Ratio (as determined from the financial statements last delivered
pursuant to Section 5.01(b) or (c), as the case may be) is within a range set
forth below, the amount of Unrestricted Cash opposite such Adjusted Leverage
Ratio Range set forth below:

                                                Minimum Required Unrestricted
        Adjusted Leverage Ratio                 Cash and Cash Equivalents
        -------------------------------------   -----------------------------
        Greater than 6.50:1.00                  $  72,250,000

        Greater than 5.50:1.00, but less than
        or equal to 6.50:1.00                   $  68,000,000

        Greater than 4.50:1.00, but less than
        or equal to 5.50:1.00                   $  59,500,000

        Greater than 3.50:1.00, but less than
        or equal to 4.50:1.00                   $  51,000,000

        Greater than 3.00:1.00, but less than
        or equal to 3.50:1.00                   $  42,500,000

        Greater than 2.50:1.00, but less than
        or equal to 3.00:1.00                   $  21,250,000

        Less than or equal to 2.50:1.00         $           0

        Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to delivery of financial statements
pursuant to Section 5.01(b) for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2005, the
Adjusted Leverage Ratio shall be deemed to be greater than 6.50:1.00 (and the
Required Unrestricted Cash Amount until such time shall be $72,250,000).

        "Restricted" means, when referring to cash or Cash Equivalents of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, that such cash or Cash Equivalents (i)
appears (or would be required to appear) as "restricted" on a consolidated
balance sheet of the Company or of any such Subsidiary, (ii) are subject to any
Lien in favor of any Person other than the Collateral Agent for the benefit of
the Secured Creditors or (iii) are not otherwise generally available for use by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

        "Restricted Payment" means any of the following: (i) the declaration or
payment of any dividend or any other distribution on Capital Stock of the
Company or any payment made to the direct or indirect holders (in their
capacities as such) of Capital Stock of the Company other than dividends or
distributions payable solely in Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of
the Company or in options, warrants or other rights to purchase Capital Stock
(other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company; (ii) the purchase, redemption or
other acquisition or

                                     - 27 -
<PAGE>

retirement for value of any Capital Stock of the Company (other than any such
Capital Stock owned by the Company or a Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary);
(iii) the purchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement
for value prior to any scheduled repayment, sinking fund or maturity of any
Subordinated Indebtedness (other than any Subordinated Indebtedness held by the
Company or a Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary); or (iv) the making by the
Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of any Investment (other than a Permitted
Investment) in any Person.

        "Restricted Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Company that has not
been designated by the Board of Directors, by a Board Resolution delivered to
the Agent, as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to and in compliance with
Section 6.09 hereof. Any such designation may be revoked by a Board Resolution
delivered to the Agent, subject to the provisions of Section 6.09.

        "Restricted Subsidiary Indebtedness" means Indebtedness of any
Restricted Subsidiary (i) which is not subordinated to any other Indebtedness of
such Restricted Subsidiary and (ii) in respect of which the Company is not also
obligated (by means of a guarantee or otherwise) other than, in the case of this
clause (ii), Indebtedness under the First-Lien Credit Agreement and the
Second-Lien Note Indenture.

        "Returns" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.09.

        "Rollover Amount" has the meaning set forth in Annex I.

        "S&P" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of the McGraw
Hill Companies.

        "San Francisco Assets" means the Telecommunications Assets owned by the
Company and its Subsidiaries that are, on the Effective Date, physically located
in the San Francisco, California metropolitan area and utilized to provide
telecommunications services to customers of the Company or its Subsidiaries in
the San Francisco, California metropolitan area plus (i) such additional
Telecommunications Assets as are, after the Effective Date, acquired for such
cable systems and located in the San Francisco, California metropolitan area
pursuant to Capital Expenditures made in accordance with clause (a) of Annex I,
(ii) related net working capital and (iii) Equity Interests in Persons that own
no assets other than such assets.

        "SEC" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01.

        "Second-Lien Administrative Agent" means the "Trustee" (including in its
capacity as collateral agent under the Second-Line Note Documents) under and as
defined in the Second-Lien Note Indenture.

        "Second-Lien Collateral Agent" means the "Trustee" under and as defined
in the Second-Lien Note Documents.

        "Second-Lien Note Documents" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

                                     - 28 -
<PAGE>

        "Second-Lien Note Indenture" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        "Second-Lien Obligations" has the meaning given to it in the
Intercreditor Agreement.

        "Second Priority Lien" means the Liens that secure obligations under any
other agreements evidencing indebtedness secured by a second priority Lien on
any assets or properties of the Company.

        "Secured Creditors" has the meaning given to it in the Security
Agreement.

        "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

        "Security Agreement" means the Security Agreement, substantially in the
form of Exhibit E, between the Company and the Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors.

        "Security Agreement Collateral" means all "Collateral" as defined in the
Security Agreement.

        "Security Documents" means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the
Pledge Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement and all other security agreements,
pledges, collateral assignments or other instruments evidencing or creating any
Security Interests in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the
Agent and the Lenders, in all or any portion of the Collateral, in each case, as
amended, modified, restated, supplemented or replaced from time to time.

        "Security Interests" means the Liens on the Collateral created by the
Security Documents in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Lenders.

        "Senior Credit Agreements" means, together, the First-Lien Credit
Agreement and the Second-Lien Note Indenture.

        "Senior financial covenant" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.09.

        "Senior Lenders" means the lenders under the First-Lien Credit Agreement
and the holders of the notes issued pursuant to the Second-Lien Note Indenture.

        "Senior Liens" means the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Company
or the Subsidiaries of the Company to secure the payment of any First-Lien
Obligations or any Second-Lien Obligations, and all replacements, renewals and
other modifications of such Liens.

        "Significant Restricted Subsidiary" means any Restricted Subsidiary (or
group of Restricted Subsidiaries) that would constitute a Significant Restricted
Subsidiary, as defined under Regulation S-X (or any successor regulation) under
the Securities Act, but substituting therein 5% for each reference to 10%.

                                     - 29 -
<PAGE>

        "Special Default" means (a) a Default under Section 7.01(a), (b) or, to
the extent constituting a failure to make a payment, 7.01(c) or (b) any other
Event of Default.

        "Starpower" means Starpower Communications, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company.

        "Starpower Acquisition" means the acquisition by the Company of the 50%
of the Capital Stock in Starpower not owned by the Company for aggregate
consideration not exceeding $32,000,000.

        "Starpower Group" means Starpower and its subsidiaries.

        "Subordinated Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness of the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company which is expressly subordinated in right of payment to
any other Indebtedness of the Company or such Subsidiary of the Company.

        "Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, (i) any corporation of
which the outstanding Capital Stock having at least a majority of the votes
entitled to be cast in the election of directors shall at the time be owned,
directly or indirectly, by such Person, or (ii) any other Person of which at
least a majority of voting interest is at the time, directly or indirectly,
owned by such Person. For the purposes of this definition, "voting stock" means
stock which ordinarily has voting power for the election of directors, whether
at all times or only so long as no senior class of stock has such voting power
by reason of any contingency.

        "Subsidiary Credit Party" means, following a Collateral Trigger Date,
any Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary that is a Significant Restricted
Subsidiary and is not a Foreign Subsidiary and that is (as of such date) a
"non-restricted Subsidiary" as such term is defined in the definition of
"Collateral Trigger Date."

        "Synthetic Lease" means a lease transaction under which the parties
intend that (i) the lease will be treated as an "operating lease" by the lessee
and (ii) the lessee will be entitled to various tax and other benefits
ordinarily available to owners (as opposed to lessees) of like property.

        "Taxes" means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts,
duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental
Authority.

        "Telecommunications Assets" means properties or assets utilized directly
or indirectly for the design, development, construction, installation,
operation, integration, management or provision of any telecommunications
business, including voice, video and data transmission products, services and
systems and any business reasonably related to the foregoing.

        "Term Loans" means the loans made by the Lenders to the Company pursuant
to this Agreement.

        "Term Note" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.08(e).

                                     - 30 -
<PAGE>

        "Test Period" means (i) for the period ended March 31, 2005, the fiscal
quarter of the Company then ended, (ii) for the period ended June 30, 2005, the
two consecutive fiscal quarters (taken as one accounting period) of the Company
then ended, (iii) for the period ended September 30, 2005, the three consecutive
fiscal quarters (taken as one accounting period) of the Company then ended and
(iv) thereafter, each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company
then last ended (in each case taken as one accounting period).

        "Total Leverage Ratio" shall mean, at any time, the ratio of
Consolidated Indebtedness at such time to Consolidated EBITDA for the Test
Period then most recently ended.

        "Transaction" means, collectively, (i) the consummation of the Plan of
Reorganization, (ii) the entering into of the First-Lien Credit Documents and
the occurrence of the Credit Events thereunder on the Effective Date, (iii) the
entering into of the Second-Lien Note Documents and the issuance of all
Second-Lien Notes thereunder on the Effective Date, (iv) the entering into of
the Credit Documents and (v) the payment of all fees and expenses in connection
with the foregoing.

        "Unrestricted" means, when referring to cash or Cash Equivalents of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, that such cash or Cash Equivalents are not
Restricted.

        "Unrestricted Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Company designated
as such pursuant to and in compliance with Section 6.09 hereof. Any such
designation may be revoked by a Board Resolution delivered to the Agent, subject
to the provisions of Section 6.09.

        "Voting Stock" means, with respect to any Person, the Capital Stock of
any class or kind ordinarily having the power to vote for the election of
directors or other members of the governing body of such Person.

        "Wholly Owned Domestic Restricted Subsidiary" means, as to any Person,
any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of such Person which is a Restricted Subsidiary and
is incorporated or organized in the United States or any State thereof.

        "Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary" means any Restricted Subsidiary of
which all of the outstanding Capital Stock is owned by the Company or another
Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary. For the purposes of this definition, any
directors' qualifying shares or investments by foreign nationals mandated by
applicable law shall be disregarded in determining the ownership of a Restricted
Subsidiary.

        "Wholly Owned Subsidiary" means, as to any Person, (i) any corporation
100% of whose capital stock is at the time owned by such Person and/or one or
more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person and (ii) any partnership,
association, joint venture or other entity in which such Person and/or one or
more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person has a 100% equity interest at such
time.

        "Withdrawal Liability" means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a
result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such
terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.

                                     - 31 -
<PAGE>

        1.02    [Reserved].

        1.03    Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply
equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the
context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine,
feminine and neuter forms. The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall
be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation". The word "will"
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word "shall".
Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any
agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring
to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such
amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference
herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person's successors and
assigns, (c) the words "herein", "hereof" and "hereunder", and words of similar
import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to
any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles,
Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and
Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words
"asset" and "property" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect
and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties,
including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.

        1.04    Accounting Terms. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein,
all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance
with GAAP as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Company notifies
the Agent that the Company requests an amendment to any provision hereof to
eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in
the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if (based on a
request from the Required Lenders) the Agent notifies the Company that the
Required Lenders have requested an amendment to any provision hereof for such
purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such
change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be
interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before
such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been
withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith.

                                   ARTICLE II

                                   The Credits

        2.01    Outstanding Term Loans. On the terms and subject to the
conditions hereof, each Lender agrees, on a several but not joint basis, to make
a Term Loan to the Company, in the amounts set forth on Schedule 2.01 hereto, on
the Effective Date.

        2.02    [Reserved].

        2.03    [Reserved].

        2.04    [Reserved].

        2.05    [Reserved].

                                     - 32 -
<PAGE>

        2.06    [Reserved].

        2.07    [Reserved].

        2.08    Repayment of Term Loans; Evidence of Debt.

        (a)     The Company hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Agent
for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Term
Loan of such Lender as provided in Section 2.09.

        (b)     Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice
an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Company to such Lender
resulting from each Term Loan made by Lender, including the amounts of principal
and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.

        (c)     The Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i)
the amount of each Term Loan made hereunder, (ii) the amount of any principal or
interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Company to each
Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Agent hereunder
for the account of the Lenders and each Lender's share thereof.

        (d)     The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to
paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall conclusively establish the existence
and amounts of the obligations recorded therein, absent manifest error; provided
that the failure of any Lender or the Agent to maintain such accounts or any
error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligations of the Company to
repay the Term Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

        (e)     Any Lender may request that Term Loans made by it be evidenced
by a promissory note. In such event, the Company shall prepare, execute and
deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if
requested by such Lender, to such Lender or its registered assigns) and in the
form of Exhibit F hereto (each a "Term Note" and, collectively, the "Term
Notes"). Thereafter, the Term Loans evidenced by such Term Note and interest
thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04)
be represented by one or more Term Notes in such form payable to the payee named
therein (or, if such Term Note is a registered note, to such payee and its
registered assigns).

        2.09    Repayment of Term Loans. The Company shall repay the outstanding
principal balance of the Term Loans plus all accrued and unpaid interest
thereon, on the Maturity Date.

                                     - 33 -
<PAGE>

        2.10    Prepayment of Term Loans.

        (a)     The Company may prepay any of the Term Loans under this Section
2.10(a), in whole or in part, to the extent permitted by the Senior Credit
Agreements and subject to the requirements of this Section, provided that the
Company shall at the time of such prepayment pay to the Agent, for the pro rata
account of each Lender, the following amounts:

                (i)     if such prepayment is made after the Effective Date but
    before the second anniversary thereof, 100% of the then principal amount of
    the Term Loan, plus all accrued and unpaid interest;

                (ii)    if such prepayment is made on or after the second
    anniversary of the Effective Date but before the third anniversary thereof,
    103% of the then principal amount of the Term Loan, plus all accrued and
    unpaid interest;

                (iii)   if such prepayment is made on or after the third
    anniversary of the Effective Date but before the fourth anniversary thereof,
    102% of the then principal amount of the Term Loan, plus all accrued and
    unpaid interest;

                (iv)    if such prepayment is made on or after the fourth
    anniversary of the Effective Date but before the fifth anniversary thereof,
    101% of the principal amount of the Term Loan, plus all accrued and unpaid
    interest; or

                (v)     if such prepayment is made on or after the fifth
    anniversary of the Effective Date but before the Maturity Date, 100% of the
    then principal amount of the Term Loan, plus all accrued and unpaid
    interest.

        (b)     Following the end of each fiscal year of the Company, commencing
at the end of the fiscal year in which all amounts outstanding under the Senior
Credit Agreements have been paid in full, the Company shall prepay Term Loans in
an aggregate amount equal to 50% of Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year;
provided that any Lender may waive the right to receive the amount of such
mandatory prepayment and such amount shall be applied to the other Term Loans
being repaid pro rata. Each prepayment pursuant to this paragraph shall be made
without any premium or penalty of any kind and shall be made on or before the
date on which financial statements are delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 with
respect to the fiscal year for which Excess Cash Flow is being calculated (and
in any event within 90 days after the end of such fiscal year).

        (c)     In the event of the receipt by the Company of Excess Proceeds
that are not used to repay the First-Lien Obligations and/or the Second-Lien
Obligations, the Company shall prepay the Term Loans on the next Business Day in
an amount equal to such proceeds not so used, to the extent permitted by the
Senior Credit Agreements and subject to the requirements of this Section.

        (d)     Prior to any optional or mandatory prepayment of Term Loans
pursuant to this Section, the Company shall select the Term Loans to be prepaid
and shall specify such selection in the notice of such prepayment pursuant to
paragraph (e) of this Section provided that all Term Loans shall be paid pro
rata.

                                     - 34 -
<PAGE>

        (e)     The Company shall notify the Agent in writing of any prepayment
hereunder not later than 11:00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before
the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify
the prepayment date, the principal amount of the Term Loans or portion thereof
to be prepaid and, in the case of a mandatory prepayment, a reasonably detailed
calculation of the amount of such prepayment. Promptly following receipt of any
such notice, the Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each
prepayment of the Term Loans shall be applied ratably to the Term Loans.
Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by
Section 2.13 and provided further that no prepayment of Term Loans need be made
under this paragraph (e) until the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds
received in respect of which prepayments are otherwise required to be made
equals or exceeds $5,000,000, at which time a prepayment shall be made in an
aggregate amount equal to all such Net Cash Proceeds in respect of which no such
prepayment has yet been made.

        2.11    [Reserved].

        2.12    Fees.

        (a)     The Company agrees to pay to the Agent and each Lender, in each
case for such Person's own account, fees and other consideration payable in the
amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Company and the
Agent or such Lender, respectively.

        (b)     Except as set forth in any agreement referred to in clause (a)
above, all fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately
available funds, to the Agent for distribution, in the case of participation
fees, to the Lenders entitled thereto. Fees paid shall not be refundable under
any circumstances unless paid in the absence of an obligation to pay such fee.

        2.13    Interest.

        (a)     The Term Loans shall accrue interest at the FX Rate.

        (b)     (i) From the Effective Date through and including March 31,
2006, the interest accrued to any Interest Payment Date shall be capitalized and
added to the principal amount of the Term Loans (such accrued interest, the "PIK
Amount") and no interest for such period shall be paid in cash. From and after
each Interest Payment Date, the principal amount of Term Loan shall, without
further action on the part of the Company or the Lenders, be deemed to be
increased by the PIK Amount so capitalized and added to the principal in
accordance with the provisions hereof.

                (ii) From and after April 1, 2006 through the Maturity Date,
accrued interest shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date as follows: (i)
interest at a rate of 6.25% per annum shall be paid in cash, and (ii) interest
at a rate of 6.95% per annum shall be capitalized as a PIK Amount and the
principal amount of the Term Loan shall, without further action on the part of
the Company or the Lenders, be deemed to be increased by the PIK Amount so
capitalized and added to the principal in accordance with the provisions hereof;
provided, that, for any Interest Payment Date, the Company may elect to pay in
cash the full amount of the

                                     - 35 -
<PAGE>

interest accrued for that interest period, in which case interest shall be
deemed to have accrued at a rate per annum of 12.5% for such period.

        (c)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest
on any Term Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Company hereunder is
not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise,
such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a
rate per annum equal to 2% plus the applicable FX Rate.

        (d)     Accrued interest on each Term Loan shall be payable in arrears
on each Interest Payment Date for such Term Loan; provided that, (i) in
accordance with Section 2.13(b)(i), the Term Loans will not accrue cash interest
prior to April 1, 2006, (ii) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this
Section shall be payable on demand, and (iii) in the event of any repayment or
prepayment of any Term Loan, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or
prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment.

        (e)     All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year
of 360 days, and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed
(including the first day but excluding the last day).

        2.14    [Reserved].

        2.15    Increased Costs.

        (a)     If any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding
capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return
on such Lender's capital or on the capital of such Lender's holding company, as
a consequence of this Agreement or the Term Loans made by such Lender, to a
level below that which such Lender or such Lender's holding company could have
achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender's
policies and the policies of such Lender's holding company with respect to
capital adequacy), then from time to time the Company will pay to such Lender
such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such
Lender's holding company for any such reduction suffered.

        (b)     A certificate of a Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the
amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as
the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) of this Section and the
determination thereof shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive
absent demonstrable error. The Company shall pay such Lender the amount shown as
due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.

        (c)     Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand
compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such
Lender's right to demand such compensation; provided that the Company shall not
be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any increased
costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such
Lender notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased
costs or reductions and of such Lender's intention to claim compensation
therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such
increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the

                                     - 36 -
<PAGE>

270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of
retroactive effect thereof.

        2.16    [Reserved].

        2.17    Taxes.

        (a)     Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the
Company or any Subsidiary hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall be
made free and clear of and without deduction for any Indemnified Taxes or Other
Taxes; provided that if the Company or any Subsidiary shall be required by law
or regulation to deduct any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes from such payments,
then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making
all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums
payable under this Section) the Agent or Lender(as the case may be) receives an
amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made,
(ii) the Company or such Subsidiary shall make such deductions and (iii) the
Company or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, shall pay the full amount
deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable
law.

        (b)     In addition, the Company and any Subsidiary shall pay any Other
Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.

        (c)     The Company and any Subsidiary Credit Party shall, jointly and
severally, indemnify the Agent and each Lender within 15 days after written
demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes
required to be paid by the Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, on or with
respect to any payment by or on account of any obligation of the Company or any
Subsidiary hereunder or under any other Credit Document (including Indemnified
Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable
under this Section), and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or
Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant
Governmental Authority. After the Agent or such Lender learns of the imposition
of such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, such party will act in good faith to
promptly notify the Company of its obligations thereunder. A certificate setting
forth in reasonable detail the amount of such payment or liability and the
determination thereof delivered to the Company by a Lender or by the Agent on
its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent demonstrable
error.

        (d)     As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or
Other Taxes by the Company or any Subsidiary to a Governmental Authority, the
Company shall deliver to the Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt
issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the
return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably
satisfactory to the Agent and the Required Lenders.

        (e)     Each Lender that is a Foreign Person and that is entitled to an
exemption from or reduction of withholding tax with respect to payments under
any Credit Document shall deliver to the Company (with a copy to the Agent, as
applicable), at the time(s) prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested
by the Company (or the Agent, as applicable), such

                                     - 37 -
<PAGE>

properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or
reasonably requested by the Company as will permit such payments to be made
without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. Each Lender and Agent
that is a United States person, as defined in section 7701(a)(30) of the Code
(other than a Person that the Company may treat as an "exempt recipient"
pursuant to Treasury Regulations section 1.6049-4(c)), shall deliver at the
time(s) and in the manner(s) prescribed by applicable law or reasonably
requested by the Company (or the Agent, as applicable), properly completed and
duly executed United States Internal Revenue Form W-9 or any successor form,
certifying that such Person is exempt from United States backup withholding tax
on payments made under the Credit Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Section 2.17(e), each such Lender shall not be required to deliver any
form pursuant to this Section 2.17(e) that such Lender is not legally able to
deliver (i) at the time such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement or (ii) to
the extent that such failure is due to a change in treaty, law, regulation or
any action by the Company occurring subsequent to the date on which such form
originally was required to be provided pursuant to this Section 2.17(e).

        (f)     If any Foreign Lender or Participant receives a refund of any
Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Company or with
respect to which the Company has paid additional amounts pursuant to this
Section 2.17, it shall pay over such refund to the Company (but only to the
extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Company
under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to
such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Foreign Lender without
interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority
with respect to such refund); provided, however, that the Company, upon the
request of such Foreign Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the
Company pursuant to this Section 2.17(f) (plus any penalties, interest or other
charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Foreign Lender in
the event such Foreign Lender is required to repay such refund to such
Governmental Authority. Nothing contained in this Section 2.17(f) shall require
any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating
to its taxes which it deems confidential) to the Company or any other Person.

        2.18    Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set-offs.

        (a)     The Company shall make each payment required to be made by it
hereunder or under any other Credit Document (whether of principal, interest, or
fees, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to
the time expressly required hereunder or under such other Credit Document for
such payment (or, if no such time is expressly required, prior to 1:00 p.m., New
York City time), on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without
set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date shall
be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes
of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Agent,
except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made
directly to the Persons entitled thereto and payments pursuant to other Credit
Documents shall be made to the Persons specified therein. The Agent shall
distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person
to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in no event shall the issuance of any warrants or other right to
acquire any such Capital Stock of the Company to any Lender or any payment or
proceeds resulting from such issuance constitute a payment which shall be
subject to distribution amongst

                                     - 38 -
<PAGE>

any other Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.18(a). If any payment under any
Credit Document shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for
payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case
of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the
period of such extension. All payments under each Credit Document shall be made
in dollars.

        (b)     If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available
to the Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, interest and fees then due
hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest
and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in
accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and
(ii) second, towards payment of principal then due hereunder, ratably among the
parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to
such parties.

        (c)     If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or
counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or
interest on any of its Term Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of
a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Term Loans and accrued
interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the
Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value)
participations in the Term Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so
that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in
accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on
their respective Term Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are
purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is
recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price
restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the
provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made
by the Company pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this
Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the
assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Term Loans to any
assignee or participant, other than to the Company or any Subsidiary or
Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply).
The Company consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent they may
effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a
participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the
Company's rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation
as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Company in the amount
of such participation.

        (d)     Unless the Agent shall have received written notice from the
Company prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Agent for the
account of the Lenders hereunder that the Company will not make such payment,
the Agent may assume that the Company has made such payment on such date in
accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the
Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Company has not in fact made such
payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Agent
forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender with interest
thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to
it to but excluding the date of payment to the Agent, at the Federal Funds
Effective Rate.

        (e)     If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made
by it pursuant to Section 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), then the Agent shall
(notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof) apply any amounts thereafter
received by the Agent for the account of such

                                     - 39 -
<PAGE>

Lender to satisfy such Lender's obligations under such Sections until all such
unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.

        2.19    Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

        (a)     If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if
the Company is required to pay any additional amount to (or for the benefit of)
any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant
to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a
different lending office for booking its Term Loans hereunder or to assign its
rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or
affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or
assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section
2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such
Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be
disadvantageous to such Lender. The Company hereby agrees to pay all reasonable
costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such
designation or assignment.

        (b)     If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if
the Company is required to pay any additional amount to (or for the benefit of)
any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant
to Section 2.17, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon
notice to such Lender and the Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate,
without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained
in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement
to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another
Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that such Lender shall
have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its
Term Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable
to it hereunder or pursuant to any other Credit Document, from the assignee (to
the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the
Company (in the case of all other amounts). A Lender shall not be required to
make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a
waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to
require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.

                                  ARTICLE III

                         Representations and Warranties

        In order to induce the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make
the Term Loans, the Company makes the following representations, warranties and
agreements, in each case after giving effect to the Transaction, all of which
shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Term Notes
and the making of the Term Loans on or after the Effective Date being deemed to
constitute a representation and warranty that the matters specified in this
Article III are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the
Effective Date (it being understood and agreed that any representation or
warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to
be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date).

                                     - 40 -
<PAGE>

        3.01    Organizational Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries
(i) is a duly organized and validly existing corporation, partnership or limited
liability company, as the case may be, in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has the corporate, partnership or limited
liability company power and authority, as the case may be, to own its property
and assets and to transact the business in which it is engaged and presently
proposes to engage and (iii) is duly qualified and is authorized to do business
and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the ownership, leasing or
operation of its property or the conduct of its business requires such
qualifications except for failures to be so qualified which, either individually
or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

        3.02    Power and Authority. The Company has the corporate power and
authority to execute, deliver and perform the terms and provisions of each of
the Credit Documents and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize
the execution, delivery and performance by it of each of such Credit Documents.
The Company has duly executed and delivered each of the Credit Documents, and
each of such Credit Documents constitutes its legal, valid and binding
obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that
the enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws generally affecting creditors'
rights and by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought
in equity or at law).

        3.03    No Violation. Neither the execution, delivery or performance by
the Company of the Credit Documents, nor compliance by it with the terms and
provisions thereof, (i) will contravene any provision of any law, statute, rule
or regulation or any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or
governmental instrumentality or the terms of any FCC License or other
Governmental Authorization, (ii) will conflict with or result in any breach of
any of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a
default under, or result in the creation or imposition of (or the obligation to
create or impose) any Lien (except pursuant to the Security Documents, the
First-Lien Credit Documents and the Second-Lien Note Documents) upon any of the
property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the
terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or credit agreement, or any
other material agreement, contract or instrument, in each case to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its
property or assets is bound or to which it may be subject, except for such
conflicts, breaches or defaults that would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) will violate any provision of
the certificate or articles of incorporation, certificate of formation, limited
liability company agreement or by-laws (or equivalent organizational documents),
as applicable, of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

        3.04    Approvals. No order, consent, approval, license, authorization
or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with (except for (w)
those that have otherwise been obtained or made on or prior to the Effective
Date and which remain in full force and effect on the Effective Date, (x)
filings which are necessary to perfect the security interests created under the
Security Documents, which filings shall have been made (or will be made within
ten (10) days of the Effective Date), (y) filings which are necessary to perfect
the security interests created under the First-Lien Credit Documents, which
filings will be made prior to the filings described in clause (x) and (z) and
within ten (10) days following the Effective Date, and (z) filings which are
necessary to perfect the security interests created under the Second-Lien

                                     - 41 -
<PAGE>

Security Documents, which filings will be made prior to the filings described in
clause (x) and within ten (10) days following the Effective Date, or exemption
by, any governmental or public body or authority, or any subdivision thereof, is
required to be obtained or made by, or on behalf of, the Company to authorize,
or is required to be obtained or made by, or on behalf of, the Company in
connection with, (i) the execution, delivery and performance of any Credit
Document or (ii) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of any
such Credit Document.

        3.05    Financial Statements; Financial Condition; Undisclosed
Liabilities; Projections.

        (a)     The consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2001, December 31, 2002, December 31, 2003,
March 31, 2004, June 30, 2004 and September 30, 2004, and the related
consolidated statements of income, cash flows and retained earnings of the
Company for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2001, 2002 and 2003 and the six
and nine-month periods ended June 30, 2004 and September 30, 2004, copies of
which have been made available to the Lenders prior to the Effective Date,
present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial position of
the Company at the dates of such balance sheets and the consolidated results of
the operations of the Company for the periods covered thereby. All of the
foregoing historical financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied (except, in the
case of the aforementioned quarterly or monthly financial statements, for normal
year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes).

        (b)     Except as fully disclosed in the financial statements made
available pursuant to Section 3.05(a) there were as of the Effective Date no
liabilities or obligations with respect to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of any nature whatsoever (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or
otherwise and whether or not due) which, either individually or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries. As of the Effective Date, the Company knows of no basis for
the assertion against it or any of its Subsidiaries of any liability or
obligation of any nature whatsoever that is not fully disclosed in the financial
statements made available pursuant to Section 3.05(a) or referred to in the
immediately preceding sentence which, either individually or in the aggregate,
could reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.

        (c)     Since December 31, 2003, there have been no changes, events
and/or occurrences that have had, or could reasonably be expected to have,
either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

        3.06    Litigation. There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened (i) with respect to the
Transaction or any Credit Document or (ii) that could reasonably be expected,
either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

        3.07    True and Complete Disclosure. All factual information (taken as
a whole) furnished by or on behalf of the Company in writing to the Agent or any
Lender (including, without limitation, all information contained in the Credit
Documents) for purposes of or in

                                     - 42 -
<PAGE>

connection with this Agreement, the other Credit Documents or any transaction
contemplated herein or therein is, and all other such factual information (taken
as a whole) hereafter furnished by or on behalf of the Company in writing to the
Agent or any Lender will be, true and accurate in all material respects on the
date as of which such information is dated or certified and not incomplete by
omitting to state any fact necessary to make such information (taken as a whole)
not misleading in any material respect at such time in light of the
circumstances under which such information was provided.

        3.08    Use of Proceeds.

        (a)     All proceeds of the Term Loans will be used by the Company to
finance, in part, the Transaction and to pay the fees and expenses relating to
the Transaction.

        (b)     No part of the proceeds of any Term Loan will be used to
purchase or carry any Margin Stock. Neither the making of any Term Loan, nor the
use of the proceeds thereof will violate or be inconsistent with the provisions
of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

        3.09    Tax Returns and Payments. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries has timely filed or caused to be timely filed with the appropriate
taxing authority all federal income tax and other material returns, statements,
forms and reports for taxes (the "Returns") required to be filed by, or with
respect to the income, properties or operations of, the Company and/or any of
its Subsidiaries. The Returns accurately reflect in all material respects all
liability for taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods covered
thereby. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has paid all taxes and
assessments payable by it which have become due, other than (i) those that are
immaterial, (ii) those being contested in good faith and adequately disclosed
and fully provided for on the financial statements of the Company and its
Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (iii) those discharged pursuant to the
Plan of Reorganization and (iv) those payable over time pursuant to the Plan of
Reorganization (which taxes and assessments, in the case of this clause (iv) and
to the extent due in accordance with the Plan of Reorganization, have been paid
in all material respects in accordance with the terms of the Plan of
Reorganization). Except as set forth on Schedule 3.09, there is no action, suit,
proceeding, investigation, audit or claim now pending or, to the best knowledge
of the Company, threatened by any authority regarding any taxes relating to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Except as provided on Schedule 3.09, as of
the Effective Date, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered
into an agreement or waiver or been requested to enter into an agreement or
waiver extending any statute of limitations relating to the payment or
collection of taxes of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or is aware of
any circumstances that would cause the taxable years or other taxable periods of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries not to be subject to the normally
applicable statute of limitations. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has incurred, nor will any of them incur, any material tax
liability in connection with the Transaction or any other transactions
contemplated hereby (it being understood that the representation contained in
this sentence does not cover any future tax liabilities of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries arising as a result of the operation of their businesses in the
ordinary course of business).

        3.10    Compliance with ERISA. Schedule 3.10 sets forth, as of the
Effective Date, the name of each Plan. Each Plan (and each related trust) is in
substantial compliance with

                                     - 43 -
<PAGE>

its terms and with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, ERISA and
the Code; each Plan (and each related trust, if any) which is intended to be
qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received or timely applied for a
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that it
meets the requirements of Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code within the
preceding six years; neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or ERISA
Affiliates has ever maintained or contributed to, or had any obligation to
maintain or contribute to (or borne any liability with respect to) any "employee
pension benefit plan," within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA, that is a
"multiemployer plan," within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA, or that is
subject to the minimum funding standards of Section 412 of the Code or Section
302 of ERISA or subject to Title IV of ERISA; neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries or ERISA Affiliates has any obligation to maintain or contribute to
(or borne any liability with respect to) any Foreign Pension Plan; all
contributions required to be made with respect to a Plan have been timely made;
neither the Company nor any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company nor any ERISA
Affiliate has incurred any material liability (including any indirect,
contingent or secondary liability) to or on account of a Plan pursuant to
Section 409, 502(i), 502(l), 515, 4204 or 4212 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the
Code or expects to incur any such liability under any of the foregoing sections
with respect to any Plan; no condition exists which presents a material risk to
the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate
of incurring a liability to or on account of a Plan pursuant to the foregoing
provisions of ERISA and the Code; no action, suit, proceeding, hearing, audit or
investigation with respect to the administration, operation or the investment of
assets of any Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) is pending, expected
or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened; each group health plan (as
defined in Section 607(1) of ERISA or Section 4980B(g)(2) of the Code) which
covers or has covered employees or former employees of the Company, any
Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, or any ERISA Affiliate has at all times
been operated in compliance with the provisions of Part 6 of subtitle B of Title
I of ERISA and Section 4980B of the Code, except to the extent that any failure
to comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a material liability to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; each group health plan (as defined in 45
Code of Federal Regulations Section 160.103) which covers or has covered
employees or former employees of the Company, any Restricted Subsidiary of the
Company, or any ERISA Affiliate has at all times been operated in compliance
with the provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
of 1996 and the regulations promulgated thereunder, except to the extent that
any failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a material
liability to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; no lien imposed under the
Code or ERISA on the assets of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of the
Company or any ERISA Affiliate exists or is likely to arise on account of any
Plan; and the Company and its Subsidiaries may cease contributions to or
terminate any employee benefit plan maintained by any of them without incurring
any material liability.

        3.11    The Security Documents.

        (a)     The provisions of the Security Agreement are effective to create
in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, a
legal, valid and enforceable security interest in all right, title and interest
of the Company in the Security Agreement Collateral described therein, and the
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, has (or will have
within ten (10) days of the Effective Date) a fully perfected security interest
in

                                     - 44 -
<PAGE>

all right, title and interest in all of the Security Agreement Collateral
described therein, subject to no other Liens other than Permitted Liens.

        (b)     The security interests created under the Pledge Agreement in
favor of the Collateral Agent, as Pledgee, for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors, constitute perfected security interests in the Pledge Agreement
Collateral described in the Pledge Agreement, subject to no security interests
of any other Person (other than the Senior Lenders). No filings or recordings
are required in order to perfect (or maintain the perfection or priority of) the
security interests created in the Pledge Agreement Collateral under the Pledge
Agreement other than with respect to that portion of the Pledge Agreement
Collateral constituting a "general intangible" under the UCC.

        3.12    Properties. All Real Property having a fair market value, as
reasonably estimated by the Company, in excess of $1,000,000 that is owned by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date, and the nature
of the interest therein, is correctly set forth in Schedule 3.12. Each of the
Company and each of its Subsidiaries has good and indefeasible title to all
material properties owned by it, including all material property reflected in
the most recent historical balance sheets referred to in Section 3.05(a) (except
as sold or otherwise disposed of since the date of such balance sheet in the
ordinary course of business or as permitted by the terms of this Agreement),
free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens.

        3.13    Capitalization. On the Effective Date, the authorized capital
stock of the Company consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par
value, of which 36,020,850 shares are issued and outstanding. All outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly and validly issued and are
fully paid and non-assessable.

        3.14    Subsidiaries. On and as of the Effective Date and after giving
effect to the Transaction, the Company has no Subsidiaries other than those
Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 3.14. Schedule 3.14 correctly sets forth, as of
the Effective Date and after giving effect to the Transaction, (i) the
percentage ownership (direct and indirect) of the Company in each class of
capital stock or other Capital Stock of each of its Subsidiaries and also
identifies the direct owner thereof and (ii) the jurisdiction of organization of
each such Subsidiary. All outstanding shares of capital stock or other Capital
Stock of each Subsidiary have been duly and validly issued, are fully paid and
non-assessable and have been issued free of preemptive rights. On the Effective
Date and after giving effect to the Transaction, except as set forth on Schedule
3.14, no Subsidiary of the Company has outstanding any securities convertible
into or exchangeable for its capital stock or other Capital Stock or outstanding
any right to subscribe for or to purchase, or any options or warrants for the
purchase of, or any agreement providing for the issuance (contingent or
otherwise) of or any calls, commitments or claims of any character relating to,
its capital stock or other Capital Stock or any stock appreciation or similar
rights.

        3.15    Compliance with Statutes. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable laws, statutes, regulations
and orders of, and all applicable restrictions imposed by, all governmental
bodies, domestic or foreign, in respect of the conduct of its business, the
holding of the FCC Licenses and the other Governmental Authorizations and the
ownership of its property (including, without limitation, applicable statutes,
regulations, orders and restrictions relating to environmental standards and
controls), except such non-

                                     - 45 -
<PAGE>

compliances as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

        3.16    Investment Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is an "investment company" or a company "controlled" by an
"investment company," within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended.

        3.17    Public Utility Holdings Company Act. Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries is a "holding company," or a "subsidiary company" of a
"holding company," or an "affiliate" of a "holding company" or of a "subsidiary
company" of a "holding company" within the meaning of the Public Utility
Holdings Company Act of 1935, as amended.

        3.18    Environmental Matters. (a) The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and the
requirements of any permits issued under such Environmental Laws. There are no
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened Environmental Claims
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Real Property owned,
leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including, to the
Company's knowledge, any such claim arising out of the ownership, lease or
operation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any Real Property
formerly owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries but
no longer owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries).
There are no facts, circumstances, conditions or occurrences with respect to the
business or operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Real
Property owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(including, to the Company's knowledge, any Real Property formerly owned, leased
or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries but no longer owned,
leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any property adjoining or adjacent to any such Real
Property that could be reasonably expected (i) to form the basis of an
Environmental Claim against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Real
Property owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
(ii) to cause any Real Property owned, leased or operated by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries to be subject to any restrictions on the ownership, lease,
occupancy or transferability of such Real Property by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries under any applicable Environmental Law.

        (b)     Hazardous Materials have not at any time been generated, used,
treated or stored on, or transported to or from, or Released on or from, any
Real Property owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any property adjoining or
adjacent to any Real Property, where such generation, use, treatment, storage,
transportation or Release has violated or could be reasonably expected to
violate any applicable Environmental Law or give rise to an Environmental Claim.

        (c)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.18,
the representations and warranties made in this Section 3.18 shall be untrue
only if the effect of any or all conditions, violations, claims, restrictions,
failures and noncompliances of the types described above could, either
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

                                     - 46 -
<PAGE>

        3.19    Labor Relations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
is engaged in any unfair labor practice that could reasonably be expected,
either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.
There is (i) no unfair labor practice complaint pending against the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against
any of them, before the National Labor Relations Board, and no grievance or
arbitration proceeding arising out of or under any collective bargaining
agreement is so pending against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to
the knowledge of the Company, threatened against any of them, (ii) no strike,
labor dispute, slowdown or stoppage pending against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries and (iii) no union representation question exists
with respect to the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except
(with respect to any matter specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, either
individually or in the aggregate) such as could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

        3.20    Intellectual Property, etc. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries owns or has the right to use all the patents, trademarks, permits,
domain names, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses, franchises,
inventions, trade secrets, proprietary information and know-how of any type,
whether or not written (including, but not limited to, rights in computer
programs and databases) and formulas, or rights with respect to the foregoing,
necessary for the conduct of its business (the "Business Intellectual Property")
without any known conflict with the rights of others arising from the Company's
or its Subsidiaries' use of the Business Intellectual Property which, or the
failure to obtain which, as the case may be, could reasonably be expected,
either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

        3.21    Indebtedness. Schedule 3.21 sets forth a true and complete list
of all Indebtedness (including Contingent Obligations) of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date (excluding the Term Loans and the
Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the First-Lien Credit Agreement and the
Second-Lien Note Indenture) (the "Existing Indebtedness") which is to remain
outstanding after giving effect to the Transaction, in each case showing the
aggregate principal amount thereof and the name of the respective Company or any
of its Subsidiaries which directly or indirectly guarantees such debt.

        3.22    Insurance. Schedule 3.22 sets forth a true and complete listing
of all insurance maintained by the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the
Effective Date, with the amounts insured (and any deductibles) set forth
therein.

        3.23    Representations and Warranties in Other Documents. All
representations and warranties set forth in the other Documents were true and
correct in all material respects at the time as of which such representations
and warranties were made (or deemed made) and shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the Effective Date as if such representations or
warranties were made on and as of such date (it being understood and agreed that
any such representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified
date shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such specified
date).

                                     - 47 -
<PAGE>

        3.24    FCC Licenses and Other Governmental Authorizations.

        (a)     The Company and its Subsidiaries hold all FCC licenses,
registrations and authorizations as are necessary to the Company's and its
Subsidiaries' businesses (collectively, the "FCC Licenses"). Each of the FCC
Licenses that is material to the business of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has been validly issued and is in full force and effect. All FCC
Licenses in effect on the Effective Date and their respective expiration dates
are listed and described on Schedule 3.24. The Company has no knowledge of any
condition imposed by the FCC as part of any FCC License which is neither set
forth on the face thereof as issued by the FCC nor contained in the policies,
rules and regulations of the FCC applicable generally to business of the type,
nature, class or location of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The Company and
its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the terms and
conditions of the FCC Licenses applicable to it and with applicable policies,
rules and regulations of the FCC and the Communications Act, except to the
extent that any failure to comply would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.
No proceedings are pending or are, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
which may reasonably be expected to result in the revocation, rescission,
modification, non-renewal or suspension of any FCC License that is material to
the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the denial of any
pending applications, the issuance of any cease and desist order or the
imposition of any fines, forfeitures or other administrative actions by the FCC
with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that would, if such
proceedings were decided adversely to the Company or the Subsidiaries, have a
Material Adverse Effect. All material reports, applications, tariffs and other
documents required to be filed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as
appropriate, with the FCC have in all material respects been timely filed and
all such reports, applications, tariffs and documents are true, correct and
complete in all material respects. To the knowledge of the Company, there are no
unsatisfied or otherwise outstanding citations, complaint proceedings, notices
of liability or notices of forfeiture issued by the FCC and received by the
Company or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof with respect to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or any of their respective operations.

        (b)     In addition to the FCC Licenses issued by the FCC, the Company
and its Subsidiaries hold all material licenses, certificates, registrations and
authorizations issued by any other governmental entity (domestic and foreign)
necessary to operate their respective businesses for each line of business of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries requiring such authorization and in each
jurisdiction in which Company or any of its Subsidiaries may be deemed to be
conducting their respective businesses under applicable law (collectively, the
"Governmental Authorizations"). Each of the Governmental Authorizations has been
validly issued and is in full force and effect. The Governmental Authorizations
as of the Effective Date are listed on Schedule 3.24, with any expiration date
for any such authorization identified on Schedule 3.24, with authorizations
issued by state public service or utility commissions (or analogous state
authorities) listed on Schedule 3.24 and other Governmental Authorizations
listed on Schedule 3.24. None of the Governmental Authorizations contain any
conditions or limitations outside the normal course that would materially and
adversely restrict the operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The
Company and its Subsidiaries have been and are in compliance in all respects
with the terms and conditions of the Governmental Authorizations applicable to
them, except to the extent that any failure to comply would not result in a
Material Adverse Effect. Other than the proceedings of a general nature, no
proceedings are pending or are, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened,
and, to the Company's knowledge, no event has occurred, which may reasonably be
expected to result in the revocation, rescission, adverse

                                     - 48 -
<PAGE>

modification, non-renewal or suspension of any Governmental Authorization that
is material to the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the
denial of any pending applications therefor, the issuance of any cease and
desist order, or the imposition of any material fines, forfeitures, or other
administrative actions by a governmental entity. All material reports,
applications, tariffs and other documents required to be filed by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, as appropriate, with the governmental entity issuing a
Government Authorization have in all material respects been timely filed, and
all such reports, applications, tariffs and documents are true, correct and
complete in all material respects. To the knowledge of the Company, there are no
material unsatisfied or otherwise outstanding citations issued by any
governmental entity and received by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary
thereof with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Schedule 3.24
separately lists all pending applications for certificates or other
authorizations from any state public service or utility commission (or analogous
state authority).

        (c)     The transactions contemplated herein, under applicable law
(including the Communications Act) and the applicable policies, rules,
regulations and practices of the FCC and other governmental entities, would not
disqualify the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as an assignee or transferee
of the FCC Licenses or the Governmental Authorizations or result in the
imposition of any materially adverse condition on or modification of the FCC
Licenses or the Governmental Authorizations.

        3.25    Intercreditor Agreement. Assuming that the Intercreditor
Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the parties
thereto (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries), the Intercreditor
Agreement is enforceable against the parties thereto (and the Creditors as
defined therein) in accordance with its terms.

        3.26    Certain Agreements.

        (a)     Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to
any agreement or instrument or subject to any corporate, partnership or limited
liability company restriction, as the case may be, that, either individually or
in the aggregate, has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect.

        (b)     Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default in
any manner under any provision of any indenture or other agreement or instrument
evidencing Indebtedness, or any other material agreement or instrument to which
it is a party or by which it or any of its properties or assets are or may be
bound, if such default, either individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

        3.27    Event of Default. No event has occurred or is continuing which
constitutes, or with notice or lapse of time could constitute, an Event of
Default.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                   Conditions

        4.01    Effective Date. On the Effective Date, the following conditions
shall have been satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02):

                                     - 49 -
<PAGE>

        (a)     Term Notes. On or prior to the Effective Date; (i) Evergreen
Investments (or its counsel) shall have received from each party hereto either a
(y) counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (z) written
evidence satisfactory to the Lenders (which may include telecopy transmission of
a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a
counterpart of this Agreement; and (ii) there shall have been delivered to the
Agent for the account of each of the Lenders that has requested same the
appropriate Term Note executed by the Company in the amount, maturity and as
otherwise provided herein.

        (b)     Officer's Certificate. On the Effective Date, the Agent shall
have received from the Company a certificate, dated such date and signed on
behalf of the Company by an authorized representative of the Company, certifying
on behalf of the Company that all of the conditions in each of Sections 4.01(f),
(g), (h), (j) and (o), have been satisfied on such date.

        (c)     Opinions of Counsel. On the Effective Date, the Agent shall have
received from (i) Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, counsel to the
Company, an opinion addressed to the Agent and the Lenders and dated the
Effective Date substantially in the form of Exhibit B and (ii) Deborah M.
Royster, general counsel to the Company, an opinion addressed to each Agent and
the Lenders and dated the Effective Date substantially in the form of Exhibit C.

        (d)     First-Lien Credit Agreement. On the Effective Date, the
First-Lien Credit Agreement shall have been executed and delivered by the
parties thereto and shall be in full force and effect. The Agent shall have
received true and correct copies of all First-Lien Credit Documents, certified
as such by an Authorized Representative of the Company, the First-Lien Credit
Documents and all terms and conditions thereof (including, without limitation,
amortization, maturities, interest rates, covenants, defaults, remedies,
guaranties and guarantors) shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the
Agent and the Required Lenders, and all conditions precedent to the First-Lien
Credit Documents shall have been satisfied, and not waived unless consented to
by the Agent and the Required Lenders, to the satisfaction of the Agent and the
Required Lenders.

        (e)     Second-Lien Note Indenture. On the Effective Date, the
Second-Lien Note Indenture shall have been executed and delivered by the parties
thereto and shall be in full force and effect, and the Company shall have
received gross cash proceeds of at least $125,000,000 from the issuance of
Second-Lien Notes thereunder, the full amount of which proceeds the Company
shall utilize to make payments owing in connection with the Transaction
contemporaneously with the utilization by the Company of any proceeds of Term
Loans for such purpose. The Agent shall have received true and correct copies of
all Second-Lien Note Documents, certified as such by an Authorized
Representative of the Company, the Second-Lien Note Documents and all terms and
conditions thereof (including, without limitation, amortization, maturities,
interest rates, covenants, defaults, remedies, guaranties and guarantors) shall
be in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and the Required Lenders, and
all conditions precedent under the Second-Lien Note Documents shall have been
satisfied, and not waived unless consented to by the Agent and the Required
Lenders, to the satisfaction of the Agent and the Required Lenders.

                                     - 50 -
<PAGE>

        (f)     Adverse Change. On the Effective Date, there shall not have
occurred (and neither the Agent nor the Required Lenders shall have become aware
of any facts or conditions not previously known) which the Agent or the Required
Lenders shall determine has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a
Material Adverse Effect.

        (g)     Litigation. On the Effective Date, no litigation by any entity
(private or governmental) shall be pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened with respect to (i) the Transaction or any documentation executed in
connection therewith (including any Credit Document) or the transactions
contemplated thereby or (ii) which is, or could reasonably be expected to have,
a Material Adverse Effect.

        (h)     Fees, etc. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have paid to
the Agent and the Lenders all costs, fees and expenses (including, without
limitation, legal fees and expenses of the Agent and their affiliates incurred
prior to the Effective Date) payable to the Agent and the Lenders or otherwise
payable in respect of the Transaction to the extent then due.

        (i)     Corporate Documents; Proceedings; etc. (i) On the Effective
Date, the Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date,
signed by an authorized officer of the Company and attested to by the Secretary
or any Assistant Secretary of the Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit
G with appropriate insertions, together with copies of the certificate of
incorporation, by-laws or equivalent organizational documents of the Company,
and the resolutions of the Company authorizing the transactions referred to
herein and occurring on or prior to the Effective Date.

                (ii)    All corporate and legal proceedings and all instruments
and agreements in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall be in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and the Required Lenders, and the Agent
shall have received all information and copies of all documents and papers,
including records of corporate proceedings, governmental approvals, good
standing certificates and bring-down telegrams or facsimiles, if any, which the
Agent or the Required Lenders reasonably may have requested in connection
therewith, such documents and papers where appropriate to be certified by proper
corporate or governmental authorities.

        (j)     The Transaction, etc. (i) On or prior to the Effective Date, (i)
there shall have been delivered to the Agent true and correct copies of the
Confirmation Order (which shall be a Final Order), the Plan of Reorganization,
the Disclosure Statement and the other Plan Documents, which Confirmation Order,
Plan of Reorganization, Disclosure Statement and other Plan Documents shall be
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and the Required
Lenders and shall be in full force and effect on the Effective Date (and with
the Confirmation Order, the Plan of Reorganization and the Disclosure Statement
also to be certified by the Bankruptcy Court), (ii) there shall have been
delivered to the Agent a true and correct copy of the Notice of Plan Effective
Date, which Notice of Plan Effective Date shall be in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and the Required Lenders, shall have been
entered by the Bankruptcy Court, shall be in full force and effect and shall not
be subject to any stay, (iii) all conditions precedent to the effective date of
the Plan

                                     - 51 -
<PAGE>

of Reorganization shall have been satisfied (and not waived without the consent
of the Agent and the Required Lenders) to the reasonable satisfaction of the
Agent and the Required Lenders, (iv) the effective date of the Plan of
Reorganization shall have occurred and the Plan of Reorganization shall have
been substantially consummated, and (v) no request to revoke the Confirmation
Order shall be pending before the Bankruptcy Court.

                (ii)    On the Effective Date and prior to or concurrently with
the incurrence of the Term Loans hereunder, each element of the Transaction
shall have been consummated in accordance with the Plan of Reorganization, the
other applicable Plan Documents and all applicable laws.

                (iii)   On the Effective Date, (x) the aggregate amount of
proceeds received by the Company from the term loans incurred under the
First-Lien Credit Agreement on the Effective Date when added to the net cash
proceeds received by the Company from the issuance of the Second-Lien Notes,
shall be sufficient to make all cash payments required to be made pursuant to
the Plan of Reorganization, (y) the Company shall have at least $115,000,000 of
unrestricted cash and/or Cash Equivalents on hand after making all cash payments
required to be made pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization and (z) the Agent
shall have received evidence, in form, scope and substance reasonably
satisfactory to it, that the matters set forth above in this Section
4.01(j)(iii) have been satisfied on such date.

        (k)     Existing Indebtedness and Preferred Equity. On the Effective
Date and after giving effect to the consummation of the Transaction, the Company
and its Subsidiaries shall have no outstanding preferred equity or Indebtedness,
except for (i) Indebtedness pursuant to (or in respect of) the Credit Documents,
(ii) Indebtedness pursuant to (or in respect of) the First-Lien Credit Documents
(iii) Indebtedness pursuant to (or in respect of) the Second-Lien Note
Documents, and (iv) such other outstanding Indebtedness of the Company and its
Subsidiaries permitted pursuant to Section 6.01. On and as of the Effective
Date, all Indebtedness to remain outstanding as described in the immediately
preceding sentence shall remain outstanding after giving effect to the
Transaction and the other transactions contemplated hereby without any breach,
required repayment, required offer to purchase, default, event of default or
termination rights existing thereunder or arising as a result of the Transaction
and the other transactions contemplated hereby and there shall not be any
amendments or modifications to the documents governing any Existing Indebtedness
that are adverse to the interests of the Lenders (other than as requested or
approved by the Agent). On and as of the Effective Date, the Agent shall be
satisfied with the amount of and the terms and conditions of all Indebtedness
described above in this Section 4.01(k).

        (l)     Pledge Agreement. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have
duly authorized, executed and delivered the Pledge Agreement in the form of
Exhibit D and shall have delivered to the First-Lien Collateral Agent (as
defined in the Intercreditor Agreement), as Pledgee thereunder, all of the
Pledge Agreement Collateral, if any, referred to therein and then owned by the
Company, (i) endorsed in blank in the case of promissory notes constituting
Pledge Agreement Collateral and (ii) together with executed and undated
endorsements for transfer in the case of Capital Stock constituting certificated
Pledge Agreement Collateral, along with evidence that all other actions
necessary or, in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent or the Required
Lenders, desirable, to perfect the security interests purported to be created by
the Pledge Agreement have been taken and the Pledge Agreement shall be in full
force and effect.

                                     - 52 -
<PAGE>

        (m)     Security Agreement. On the Effective Date, the Company shall
have duly authorized, executed and delivered the Security Agreement in the form
of Exhibit E covering all of the Company's Security Agreement Collateral,
together with:

                (i)     proper financing statements (Form UCC-1 or the
    equivalent) fully executed for filing under the UCC or other appropriate
    filing offices of each jurisdiction as may be necessary or, in the
    reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders,
    desirable, to perfect the security interests purported to be created by the
    Security Agreement;

                (ii)    certified copies of requests for information or copies
    (Form UCC-11), or equivalent reports as of a recent date, listing all
    effective financing statements that name the Company or any of its
    Subsidiaries as debtor and that are filed in the jurisdictions referred to
    in clause (i) above and in such other jurisdictions in which Collateral is
    located on the Effective Date, together with copies of such other financing
    statements that name the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor (none
    of which shall cover any of the Collateral except (x) to the extent
    evidencing Permitted Liens or (y) those in respect of which the Collateral
    Agent shall have received termination statements (Form UCC-3) or such other
    termination statements as shall be required by local law fully executed for
    filing);

                (iii)   evidence of the completion of all other recordings and
    filings of, or with respect to, the Security Agreement as may be necessary
    or, in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent or the Required
    Lenders, desirable, to perfect the security interests intended to be created
    by the Security Agreement; and

                (iv)    evidence that all other actions necessary or, in the
    reasonable opinion of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders,
    desirable to perfect and protect the security interests purported to be
    created by the Security Agreement have been taken, and the Security
    Agreement shall be in full force and effect.

        (n)     Intercreditor Agreement. The Company, the Agent and the
other parties thereto shall have duly authorized, executed and delivered the
Intercreditor Agreement in the form of Exhibit H hereto, and the Intercreditor
Agreement shall be in full force and effect.

        (o)     Governmental Approvals; etc. On or prior to the Effective Date,
(A) all necessary governmental (domestic (including those of the Bankruptcy
Court) and foreign) and third party approvals in connection with the Credit
Documents and otherwise referred to herein or therein shall have been obtained
and remain in full force and effect and evidence thereof shall have been
provided to the Agent, (B) all necessary material governmental (domestic and
foreign) and third party approvals in connection with any Existing Indebtedness
which is to remain outstanding after the Effective Date and the consummation of
the Transaction shall have been obtained and remain in full force and effect and
evidence thereof shall have been provided to the Agent and (C) all applicable
waiting periods shall have expired without any action being taken by any
competent authority which restrains, prevents or imposes materially adverse
conditions upon the consummation of the Transaction, the making of the loans and
the transactions contemplated by the Documents or otherwise referred to herein
or therein. Additionally, there

                                     - 53 -
<PAGE>

shall not exist any judgment, order, injunction or other restraint issued or
filed by any Governmental Authority or a hearing seeking injunctive relief or
other restraint pending or notified prohibiting or imposing materially adverse
conditions upon, or materially delaying, or making economically unfeasible, the
consummation of the Transaction or the making of the loans or the transactions
contemplated by the Documents.

        (p)     Financial Statements; etc. (i) On or prior to the Effective
Date, the Agent and the Lenders shall have received true and correct copies of
the historical financial statements referred to in Sections 3.05(a), which
historical financial statements shall be in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Agent and the Required Lenders.

                (ii)    On or prior to the Effective Date, the Agent and the
Lenders shall have received (x) interim quarterly (and year to date)
consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries for each
fiscal quarter ended (1) after the date of the last financial statements for
such Persons previously furnished to the Agent and the Lenders pursuant to
Section 3.05(a), and (2) at least 45 days prior to the Effective Date and (y)
interim monthly consolidated financial statements of the Company and its
Subsidiaries for any calendar month ended after the date of the last quarterly
financial statements furnished pursuant to preceding clause (x) and at least 10
days prior to the Effective Date; provided that the Company shall only be
required to deliver cash and debt balances and a flash income statement for the
month ended November 30, 2004.

        (q)     Solvency Opinion; Insurance Certificates. On the Effective Date,
the Agent shall have received:

                (i)     a solvency opinion from the chief financial officer of
    the Company in the form of Exhibit I; and

                (ii)    certificates of insurance complying with the
    requirements of Section 5.05 for the business and properties of the Company
    and its Subsidiaries, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
    Agent and the Required Lenders.

Upon the occurrence of the Effective Date (as determined by the Required Lenders
and set forth in a written notice given by the Required Lenders to the Agent),
and upon receipt by the Agent of the above notice from the Required Lenders, the
Agent shall give each Lender and the Company notice that the Effective Date has
occurred (although the failure to give any such notice shall not affect any
Lender's or the Company's obligations under this Agreement).

                                    ARTICLE V

                              Affirmative Covenants

        Until the principal of and interest on each Term Loan and all fees
payable hereunder shall have been paid in full the Company covenants and agrees
with the Lenders that:

        5.01    Information Covenants. The Company will furnish to each Lender
(and to the Agent, in the case of subsections (f), (g) and (i) of this Section
5.01):

                                     - 54 -
<PAGE>

        (a)     Reserved.

        (b)     Quarterly Financial Statements. Within 45 days (or on or before
June 14, 2005, in the case of the first quarterly accounting period of the
Company in the fiscal year 2005 after the close of each of the first three
quarterly accounting periods in each fiscal year of the Company (i) the
consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of
such quarterly accounting period and the related consolidated statements of
income and retained earnings and statement of cash flows for such quarterly
accounting period and for the elapsed portion of the fiscal year ended with the
last day of such quarterly accounting period, in each case setting forth
comparative figures (to the extent possible after giving effect to changes in
the Company's accounting principles and procedures) for the corresponding
quarterly accounting period in the prior fiscal year, all of which shall be
certified by Authorized Representative of the Company that they fairly present
in all material respects in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles the financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the
dates indicated and the results of their operations for the periods indicated,
subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes, and
(ii) management's discussion and analysis of the important operational and
financial developments during such quarterly accounting period, in each case
without any material qualifications with respect thereto.

        (c)     Annual Financial Statements. Within 90 days after the close of
each fiscal year of the Company (or by April 30, 2005 in the case of the fiscal
year of the Company ending December 31, 2004), (i) the consolidated balance
sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year and
the related consolidated statements of income and retained earnings and
statement of cash flows for such fiscal year setting forth (commencing with the
Company's fiscal year ended closest to December 31, 2005) comparative figures
for the preceding fiscal year and certified by Friedman LLP or other independent
certified public accountants of recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the
Required Lenders, together with a report of such accounting firm stating that in
the course of its regular audit of the financial statements of the Company and
its Subsidiaries, which audit was conducted in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards, such accounting firm obtained no knowledge of any
Default or an Event of Default relating to financial or accounting matters which
has occurred and is continuing or, if in the opinion of such accounting firm
such a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, a
statement as to the nature thereof, and (ii) management's discussion and
analysis of the important operational and financial developments during such
fiscal year.

        (d)     Management Letters. Promptly after the Company's or any of its
Subsidiaries' receipt thereof, a copy of any "management letter" received from
its certified public accountants and management's response thereto.

        (e)     Reserved.

        (f)     Officer's Certificates. At the time of the delivery of the
financial statements provided for in Sections 5.01(b) and (c), a certificate
from the chief financial officer of the Company certifying on behalf of the
Company that, to such officer's knowledge after due inquiry, no Default or Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing or, if any Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, specifying the nature and extent thereof, which

                                     - 55 -
<PAGE>

certificate shall certify that there have been no changes to Annexes C through
F, and Annexes I through K, in each case of the Security Agreement and Annexes A
through F of the Pledge Agreement, in each case since the Effective Date or, if
later, since the date of the most recent certificate delivered pursuant to this
Section 5.01(f), or if there have been any such changes, a list in reasonable
detail of such changes, and whether the Company has otherwise taken all actions
required to be taken by them pursuant to such Security Documents in connection
with any such changes.

        (g)     Notice of Default, Litigation and Material Adverse Effect.
Promptly, and in any event within three Business Days after any officer of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries obtains knowledge thereof, notice of (i) the
occurrence of any event which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default
hereunder, or a default or event of default under any of the First-Lien Credit
Documents or Second-Lien Note Documents, (ii) the occurrence of a Collateral
Trigger Date, or the termination of discharge of obligations under any of the
First-Lien Credit Documents or Second-Lien Note Documents, (iii) any litigation
or governmental investigation or proceeding pending against the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries (x) which, either individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (y) with respect to
any Document, or (iv) any other event, change or circumstance that has had, or
could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

        (h)     Other Reports and Filings. Promptly after the filing or delivery
thereof, copies of all financial information, proxy materials and reports, if
any, which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall publicly file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto (the "SEC") or
deliver to holders (or any trustee, agent or other representative therefor) of
its material Indebtedness (including the First-Lien Credit Agreement and the
Second-Lien Note Indenture) pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing
such Indebtedness. The Company shall deliver an opinion of counsel covering the
security interests granted pursuant to the Security Documents contemporaneously
with the delivery of any similar opinion to the trustee under the Second-Lien
Note Indenture pursuant to Section 4.4 thereof so long as such an opinion is
required to be delivered pursuant to the Second-Lien Note Indenture or any
similar document.

        (i)     Other Information. From time to time, such other information or
documents (financial or otherwise) with respect to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries as the Agent or any Lender (through the Agent) may reasonably
request.

        5.02    Corporate Existence. Subject to Section 6.03, the Company shall
do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force
and effect the corporate existence, rights (charter and statutory), licenses,
permits, franchises, patents, copyrights and trademarks of the Company and each
of the Subsidiaries; provided, however, that the Company will not be required to
preserve the existence (in the case of any Subsidiary) or any such right,
license, permit, franchise, patent, copyright or trademark (in the case of the
Company or any Subsidiary) if the Board of Directors shall determine that the
preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of
the Company and the Subsidiaries as a whole or that the loss thereof would not
be reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided, further,
that the foregoing will not prohibit a sale, transfer or conveyance of a
Subsidiary of the Company or any of its assets in compliance with the terms of
this Agreement.

                                     - 56 -
<PAGE>

        5.03    Payment of Taxes and Other Claims. The Company shall pay or
discharge or cause to be paid or discharged, before the same shall become
delinquent, (a) all material Taxes, assessments and governmental charges levied
or imposed (i) upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) upon the
income, profits or property of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries and (b)
all material lawful claims for labor, materials and supplies, which, if unpaid,
could reasonably be expected to become a Lien upon the property of the Company
or any of the Subsidiaries; provided, however, that the Company will not be
required to pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged any such tax,
assessment, charge or claim (x) whose amount, applicability or validity is being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings properly instituted and
diligently conducted or (y) if the failure to so pay, discharge or cause to be
paid or discharged would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

        5.04    Maintenance of Properties. The Company will, and will cause each
of its Subsidiaries to, keep all property necessary to the business of the
Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole in good working order and
condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; provided that the foregoing covenant
shall not be violated by reason of any failures which, individually and in the
aggregate would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Affect.

        5.05    Insurance. (a) The Company will, and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries to, maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance
companies insurance on all such property and against all such risks as is
consistent and in accordance with industry practice for companies similarly
situated owning similar properties and engaged in similar businesses as the
Company and its Subsidiaries, and furnish to the Agent, upon its request
therefor, full information as to the insurance carried. The provisions of this
Section 5.05 shall be deemed supplemental to, but not duplicative of, the
provisions of any Security Documents that require the maintenance of insurance.

        (b)     From and after the date of the Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations and the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations, the Company will, and
will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, at all times keep its property insured
in favor of the Collateral Agent, and all policies or certificates (or certified
copies thereof) with respect to such insurance (and to the extent requested by
the Collateral Agent (which request shall be made at the request of the Required
Lenders)) any other insurance maintained by the Company and/or such
Subsidiaries) (i) shall be endorsed to the Collateral Agent's satisfaction for
the benefit of the Collateral Agent (including, without limitation, by naming
the Collateral Agent as loss payee and/or additional insured), (ii) shall state
that such insurance policies shall not be canceled without at least 30 days'
prior written notice thereof by the respective insurer to the Collateral Agent,
(iii) shall provide that the respective insurers irrevocably waive any and all
rights of subrogation with respect to the Collateral Agent and the other Secured
Parties, and (iv) shall be deposited with the Collateral Agent.

        (c)     From and after the date of the Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations and the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations, if the Company or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall fail to maintain insurance in accordance
with this Section 5.05, or if the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail
to so endorse and deposit all policies or certificates with respect thereto, the
Agent shall have the right (but shall be under no obligation) to procure such
insurance and

                                     - 57 -
<PAGE>

the Company agrees to reimburse the Agent for all reasonable costs and expenses
of procuring such insurance.

        (d)     The rights under this Section 5.05 are subject to the provisions
of the Intercreditor Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 5.2
thereof).

        5.06    Books and Records. The Company shall keep proper books of record
and account, in which full and correct entries will be made of all material
financial transactions and the assets and business of the Company and each
Subsidiary of the Company in material compliance with GAAP.

        5.07    Payment of Principal and Interest. The Company shall duly and
punctually pay the principal of and interest on the Term Loans in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.

        5.08    Collateral Trigger Date; Additional Subsidiaries.

        (a)     Within 10 Business Days after any Collateral Trigger Date, the
Company shall cause each Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary Credit Party (i) to
execute a guarantee substantially similar to the guarantee executed by the
Subsidiary Credit Parties in connection with the Senior Credit Agreements
pursuant to which it shall guarantee the obligations of the Company hereunder
(solely to the extent such Subsidiary has entered into a Guarantee with respect
to the Senior Credit Agreements or is a co-borrower under the Senior Credit
Agreements (in each case to the extent the Senior Credit Agreements remain
outstanding at such time)), (ii) to become a party to the Security Documents and
other Credit Documents and promptly take such actions to create and perfect
Liens on such Subsidiary's assets to secure the Obligations as the Agent or the
Required Lenders shall reasonably request (but solely to the extent such
Subsidiary has granted a Lien on its assets to secure the Senior Credit
Agreements (to the extent the Senior Credit Agreements remain outstanding at
such time)), (iii) if any Capital Stock in or Indebtedness of such Subsidiary is
owned by or on behalf of any Credit Party, the Company and the Subsidiary Credit
Parties will cause such Capital Stock and promissory notes evidencing such
Indebtedness to be pledged pursuant to the Security Documents (except that, if
such Subsidiary is a Foreign Subsidiary, shares of voting stock of such
Subsidiary to be pledged pursuant to the Pledge Agreement may be limited to 65%
of the outstanding shares of voting stock of such Subsidiary and further limited
solely to the extent such Subsidiary has granted a Lien on such Capital Stock
and promissory notes to secure the Senior Credit Agreements (to the extent the
Senior Credit Agreements remain outstanding at such time)) and (iv) deliver
legal opinions, with respect to similar matters covered in Exhibit B, to the
addresses contained in Exhibit B, including those related to the guarantees and
pledges of the Subsidiary Credit Parties in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Agent. Upon the occurrence of a Collateral Trigger Date, the
Credit Documents shall be amended to incorporate and reference the Subsidiary
Credit Parties throughout the Credit Documents, including the covenants, in each
place where the Senior Credit Agreements as of the date hereof references the
Borrowers, Subsidiary Credit Parties or Credit Parties, as applicable, and the
Company and each of the Lenders hereby authorizes and directs the Agent on its
behalf to enter into such amendment. The Company hereby agrees to cause the
Subsidiary Credit Parties to execute such Credit Documents and become parties
hereto and thereto.

                                     - 58 -
<PAGE>

        (b)     If any additional Significant Restricted Subsidiary is formed or
acquired after the Effective Date but prior to the Collateral Trigger Date, and
the Capital Stock in or Indebtedness of such Subsidiary is owned directly by the
Company and is pledged to secure the First-Lien Obligations and the Second-Lien
Obligations, the Company will notify the Agent and the Lenders thereof in
writing and will cause such Capital Stock and promissory notes evidencing such
Indebtedness to be pledged pursuant to the Security Documents when such Capital
Stock is pledged to secure the First-Lien Obligations and the Second-Lien
Obligations (except that, if such Subsidiary is a Foreign Subsidiary, shares of
voting stock of such Subsidiary to be pledged pursuant to the Pledge Agreement
may be limited to 65% of the outstanding shares of voting stock of such
Subsidiary).

        (c)     If any additional Significant Restricted Subsidiary is formed or
acquired after the Collateral Trigger Date, the Company will notify the Agent
and the Lenders thereof in writing and (a) if such Subsidiary is a Subsidiary
Credit Party, the Company will cause such Subsidiary to become a party to the
Security Documents within ten Business Days after such Restricted Subsidiary is
formed or acquired and promptly take such actions to create and perfect Liens on
such Subsidiary's assets to secure the Obligations as the Agent or the Required
Lenders shall reasonably request and (b) if any Capital Stock in or Indebtedness
of such Subsidiary is owned by or on behalf of any Credit Party, the Company
will cause such Capital Stock and promissory notes evidencing such Indebtedness
to be pledged pursuant to the Security Documents within 10 Business Days after
such Subsidiary is formed or acquired (except that, if such Subsidiary is a
Foreign Subsidiary, shares of voting stock of such Subsidiary to be pledged
pursuant to the Pledge Agreement may be limited to 65% of the outstanding shares
of voting stock of such Subsidiary).

        5.09    Future Amendments. Upon the occurrence of the Covenant
Triggering Event, this Agreement shall be amended automatically without any
further action on the part of any Person so that each of the financial covenants
listed on Annex I hereto shall become a part of Article VI of this Agreement and
the event of default listed on Annex I hereto shall become a part of Section
7.01 of this Agreement (in each case on a prospective basis only); provided that
if at the time the Covenant Triggering Event occurs, the Senior Credit
Agreements contain a financial covenant (such covenant, the "Senior financial
covenant") that measures the same financial information as one of the financial
covenants listed on Annex I (such covenant, the "Annex I financial covenant")
and the Annex I financial covenant is more restrictive to the Company than the
Senior financial covenant as adjusted to be more favorable to the Company by 15%
(such covenant, the "Adjusted Senior financial covenant"), then the Annex I
financial covenant shall be amended so that it is equal to the Adjusted Senior
financial covenant.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                               Negative Covenants

        Until the principal of and interest on each Term Loan and all fees
payable hereunder have been paid in full the Company covenants and agrees with
the Lenders that:

        6.01    Limitation on Additional Indebtedness. The Company shall not,
and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly,
create, incur, assume, issue,

                                     - 59 -
<PAGE>

guarantee or in any manner become directly or indirectly liable for or with
respect to, contingently or otherwise, the payment of (collectively to "incur")
any Indebtedness (including any Acquired Indebtedness), except for Permitted
Indebtedness; provided, that the Company and any Restricted Subsidiary will be
permitted to incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) if,
immediately after giving pro forma effect to such incurrence (including the
application of the net cash proceeds therefrom), the Consolidated Interest
Coverage Ratio for the most recent four full fiscal quarters for which internal
financial statements are available immediately preceding the date on which such
additional Indebtedness is incurred would be at least (a) 2.00:1.00 if such
Indebtedness is incurred by the Company or (b) 2.15:1.00 if such Indebtedness is
incurred by any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case determined on a pro forma
basis (including a pro forma application of the net cash proceeds therefrom), as
if the additional Indebtedness had been issued and the application of proceeds
therefrom had occurred at the beginning of such four-quarter period. The Company
and any Restricted Subsidiary shall not be entitled to incur any Indebtedness
(other than Permitted Indebtedness) under the Consolidated Interest Coverage
Ratio test in this paragraph prior to the date on which internal financial
statements for the three full fiscal quarters ended September 30, 2005 are
available.

        For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.01, in the
event that an item of Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of the
types of Indebtedness permitted in the definition of Permitted Indebtedness
permitted by this covenant, the Company in its sole discretion shall classify
(and may reclassify) such item of Indebtedness and only be required to include
the amount of such Indebtedness as one of such types. Acquired Indebtedness
shall be deemed to have been incurred at the time of the acquisition (by merger
or otherwise) of the Person or asset subject to such Acquired Indebtedness.

        6.02    Limitation on Liens. The Company shall not, and shall not permit
any Restricted Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens
of any kind against or upon any property or assets of the Company or any
Restricted Subsidiary, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any proceeds
therefrom, other than Permitted Liens.

        6.03    Fundamental Changes.

        (a)     The Company shall not, directly or indirectly, consolidate with
or merge with or into any other Person or sell, lease, convey or transfer all or
substantially all its assets, whether in a single transaction or a series of
related transactions, to any Person or group of affiliated Persons (other than
any of the foregoing involving solely the Company and a Restricted Subsidiary in
which the Company is the survivor or the purchaser) unless:

                (i)     either (i) the Company is the surviving entity or (ii)
    in case the Company shall consolidate with or merge into another Person or
    sell, lease, convey or transfer all or substantially all of its properties
    and assets, whether in a single transaction or a series of related
    transactions, to any Person, the Person formed by such consolidation or into
    which the Company is merged, or the Person which acquires by sale,
    conveyance or transfer, or which leases the properties and assets of the
    Company substantially as an entirety, shall be a corporation, limited
    liability company, partnership or trust, shall be organized and validly
    existing under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof
    or the District of Columbia and shall expressly assume the due and punctual

                                     - 60 -
<PAGE>

    payment of the principal and interest on all of the Term Loans, as
    applicable, and the performance or observance of every covenant of this
    Agreement and the Security Documents on the part of the Company to be
    performed or observed;

                (ii)    immediately after giving effect to such transaction on a
    pro forma basis (including, without limitation, any Indebtedness incurred or
    anticipated to be incurred in connection with or in respect of such
    transaction immediately after giving effect to such transaction) no Default
    or Event of Default shall have happened and be continuing; and

                (iii)   immediately after giving effect to such transaction on a
    pro forma basis (including, without limitation, any Indebtedness incurred or
    anticipated to be incurred in connection with or in respect of such
    transaction), the Company or the surviving entity (assuming such surviving
    entity's assumption of the Company's obligations under the Term Loans and
    this Agreement), as the case may be, would be able to incur $1.00 of
    Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness) under Section 6.01.

        (b)     The Company will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries to, engage in any business other than the businesses engaged in by
the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date and
reasonable extensions thereof and businesses ancillary or complementary thereto
(a "Permitted Business").

        6.04    Disposition of Proceeds of Asset Sales. The Company shall not,
and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make any Asset Sale unless
(a) the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives
consideration at the time of such Asset Sale at least equal to the Fair Market
Value of the shares or assets sold or otherwise disposed of and (b) at least 75%
of such consideration consists of cash or Cash Equivalents; provided that the
amount of any liabilities (other than Subordinated Indebtedness or Indebtedness
of a Restricted Subsidiary that would not constitute Restricted Subsidiary
Indebtedness) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets pursuant to
an agreement that unconditionally releases the Company or such Restricted
Subsidiary, as the case may be, from further liability shall be treated as cash
for purposes of this Section 6.04. The Company or the applicable Restricted
Subsidiary, as the case may be, may (i) apply the Net Cash Proceeds from any
such Asset Sale by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary within 365 days of the
receipt thereof (x) to repay an amount of Indebtedness (other than Subordinated
Indebtedness, First-Lien Obligations and Second-Lien Obligations) of the Company
in an amount not exceeding the Other Senior Debt Pro Rata Share (computed after
giving effect to any amount of Net Cash Proceeds used to repay First-Lien
Obligations and Second-Lien Obligations pursuant to clause (y) below) and elect
to permanently reduce the amount of the commitments thereunder by the amount of
the Indebtedness so repaid or (y) to repay First-Lien Obligations and/or the
Second-Lien Obligations, (ii) apply the Net Cash Proceeds from such Asset Sale
by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary to repay any Restricted Subsidiary
Indebtedness and elect to permanently reduce the commitments thereunder by the
amount of the Indebtedness so repaid or (iii) apply the Net Cash Proceeds from
any Asset Sale by the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary within 365 days
thereof, to an investment in properties and assets that will be used in a
Permitted Business (or in Capital Stock and other securities of any Person that
will become a Restricted

                                     - 61 -
<PAGE>

Subsidiary as a result of such investment to the extent such Person owns
properties and assets that will be used in a Permitted Business) of the Company
or any Restricted Subsidiary ("Replacement Assets"). Any Net Cash Proceeds from
any Asset Sale that are neither used as described in clause (i)(x) of the
preceding sentence or to repay, and permanently reduce the commitments under,
any Restricted Subsidiary Indebtedness as set forth in clause (ii) of the
preceding sentence or invested in Replacement Assets within the 365-day period
as set forth in clause (iii) shall constitute "Excess Proceeds." Any Excess
Proceeds not used as set forth in clause (i)(y) of the second proceeding
sentence shall be subject to disposition as provided in Section 2.10(c).

        Notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph, the Company and the
Restricted Subsidiaries will be permitted to consummate an Asset Sale without
complying with such paragraph to the extent (i) at least 75% of the
consideration of such Asset Sale constitutes Replacement Assets, cash or Cash
Equivalents (including obligations deemed to be cash under this covenant) and
(ii) such Asset Sale is for Fair Market Value; provided that any consideration
constituting (or deemed to constitute) cash or Cash Equivalents received by the
Company or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any Asset Sale
permitted to be consummated under this paragraph shall constitute Net Cash
Proceeds subject to the provisions of the preceding paragraph.

        6.05    Limitation on Restricted Payments. The Company shall not, and
shall not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, make, directly or
indirectly, any Restricted Payment unless:

                (i)     no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the
    time of or upon giving effect to such Restricted Payment;

                (ii)    immediately after giving effect to such Restricted
    Payment, the Company would be able to incur $1.00 of Indebtedness (other
    than Permitted Indebtedness) under Section 6.01 hereof; and

                (iii)   immediately after giving effect to such Restricted
    Payment, the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments declared or made on
    or after the Effective Date and all Designation Amounts does not exceed an
    amount equal to the sum of, without duplication, (a) 50% of the cumulative
    Consolidated Net Income accrued on a cumulative basis during the period
    beginning on the first day of the first fiscal quarter commencing after the
    Effective Date (being January 1, 2005) and ending on the last day of the
    fiscal quarter of the Company immediately preceding the date of such
    proposed Restricted Payment (or, if such cumulative Consolidated Net Income
    for such period is a deficit, minus 100% of such deficit), plus (b) the
    aggregate net cash proceeds received by the Company from the issue or sale
    (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company) of its Capital Stock
    (other than Disqualified Stock) after the Effective Date (including, without
    duplication, upon exercise of warrants, options or rights), plus (c) the
    aggregate net cash proceeds received by the Company from the issuance (other
    than to a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company) after the Effective Date of
    its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) upon the conversion of, or
    exchange for, Indebtedness of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, plus
    (d) in the case of the disposition or repayment

                                     - 62 -
<PAGE>

    of any Investment constituting a Restricted Payment (other than an
    Investment made pursuant to clause (d), (e) or (f) of the following
    paragraph) made after the Effective Date, an amount equal to the lesser of
    the return of capital with respect to such Investment and the cost of such
    Investment, in either case, less the cost of the disposition of such
    Investment to the extent such cost is in excess of any gain in respect of
    the disposition, plus (e) in the case of any Revocation of the Designation
    of a Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, an amount equal to the
    consolidated net Investment in such Subsidiary on the date of Revocation but
    not in an amount exceeding the net amount of any Investments constituting
    Restricted Payments made (or deemed made) in such Subsidiary after the
    Effective Date. For purposes of the preceding clauses (b) and (c) and
    without duplication, the value of the aggregate net cash proceeds received
    by the Company upon the issuance of Capital Stock either upon the conversion
    of convertible Indebtedness or in exchange for outstanding Indebtedness or
    upon the exercise of options, warrants or rights will be the net cash
    proceeds received upon the issuance of such Indebtedness, options, warrants
    or rights plus the incremental amount received by the Company upon the
    conversion, exchange or exercise thereof.

        For purposes of determining the amount expended for Restricted Payments,
cash distributed shall be valued at the face amount thereof and property other
than cash shall be valued at its Fair Market Value.

        The provisions of this Section 6.05 shall not prohibit (each of which
shall be given independent effect):

        (a)     the payment of any dividend or other distribution within 60 days
after the date of declaration thereof, if at such date of declaration such
payment would comply with the provisions of this Agreement;

        (b)     so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the
purchase, redemption, retirement or other acquisition of any shares of Capital
Stock of the Company (A) in exchange for or conversion into or (B) out of the
net cash proceeds of the substantially concurrent issue and sale (other than to
a Restricted Subsidiary) of shares of Capital Stock of the Company (other than
Disqualified Stock); provided that any such net cash proceeds pursuant to the
immediately preceding subclause (B) are excluded from clause (iii)(b) of the
preceding paragraph;

        (c)     so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the
purchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value of
Subordinated Indebtedness made by exchange for (including any such exchange
pursuant to the exercise of a conversion right or privilege in which cash is
paid in lieu of fractional shares or scrip), or out of the net cash proceeds of,
a substantially concurrent issue or sale (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary)
of (A) Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company; provided
that any such net cash proceeds, to the extent so used, are excluded from clause
(iii)(b) of the preceding paragraph, and/or (B) other Subordinated Indebtedness,
having an Average Life to Stated Maturity that is equal to or greater than the
Average Life to Stated Maturity of the Subordinated Indebtedness being
purchased, redeemed, defeased or otherwise acquired or retired;

                                     - 63 -
<PAGE>

        (d)     so long as no Special Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, Investments constituting a Restricted Payment made by the Company or
any Restricted Subsidiary in any Person (including any Unrestricted Subsidiary)
in an amount not to exceed $15,000,000 million;

        (e)     so long as no Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the
making of a direct or indirect Investment constituting a Restricted Payment out
of the proceeds of the issue or sale (other than to a Subsidiary) of Capital
Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company; provided that any such net
cash proceeds are excluded from clause (iii)(b) of the preceding paragraph;

        (f)     so long as no Default or Event of Default exists at the time of
the respective Restricted Payment or would exist immediately after giving effect
thereto, Restricted Payments by the Company consisting of a redemption or
repurchase of Capital Stock of the Company from officers, employees and
directors of the Company or its Subsidiaries (or their estates) after the death,
disability, retirement or termination of employment or service as a director of
any such Person, or otherwise in accordance with any stock option plan or any
employee stock ownership plan that has been approved by the Board of Directors
of the Company; provided that the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made
by the Company pursuant to this clause (f), and the aggregate amount paid shall
not (net of any proceeds received by the Company from issuances of its Capital
Stock and contributed to the Company in connection with such redemption or
repurchase) exceed either (x) during any fiscal year of the Company, $10,500,000
or (y) for all periods after the Effective Date (taken as a single period),
$12,500,000; or

        (g)     distributions or payments by a Subsidiary to its direct or
indirect parent to enable such parent to pay taxes.

        Restricted Payments of the type set forth in the preceding clause (d)
and (f) shall be included in making the determination of available amounts under
clause (iii) of the preceding paragraph to the extent they are outstanding.

        In no event shall a Restricted Payment made on the basis of consolidated
financial statements prepared in good faith in accordance with GAAP be subject
to rescission or constitute a Default by reason of any requisite subsequent
restatement of such financial statements which would have made such Restricted
Payment prohibited at the time that it was made.

        6.06    Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates. The Company shall
not, and shall not permit, cause or suffer any Restricted Subsidiary to, conduct
any business or enter into any transaction (or series of related transactions
which are similar or part of a common plan) with or for the benefit of any of
their respective Affiliates or any beneficial holder of 10% or more of the
Common Stock of the Company or any officer or director of the Company (each, an
"Affiliate Transaction"), unless the terms of the Affiliate Transaction are set
forth in writing, and are fair and reasonable to the Company or such Restricted
Subsidiary, as the case may be. Each Affiliate Transaction involving aggregate
payments or other Fair Market Value in excess of $5,000,000 must be approved by
a majority of the Disinterested Directors or by the Board of Directors, such
approval to be evidenced by a Board Resolution stating that the Board of

                                     - 64 -
<PAGE>

Directors has determined that such transaction or transactions comply with the
foregoing provisions provided that, in lieu of such approval by the
Disinterested Directors, the Company may obtain a written opinion from an
Independent Financial Advisor stating that the terms of such Affiliate
Transaction to the Company or the Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, are
fair from a financial point of view. In addition to the foregoing, the Company
shall obtain, with respect to each Affiliate Transaction involving aggregate
consideration of $25,000,000 a written opinion from an Independent Financial
Advisor stating that the terms of such Affiliate Transaction to the Company or
the Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, are fair from a financial point
of view. For purposes of this covenant but without limiting the requirements of
the two preceding sentences, when any Affiliate Transaction approved by a
majority of the Disinterested Directors or as to which a written opinion has
been obtained from an Independent Financial Advisor, on the basis set forth in
the preceding sentences, such Affiliate Transaction shall be deemed to be on
terms that are fair and reasonable to the Company and the Restricted
Subsidiaries, as the case may be, and therefore shall be permitted under this
covenant.

        Notwithstanding the foregoing, the restrictions set forth in this
covenant shall not apply to (i) transactions with or among, or solely for the
benefit of, the Company and/or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, (ii)
transactions under the First-Lien Credit Documents (as defined in the
Intercreditor Agreement) or the Second-Lien Note Documents (as defined in the
Intercreditor Agreement), (iii) dividends paid by the Company pursuant to and in
compliance with this Section 6.06, (iv) customary directors' fees,
indemnification and similar arrangements, consulting fees, employee salaries
bonuses, employment agreements and arrangements, compensation or employee
benefit arrangements or legal fees, (v) grants of customary registration rights
with respect to securities of the Company, and (vi) Restricted Payments
permitted under Section 6.04 provided that any Investments and purchases
constituting Restricted Payments must be fair and reasonable to the Company or
such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be.

        6.07    Limitation on Issuances and Sales of Preferred Stock by
Restricted Subsidiaries. The Company (i) shall not permit any Restricted
Subsidiary to issue any Preferred Stock (other than to the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary) and (ii) shall not permit any Person (other than the
Company or a Restricted Subsidiary) to own any Preferred Stock of any Restricted
Subsidiary.

        6.08    Limitation on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting
Restricted Subsidiaries. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any
Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create or otherwise enter into
or cause to become effective any consensual encumbrance or consensual
restriction of any kind on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to (a) pay
dividends, in cash or otherwise, or make any other distributions on its Capital
Stock or any other interest or participation in, or measured by, its profits to
the extent owned by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, (b) pay any
Indebtedness owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, (c) make any
Investment in the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary or (d) transfer any
of its properties or assets to the Company or to any Restricted Subsidiary,
except for (i) any encumbrance or restriction in existence on the Effective Date
and set forth on Schedule 6.08, (ii) any encumbrance or restriction set forth in
any First-Lien Credit Document, any Second-Lien Note Document and any other
Indebtedness of the type described in clauses, (ii) or (vii) of the definition
of the term "Indebtedness" so long as such

                                     - 65 -
<PAGE>

encumbrances and restrictions are not materially less favorable to the Holders
than those under the First-Lien Credit Documents, (iii) customary non-assignment
provisions, (iv) any encumbrance or restriction pertaining to an asset subject
to a Lien to the extent set forth in the security documentation governing such
Lien, (v) any encumbrance or restriction applicable to a Restricted Subsidiary
at the time that it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary that is not created in
contemplation thereof, (vi) any encumbrance or restriction existing under any
agreement that refinances or replaces an agreement containing a restriction
permitted by clause (iv) above; provided that the terms and conditions of any
such encumbrance or restriction are not materially less favorable to the Holders
than those under or pursuant to the agreement being replaced or the agreement
evidencing the Indebtedness refinanced, (vii) any encumbrance or restriction
imposed upon a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement which has been
entered into for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the
Capital Stock or assets of such Restricted Subsidiary or any Asset Sale to the
extent limited to the Capital Stock or assets in question, and (viii) any
customary encumbrance or restriction applicable to a Restricted Subsidiary that
is contained in an agreement or instrument governing or relating to Indebtedness
permitted to be incurred by one or more Restricted Subsidiaries hereunder;
provided that (subject to customary net worth, leverage, invested capital and
other financial covenants) the provisions of such agreement permit the payment
of interest and principal and mandatory repurchases pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement and other indebtedness that is solely an obligation of the
Company; provided further that such agreement may contain customary covenants
regarding the merger of or sale of all or any substantial part of the assets of
the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary, customary restrictions on transactions
with affiliates, and customary subordination provisions governing indebtedness
owed to the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary.

        6.09    Designation of Unrestricted Subsidiaries. The Company shall not
designate any Subsidiary of the Company (other than a newly created Subsidiary
in which no Investment has previously been made) as an "Unrestricted Subsidiary"
under this Agreement (a "Designation") unless:

        (a)     no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of
or after giving effect to such Designation;

        (b)     the Company would be able to incur $1.00 of Indebtedness (other
than Permitted Indebtedness) under Section 6.01; and

        (c)     the Company would not be prohibited under this Agreement from
making an Investment at the time of Designation (assuming the effectiveness of
such Designation) in an amount (the "Designation Amount") equal to the Fair
Market Value of the net Investment of the Company or any other Restricted
Subsidiary in such Restricted Subsidiary on such date.

        In the event of any such Designation, the Company shall be deemed to
have made an Investment constituting a Restricted Payment pursuant to Section
6.05 hereof for all purposes of this Agreement in the Designation Amount.
Neither the Company nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall at any time (x) provide
a guarantee of, or similar credit support to, any Indebtedness of any
Unrestricted Subsidiary (including any undertaking, agreement or instrument
evidencing such Indebtedness); provided that the Company may pledge Capital
Stock or Indebtedness of any Unrestricted Subsidiary on a nonrecourse basis such
that the pledgee has

                                     - 66 -
<PAGE>

no claim whatsoever against the Company other than to obtain such pledged
property, (y) be directly or indirectly liable for any Indebtedness of any
Unrestricted Subsidiary or (z) be directly or indirectly liable for any other
Indebtedness which provides that the holder thereof may (upon notice, lapse of
time or both) declare a default thereon (or cause the payment thereof to be
accelerated or payable prior to its final scheduled maturity) upon the
occurrence of a default with respect to any other Indebtedness that is
Indebtedness of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, including any corresponding right to
take enforcement action against such Unrestricted Subsidiary, except in the case
of clause (x) or (y) to the extent permitted under Section 6.05 and Section 6.06
hereof.

        The Company will not revoke any Designation of a Subsidiary as an
Unrestricted Subsidiary (a "Revocation") unless:

        (a)     no Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of
and after giving effect to such Revocation; and

        (b)     all Liens and Indebtedness of such Unrestricted Subsidiary
outstanding immediately following such Revocation would, if incurred at such
time, have been permitted to be incurred for all purposes of this Agreement.

        All Designations and Revocations must be evidenced by Board Resolutions
delivered to the Agent certifying compliance with the foregoing provisions.

        6.10    Limitations on Layering. Notwithstanding the provisions of
Section 6.01, the Company shall not incur any Indebtedness that is subordinate
or junior in lien priority to the Indebtedness evidenced by the Senior Credit
Agreements and senior in lien priority to any Indebtedness arising under this
Agreement.

        6.11    Trigger Dates. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any
Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into, or amend or otherwise modify, any
agreement relating to Indebtedness that would have the effect of restricting or
otherwise limiting the ability of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary to
perform its obligations under Section 5.08 on the Collateral Trigger Date or
Section 5.09 on the Covenant Trigger Date; provided that this Section 6.11 shall
not apply to (i) any First-Lien Credit Agreement or any other First-Lien Credit
Document or any amendment, modification or supplement thereof, or any
transaction effected in accordance with the terms thereof or (ii) any
Second-Lien Note Indenture or any other Second-Lien Note Document or any
amendment, modification or supplement thereof, or any transaction effected in
accordance with the terms thereof.

                                  ARTICLE VII

                    Events of Default; Limitation on Remedies

        7.01    Events of Default. "Event of Default," wherever used herein,
means any one of the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of
Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by
operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or
any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):

                                     - 67 -
<PAGE>

        (a)     Default in the payment of interest on any Term Loan when it
becomes due and payable and continuance of such Default for a period of fifteen
(15) Business Days or more; or

        (b)     Default in the payment of the principal of any Term Loan when
due; or

        (c)     Default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant described
under Section 6.03 or Section 6.04; or

        (d)     Default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant in this
Agreement (other than Defaults specified elsewhere in this Section 7.01) or the
other Credit Documents, and continuance of such default or breach for a period
of forty-five (45) days or more after written notice is given to the Company by
the Agent (at the request of the Required Lenders) specifying such default or
breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a "Notice
of Default" hereunder; or

        (e)     failure to perform any term, covenant, condition or provision of
one or more classes or issues of Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount
outstanding of $25,000,000 or more under which the Company or a Significant
Restricted Subsidiary is obligated, and either (a) such Indebtedness is already
due and payable in full or (b) such failure results in the acceleration of the
maturity of such Indebtedness; or

        (f)     one or more non-appealable judgments, orders or decrees for the
payment of money of $25,000,000 or more, either individually or in the
aggregate, shall be entered into against the Company or any Significant
Restricted Subsidiary or any of their respective properties that is not paid or
fully covered by a reputable and solvent insurance company and shall not be
discharged and there shall have been a period of sixty (60) days or more during
which a stay of enforcement of such judgment or order, by reason of pending
appeal or otherwise, shall not be in effect; or

        (g)     the Company or any of its Significant Restricted Subsidiaries
shall commence a voluntary case concerning itself under Title 11 of the
Bankruptcy Code; or an involuntary case is commenced against the Company or any
of its Significant Restricted Subsidiaries, and the petition is not controverted
within ten (10) days, or is not dismissed within sixty (60) days, after
commencement of the case; or a custodian (as defined in the Bankruptcy Code) is
appointed for, or takes charge of, all or substantially all of the property of
the Company or any of its Significant Restricted Subsidiaries, or the Company or
any of its Significant Restricted Subsidiaries commences any other proceeding
under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors,
dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction
whether now or hereafter in effect relating to the Company or any of its
Significant Restricted Subsidiaries, or there is commenced against the Company
or any of its Significant Restricted Subsidiaries any such proceeding which
remains undismissed for a period of sixty (60) days, or the Company or any of
its Significant Restricted Subsidiaries is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or
any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is
entered; or the Company or any of its Significant Restricted Subsidiaries
suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial
part of its property to continue undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty
(60) days; or the Company or any of its

                                     - 68 -
<PAGE>

Significant Restricted Subsidiaries makes a general assignment for the benefit
of creditors; or any corporate, limited liability company or similar action is
taken by the Company or any of its Significant Restricted Subsidiaries for the
purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;

        (h)     the representations or warranties made by the Company herein or
in the Credit Documents shall be false or misleading in any material respect at
the time made and the same shall be reasonably likely to adversely affect either
(i) the ability of the Company to make payments required hereunder or the other
Credit Documents when due or (ii) the validity or enforceability of any Credit
Document or the rights or remedies of the Lenders or the Agent or Collateral
Agent hereunder or under any other Credit Document; or

        (i)     unless all the Collateral has been released from the Third
Priority Liens in accordance with the provisions of the Security Documents,
default by the Company or any Credit Party in the performance of the Security
Documents, or the occurrence of any event, which adversely affects the
enforceability, validity, perfection or priority of the Third Priority Liens on
a material portion of the Collateral granted to the Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Agent and the Lenders, the repudiation or disaffirmation by the
Company or any Credit Party of any of its material obligations under the
Security Documents or the determination in a judicial proceeding that the
Security Documents are unenforceable or invalid against the Company or any
Credit Party for any reason with respect to a material portion of the Collateral
(which default, repudiation, disaffirmation or determination is not rescinded,
stayed or waived by the Persons having such authority pursuant to the Security
Documents or otherwise cured within thirty (30) days or more after written
notice is given to the Company by the Agent (at the request of the Required
Lenders) specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and
stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" hereunder when such notice is
deemed received in accordance with this Agreement;

        (j)     a Change of Control shall occur;

then, and in each and every such case (other than an Event of Default specified
in Section 7.01(g) with respect to the Company), so long as the respective Event
of Default has occurred and is continuing, unless the principal of all of the
Term Loans shall have already become due and payable, and unless the Event of
Default shall have been waived in writing in accordance with the provisions of
Section 9.02, the Agent shall, at the discretion of the Required Lenders, by
notice in writing to the Company, declare the principal of all the Term Loans
and the interest accrued thereon to be due and payable immediately, and upon any
such declaration the same shall become and shall be immediately due and payable,
anything in this Agreement or in the Notes contained to the contrary
notwithstanding. If an Event of Default specified in Section 7.01(g) occurs and
is continuing with respect to the Company, the principal of all the Term Loans
and the interest accrued thereon shall be immediately due and payable.
Notwithstanding the foregoing if, at any time after the principal of the Term
Loans shall have been so declared due and payable, and before any judgment or
decree for the payment of the monies due shall have been obtained or entered as
hereinafter provided, the Company shall pay or shall deposit with the Agent a
sum sufficient to pay all matured installments of interest upon all Term Loans
and the principal of any and all Term Loans which shall have become due
otherwise than by acceleration (with interest on overdue installments of
interest (to the extent that payment of such interest is enforceable under
applicable law) and on such principal at the rate borne by the Term

                                     - 69 -
<PAGE>

Loans, to the date of such payment or deposit), and if any and all Defaults
under this Agreement, other than the nonpayment of principal and accrued
interest on Term Loans which shall have become due by acceleration, shall have
been cured or waived pursuant to Section 9.02, then and in every such case the
Required Lenders, by written notice to the Company and to the Agent, may waive
all Defaults or Events of Default and rescind and annul such acceleration and
its consequences; but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to
or shall affect any subsequent Default or Event of Default, or shall impair any
right consequent thereon.

        In case the Agent shall have proceeded to enforce any right under this
Agreement and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or abandoned because
of such waiver or rescission and annulment or for any other reason or shall have
been determined adversely to the Agent, then and in every such case the Company,
the Lenders, and the Agent shall be restored respectively to their several
positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and powers of the
Company, the Lenders, and the Agent shall continue as though no such proceeding
had been instituted.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                    The Agent

        Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints the Agent as its
administrative agent and collateral agent and authorizes the Agent to take such
actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Agent
by the terms of the Credit Documents, together with such actions and powers as
are reasonably incidental thereto. All references to the Agent in this Article
VIII shall be deemed to include both the Agent and the Collateral Agent, as the
context so requires.

        The financial institution serving as the Agent hereunder and under the
other Credit Documents shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as
a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the
Agent, and such financial institution and its Affiliates may accept deposits
from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with the
Company or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Agent
hereunder.

        The Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those
expressly set forth in the Credit Documents. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, (a) the Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other
implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is
continuing, (b) the Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary
action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and
powers expressly contemplated by the Credit Documents that the Agent is
required to exercise in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number
or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as
provided in Section 9.02), and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Credit
Documents, the Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be
liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company or
any of the Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the financial
institution serving as Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The
Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the
consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or
percentage of the

                                     - 70 -
<PAGE>

Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section
9.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or wilful misconduct. The
Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default unless and until
written notice thereof is given to the Agent by the Company or a Lender, and
the Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or
inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in
connection with any Credit Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate,
report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection therewith,
(iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or
other terms or conditions set forth in any Credit Document, (iv) the validity,
enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Credit Document or any
other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any
condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Credit Document, other
than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the
Agent.

        The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any
liability for relying upon, any notice, request, direction, certificate,
consent, statement, instrument, document, opinion, report, order or other
writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the
proper Person; and the Agent shall not be bound to make any investigation into
the facts or matters stated in any such document, but the Agent, in its
discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or
matters as it may see fit. The Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it
orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and
shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Agent may consult with
legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and
other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or
not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants
or experts. Whenever in the administration of this Agreement the Agent shall
deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking,
suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Agent (unless other evidence be
herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of bad faith on its part,
rely upon an officer's certificate relating thereto. The Agent may refuse to
perform any duty or exercise any right or power unless it receives indemnity
satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense. The Agent shall not
be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by an officer thereof,
unless it is proved that the Agent was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent
facts.

        The Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and
powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Agent. The
Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its
rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory
provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to
the Related Parties of each Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to
their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit
facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Agent.

        Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Agent as
provided in this paragraph, the Agent may resign at any time by notifying the
Lenders and the Company in writing. Upon any such resignation, the Required
Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Company (which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and shall not be required if a
Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing) in
consultation with the Company, to appoint a successor. If no successor shall
have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such
appointment within 30 days

                                     - 71 -
<PAGE>

after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring
Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent approved by the
Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and shall
not be required if a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing) which shall be a financial institution with an office in New York,
New York, or an Affiliate of any such financial institution. Upon the acceptance
of its appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall
succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties
of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its
duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Company to a successor
Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise
agreed between the Company and such successor. After the Agent's resignation
hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in
effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their
respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be
taken by any of them while it was acting as Agent. Any successor to the Agent
must be a "United States person," as defined in section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

        Each Lender (other than Evergreen Investments solely with respect to the
Company) acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the
Company, the Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and
information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and
decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender (other than Evergreen
Investments solely with respect to the Company) also acknowledges that it will,
independently and without reliance upon the Company, the Agent or any other
Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time
deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking
action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Credit Document or related
agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

        In connection with the performance of its duties under the Intercreditor
Agreement, the Agent shall be entitled to the benefits of this Article VIII.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                  Miscellaneous

        9.01    Notices. Except in the case of notices and other communications
expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other
communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by
hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or
sent by telecopy, as follows:

        (a)     if to the Company at RCN Corporation, 105 Carnegie Center,
Princeton, New Jersey 08540, telecopy: (609) 734-3823, Attention of Chief
Financial Officer;

        (b)     if to the Agent to HSBC Bank USA, National Association, Issuer
Services, 452 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10018 (delivery address: 10 East
40th Street, 14th Floor, New York, New York 10018, Attention: Frank J. Godino,
Telephone No. (212) 525-1316, Facsimile No. (212) 525-1300);

                                     - 72 -
<PAGE>

        (c)     if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy
number) set forth on the signature pages hereto or in the applicable Assignment
and Acceptance.

Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other
communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All notices and
other communications given to any party hereto in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given on the date of delivery.
Each Company hereby irrevocably authorizes and appoints the Company as its agent
to give and receive any notices on its behalf under this Agreement and each
other Credit Document, and any such notice given or received by the Company on
behalf of any Company shall be fully effective as if given or received by such
Company at such time, regardless of such Company's actual knowledge thereof.

        9.02    Waivers; Amendments.

        (a)     No failure or delay by the Agent or any Lender in exercising any
right or power hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall operate as a
waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or
power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or
power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Agent and the Lenders
hereunder and under the other Credit Documents are cumulative and are not
exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of
any provision of any Credit Document or consent to any departure by the Company
therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by
paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be
effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Term Loan
shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the
Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the
time.

        (b)     Neither this Agreement nor any other Credit Document nor any
provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except, in the
case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing
entered into by the Company and the Required Lenders or, in the case of any
other Credit Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered
into by the Agent and the Company, in each case with the consent of the Required
Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (i) reduce the principal amount
of any Term Loan or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees
payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby,
(ii) postpone the maturity of any Term Loan, or any scheduled date of payment of
the principal amount of any Term Loan under Section 2.09, or any date for the
payment of any interest or fees payable hereunder, without the written consent
of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.18(b) or (c) in a manner
that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the
written consent of each Lender, (v) change any of the provisions of this Section
or the percentage set forth in the definition of "Required Lenders" or any other
provision of any Credit Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders
required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any
determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of
each Lender,(vi) release any Credit Party from any of its obligations under any
Credit Document or limit its liability thereunder or release all or
substantially all of the Collateral from the Liens of the Security Documents (in
each case other than to the extent such Credit Party or Collateral has

                                     - 73 -
<PAGE>

been released under the Senior Credit Agreements), without the written consent
of each Lender or (vii) amend or modify Section 2.10(a); provided, further that
(A) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or
duties of the Agent without the prior written consent of the Agent, (B) no such
agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the terms and provisions of
Section 9.13(b) of this Agreement without the prior written consent of DBCI (or
any successor agent), in its capacity as agent for the lenders under the
First-Lien Credit Agreement, (C) this Agreement may be amended pursuant to
Section 2.01(b) to add Lenders as provided therein with the consent of the
Company and the relevant Lenders provided that such amendment does not have an
adverse effect on the existing Lenders, (D) no such agreement shall amend or
consent to any assignment by the Company pursuant to Section 9.04 hereof without
each Lender's consent and (E) this Agreement may be amended pursuant to 5.12(a)
to incorporate the Subsidiary Credit Parties with the consent of the Agent or
the Required Lenders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any provision of this
Agreement may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by the Company,
the Required Lenders and the Agent if at the time such amendment becomes
effective, each Lender not consenting thereto receives payment in full of the
principal of and interest accrued on each Term Loan made by it and all other
amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement, in each
case in accordance with the terms hereof.

        9.03    Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.

        (a)     The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by the Agent, the Lenders and their Affiliates, including the
reasonable out-of-pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel and
financial advisors for the Agent and the Lenders, in connection with any
amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions thereof (whether or not
the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (ii)
upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, all
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agent or any Lender, including the fees,
charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Agent or any Lender, in
connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with
the Credit Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection
with the Term Loans made hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses
incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such
Term Loans.

        (b)     The Company shall indemnify the Agent and each Lender, and each
Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an
"Indemnitee") against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees,
charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or
asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a
result of any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or
proceeding relating to (i) the execution or delivery of any Credit Document or
any other agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the
parties to the Credit Documents of their respective obligations thereunder or
the consummation of the Transaction or any other transactions contemplated
hereby, (ii) any Term Loan or the use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any
actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any
property currently or formerly owned or operated by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, whether such claim, litigation, investigation or
proceeding is based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of

                                     - 74 -
<PAGE>

whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall
not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims,
damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross
negligence or wilful misconduct of such Indemnitee.

        (c)     To the extent that the Company fails to pay any amount required
to be paid by it to the Agent under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section each
Lender severally agrees to pay to the Agent such Lender's pro rata share
(determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity
payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense
or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case
may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Agent in its capacity as such
and the Agent shall be entitled to deduct amounts owing to it under Sections
9.03(a) and (b) from all property and funds held or collected by the Agent as
such, prior to making payments to the Lenders thereon (and the Lenders agree
that the Agent shall be entitled to receipt of any such amounts prior to payment
to the Lenders of amounts owed to them). For purposes hereof, a Lender's "pro
rata share" shall be determined based upon its share of the sum of the
outstanding Term Loans at the time.

        (d)     To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall not
assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory
of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as
opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a
result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby,
any Term Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof.

        (e)     All amounts due under this Section shall be payable promptly
after written demand therefor.

        9.04    Successors and Assigns.

        (a)     The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns
permitted hereby, except that the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer
any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of
each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Company without
such consent shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or
implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties
hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby and, to the
extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Agent
and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by
reason of this Agreement. If the Agent consolidates, merges or converts into, or
transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another
corporation, the successor corporation without any further act shall be the
successor Agent.

        (b)     Any Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or a portion
of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion
of the Term Loans at the time owing to it); provided that (i) except in the case
of an assignment to an existing Lender, the Company must give its prior written
consent to such assignment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed); provided that the consent of the Company shall not be

                                     - 75 -
<PAGE>

required for any assignment that occurs at any time when an Event of Default
pursuant to paragraphs (h) and (i) of Article VII hereof shall have occurred and
be continuing, (ii) except in the case of an assignment to an existing Lender or
an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender's Term
Loans, the amount of the Term Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such
assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect
to such assignment is delivered to the Agent) shall not be less than $1,000,000
unless the Company otherwise consents, (iii) each partial assignment shall be
made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's
rights and obligations under this Agreement and (iv) the parties to each
assignment shall execute and deliver to the Agent an Assignment and Acceptance,
together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500. Subject to acceptance
and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section, from and after
the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance the assignee
thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned
by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender
under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent
of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its
obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and
Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under
this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue
to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment
or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does
not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement
as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in
accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section.

        (c)     The Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of the Company,
shall maintain at its Issuer Services office in The City of New York a copy of
each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the
recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and principal amount of,
and stated interest on, the Term Loans of each Lender pursuant to the terms
hereof from time to time (the "Register"). The entries in the Register shall be
conclusive, and the Company, the Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person
whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender
hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the
contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company and any
Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior
notice.

        (d)     Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance
executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the processing and recordation
fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such
assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Agent shall accept
such Assignment and Acceptance and record the information contained therein in
the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement
unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.

        (e)     Any Lender may, without the consent of the Company or the Agent,
sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a "Participant") in
all or a portion of such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement
(including all or a portion of the Term Loans owing to it); provided that (i)
such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such
Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for

                                     - 76 -
<PAGE>

the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Company, the Agent and the
other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in
connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any
agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation
shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce the Credit
Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision
of the Credit Documents; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide
that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any
amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section
9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (f) of this Section,
the Company agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of
Sections 2.15 and 2.17 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had
acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section.
To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the
benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant
agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) as though it were a Lender.

        (f)     A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater
payment under Section 2.15 or 2.17 than the applicable Lender would have been
entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant,
unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the
Company's prior written consent referring to Section 2.17. A Participant that
would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the
benefits of Section 2.17 unless the Company is notified of the participation
sold to such Participant and such Participant complies, for the benefit of the
Company, with Section 2.17(e) as though it were a Lender.

        (g)     Without notice to or consent from the Agent or the Company, any
Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any
portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender,
including, without limitation, any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to
a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or
assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of
a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder
or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

        9.05    Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and
warranties made by the Company in the Credit Documents and in the certificates
or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement
or any other Credit Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the
other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Credit
Documents and the making of any Term Loans, regardless of any investigation made
by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Agent or
any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect
representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and
shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any
accrued interest on any Term Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under
this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.17
and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect
regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the
repayment of the Term Loans or the termination of this Agreement or any
provision hereof.

        9.06    Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be
executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different
counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when
taken together shall constitute a single

                                     - 77 -
<PAGE>

contract. This Agreement, the other Credit Documents and any separate letter
agreements with respect to fees payable to the Agent constitute the entire
contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede
any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to
the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement
shall become effective when it shall have been executed by all parties hereto
and when the Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken
together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and
thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart
of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.

        9.07    Severability. Any provision of this Agreement held to be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of
the remaining provisions hereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in
a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other
jurisdiction.

        9.08    Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at
any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set
off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand,
provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing
by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Company
against any of and all the obligations of the Company now or hereafter existing
under this Agreement held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such
Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such
deposits may be unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in
addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which
such Lender may have.

        9.09    Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process.

        (a)     This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and
governed by the law of the State of New York.

        (b)     The Company hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for
itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States
District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court
from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any
Credit Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of
the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims
in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such
New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each
of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or
proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by
suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this
Agreement or any other Credit Document shall affect any right that the Agent or
any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this
Agreement or any other Credit Document against the Company or its properties in
the courts of any jurisdiction.

                                     - 78 -
<PAGE>

        (c)     The Company hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to
the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it
may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Credit
Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the
parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or
proceeding in any such court.

        (d)     Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of
process by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested. Nothing in
this Agreement or any other Credit Document will affect the right of any party
to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

        9.10    WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS
REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE
EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES
THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS
AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION.

        9.11    Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents
used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this
Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into
consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

        9.12    Confidentiality. Each of the Agent and the Lenders agrees to
maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that
Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates' and its Related
Funds' directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal
counsel and other advisors (other than securities analysts) or to any direct or
indirect contractual counterparty in swap agreements or such contractual
counterparty's professional advisors (so long as such contractual counterparty
or professional advisor to such contractual counterparty agrees in writing to be
bound by the provisions of this Section 9.12) (it being understood that the
Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential
nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information
confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority, (c) to
the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or
similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in
connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or
proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Credit Document or the
enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) provided that such assignee
or Participant, or such prospective assignee or Participant agrees in writing to
be bound by the confidentiality provisions of this Section 9.12, to any assignee
of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in,

                                     - 79 -
<PAGE>

any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, (g) with the consent of
the Company or (h) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available
other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to
the Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the
Company. For the purposes of this Section, "Information" means all information
received from the Company or relating to the Company or their business, other
than any such information that is available to the Agent or any Lender on a
nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company or; provided that, in
the case of information received from the Company after the date hereof, such
information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any
Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in
this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so
if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the
confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own
confidential information.

        Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties (and each Related Party,
representative, or other agent of the parties) may disclose to any and all
Persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of
the transaction, provided, however, that this sentence shall not permit any
party (or any Related Party, representative, or other agent thereof) to disclose
any information that is not necessary to understanding the tax treatment and tax
structure of the transaction (including the identity of the parties, any
information that could lead another to determine the identity of the parties, or
any other information to the extent that such disclosure could result in a
violation of any federal or state securities law).

        9.13    Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with
all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Term
Loan under applicable law (collectively the "Charges"), shall exceed the maximum
lawful rate (the "Maximum Rate") which may be contracted for, charged, taken,
received or reserved by the Lender holding such Term Loan in accordance with
applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Term Loan
hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be
limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges
that would have been payable in respect of such Term Loan but were not payable
as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest
and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Term Loans or periods
shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such
cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective
Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.

        9.14    Release of Subsidiaries; Collateral.

        (a)     If (i) the Agent receives a certificate from the chief executive
officer, the chief financial officer or treasurer of the Company certifying as
of the date of that certificate that, after the consummation of the transaction
or series of transactions described in reasonable detail satisfactory to the
Agent in such certificate on such date, the Subsidiary Credit Party identified
in such certificate will no longer be a Subsidiary of the Company and (ii) such
transactions are consummated on such date in accordance with and without
violating the provisions of this Agreement or any other Credit Document, then
such Subsidiary's guarantee of the Company's obligations under this Agreement
shall automatically terminate and such Subsidiary shall cease to be a party to
any Credit Document.

                                     - 80 -
<PAGE>

        (b)     If (i) any Subsidiary Credit Party is released from its
guarantee with respect to the Senior Credit Agreements or (ii) any collateral is
released from the Lien securing the Senior Credit Agreements, then, to the
extent such Subsidiary Credit Party has guaranteed the Company's obligations
hereunder, or such collateral has been pledged to secure the Company's
obligations hereunder or under any guarantee executed by a Subsidiary Credit
Party with respect hereto, then such Subsidiary's guarantee of the Company's or
a Subsidiary Credit Party's obligations under this Agreement shall automatically
terminate and such Subsidiary shall cease to be a party to any Credit Document
and/or such collateral shall automatically be released from the Liens in favor
of the Agent hereunder, in each case without any further action on the part of
any Person.

        (c)     No such termination or cessation shall release, reduce, or
otherwise adversely affect the obligations of any other Credit Party under this
Agreement or any other Credit Document, all of which obligations continue to
remain in full force and effect.

        9.15    Intercreditor Agreement Controls. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Liens and security interests granted at any time to
the Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Credit Document (or to secure
any obligation hereunder or thereunder) and the exercise of any right or remedy
by the Agent hereunder or thereunder are subject to the provisions of the
Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement or any other Document, the terms of
the Intercreditor Agreement will govern and the Lenders are subject to the
agreements made by the Agent on their behalf in the Intercreditor Agreement, but
no such agreement shall obligate any Lender to make additional Term Loans.

                                     - 81 -
<PAGE>

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year
first above written.

                                         RCN CORPORATION


                                         By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                            Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


                                         HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
                                         as Agent


                                         By: /s/ Frank J. Godino
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Name:  Frank J. Godino
                                            Title: Vice President


                                     - 82 -
<PAGE>

                                         Evergreen High Yield Bond Fund,
                                         as a Lender


                                         By: /s/ Peter DeCaprio
                                            -----------------------------------
                                            Name:  Peter DeCaprio
                                            Title: Senior Analyst

                                         Address:



                                         Evergreen VA Strategic Income Fund,
                                         as a Lender


                                         By: /s/ Peter DeCaprio
                                            -----------------------------------
                                            Name:  Peter DeCaprio
                                            Title: Senior Analyst

                                         Address:



                                         Evergreen Strategic Income Fund,
                                         as a Lender


                                         By: /s/ Peter DeCaprio
                                            -----------------------------------
                                            Name:  Peter DeCaprio
                                            Title: Senior Analyst

                                         Address:



                                         Evergreen VA High Income Fund,
                                         as a Lender


                                         By: /s/ Peter DeCaprio
                                            -----------------------------------
                                            Name:  Peter DeCaprio
                                            Title: Senior Analyst

                                         Address:



                                     - 83 -
<PAGE>

                                         Evergreen Income Advantage Fund,
                                         as a Lender


                                         By: /s/ Peter DeCaprio
                                            -----------------------------------
                                            Name:  Peter DeCaprio
                                            Title: Senior Analyst

                                         Address:



                                         Evergreen Utility and
                                         Telecommunications Fund,
                                         as a Lender


                                         By: /s/ Peter DeCaprio
                                            -----------------------------------
                                            Name:  Peter DeCaprio
                                            Title: Senior Analyst

                                         Address:



                                         Sentinel Capital Markets Income
                                         Fund, as a Lender


                                         By: /s/ Peter DeCaprio
                                            -----------------------------------
                                            Name:  Peter DeCaprio
                                            Title: Senior Analyst

                                         Address:



                                         Sentinel High Yield Bond Fund,
                                         as a Lender


                                         By: /s/ Peter DeCaprio
                                            -----------------------------------
                                            Name:  Peter DeCaprio
                                            Title: Senior Analyst

                                         Address:



                                     - 84 -
<PAGE>
                                                                         ANNEX I

I.      Financial Covenants

(a)     Maximum Capital Expenditures. The Company will
not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Capital
Expenditures, except that during any fiscal year of the Company set forth below
(taken as one accounting period) (it being understood and agreed that for
purposes of this clause (a) only, the period from September 30, 2004 through
December 31, 2004 shall be deemed to be part of the fiscal year ending on
December 31, 2005), the Company and its Subsidiaries may make Capital
Expenditures so long as the aggregate amount of all such Capital Expenditures
does not exceed in any fiscal year of the Company set forth below the amount set
forth opposite such fiscal year below:

        Fiscal Year Ending On              Amount
        ---------------------              -------------
        December 31, 2005                  $ 115,000,000
        December 31, 2006                  $  97,750,000
        December 31, 2007 and thereafter   $  86,250,000

                (i)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the
                        amount of Capital Expenditures permitted to be made by
                        the Company and its Subsidiaries pursuant to clause (a)
                        above in any fiscal year of the Company (before giving
                        effect to any increase in such permitted expenditure
                        amount pursuant to this clause (i)) is greater than the
                        amount of such Capital Expenditures actually made by the
                        Company and its Subsidiaries during such fiscal year,
                        such excess (the "Rollover Amount") may be carried
                        forward and utilized to make Capital Expenditures in the
                        immediately succeeding fiscal year (it being understood
                        and agreed that such succeeding fiscal year Capital
                        Expenditures shall be deemed to have been made first
                        from the amount permitted for such year pursuant to
                        clause (a) above and second from the Rollover Amount).

                (ii)    In addition to the foregoing, the Company and its
                        Subsidiaries may make Capital Expenditures with the
                        amount of Excess Proceeds received by the Company or any
                        of its Subsidiaries from any Asset Sale so long as such
                        Excess Proceeds are reinvested within 365 days following
                        the date of such Asset Sale, but only to the extent that
                        such Excess Proceeds are not otherwise required to be
                        applied to repay Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.10(c).

(b)     Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio. The Company will
not permit the Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio for any Test Period ending
on the last day of a fiscal quarter of the Company set forth below to be less
than the ratio set forth opposite such fiscal quarter below:

      Fiscal Quarter Ended                 Ratio
- ---------------------------------        ---------
March 31, 2005                           1.44:1.00

                                      - i -
<PAGE>

      Fiscal Quarter Ended                 Ratio
- ---------------------------------        ---------
June 30, 2005                            1.73:1.00
September 30, 2005                       2.01:1.00
December 31, 2005                        2.01:1.00

March 31, 2006                           2.30:1.00
June 30, 2006                            2.59:1.00
September 30, 2006 and thereafter        2.88:1.00

(c)     Minimum Consolidated EBITDA. The Company will not permit Consolidated
EBITDA for any Test Period ending on the last day of a fiscal quarter of the
Company set forth below to be less than the amount set forth opposite such
fiscal quarter below:

          Fiscal Quarter Ended                         Amount
- --------------------------------------------       -------------
March 31, 2005                                     $   8,500,000
June 30, 2005                                      $  25,500,000
September 30, 2005                                 $  38,250,000
December 31, 2005                                  $  55,250,000

March 31, 2006                                     $  63,750,000
June 30, 2006                                      $  72,250,000
September 30, 2006                                 $  80,750,000
December 31, 2006                                  $  85,000,000

March 31, 2007                                     $  95,625,000
June 30, 2007                                      $ 102,000,000
September 30, 2007                                 $ 110,500,000
December 31, 2007                                  $ 119,000,000

March 31, 2008                                     $ 127,500,000
June 30, 2008                                      $ 131,750,000
September 30, 2008                                 $ 138,125,000
December 31, 2008                                  $ 144,500,000

March 31, 2009                                     $ 148,750,000
June 30, 2009                                      $ 153,000,000
September 30, 2009                                 $ 157,250,000
December 31, 2009                                  $ 161,500,000

March 31, 2010                                     $ 163,625,000
June 30, 2010                                      $ 165,750,000
September 30, 2010                                 $ 167,875,000
December 31, 2010                                  $ 170,000,000

March 31, 2011                                     $ 172,125,000
June 30, 2011                                      $ 174,250,000

                                     - ii -
<PAGE>

          Fiscal Quarter Ended                         Amount
- --------------------------------------------       -------------
September 30, 2011                                 $ 176,375,000
December 31, 2011                                  $ 178,500,000
March 31, 2012                                     $ 178,500,000
June 30, 2012                                      $ 178,500,000

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amounts set forth above in this clause (c)
shall be reduced (x) by $18,000 for every 1000 New York Microwave Subscribers
sold by the Company and its Subsidiaries for each Test Period ending after the
date of the respective sale, (y) upon the sale by the Company or its
Subsidiaries of all of the Chicago Assets by an amount equal to that set forth
under the heading "Chicago EBITDA Adjustment" on Schedule I hereto for the
corresponding fiscal quarter of the Company and (z) upon the sale by the Company
or its Subsidiaries of all of the San Francisco Assets by an amount equal to
that set forth under the heading "San Francisco EBITDA Adjustment" on Schedule I
hereto for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the Company; provided, however,
that the amounts set forth above shall only be reduced (x) prospectively for
each full fiscal quarter after the respective sale and (y) with respect to the
fiscal quarter in which such sale occurred, based on the relevant amount of the
reduction for such fiscal quarter multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of
which is the number of days in such fiscal quarter that will occur after the
date of the respective sale and (ii) the denominator of which is the total
number of days in such fiscal quarter; provided, further that with respect to
the sale of all of the Chicago Assets, the amount set forth under the heading
"Chicago EBITDA Adjustment" on Schedule I hereto shall be reduced on a
prospective basis beginning with the fourth fiscal quarter occurring after the
fiscal quarter in which such sale occurred by an amount equal to that set forth
under the heading "Chicago Overhead Reduction" on Schedule I hereto.

(d)     Intentionally Deleted.

(e)     Adjusted Leverage Ratio. The Company will not permit the Adjusted
Leverage Ratio at any time (on or after March 31, 2005) during a period set
forth below to be greater than the ratio set forth opposite such period below:

          Fiscal Quarter Ended                    Ratio
- ---------------------------------------------   ---------
March 31, 2005                                  7.76:1.00
June 30, 2005                                   6.61:1.00
September 30, 2005                              6.33:1.00
December 31, 2005                               5.75:1.00

March 31, 2006                                  5.18:1.00
June 30, 2006                                   4.60:1.00
September 30, 2006                              4.03:1.00
December 31, 2006                               3.74:1.00

March 31, 2007                                  3.30:1.00
June 30, 2007                                   3.16:1.00
September 30, 2007                              2.88:1.00
December 31, 2007                               2.88:1.00

                                     - iii -
<PAGE>

               Fiscal Quarter Ended               Ratio
- ---------------------------------------------   ---------
March 31, 2008                                  2.59:1.00
June 30, 2008 and thereafter                    2.30:1.00

(f)     Minimum Cash on Hand. The Company will not permit Unrestricted cash and
Cash Equivalents on hand at any time to be less than the Required Unrestricted
Cash Amount.

II.      Events of Default

(a)     (i) The Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall (x) default in any
payment of any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) beyond the period of
grace, if any, provided in an instrument or agreement under which such
Indebtedness was created or (y) default in the observance or performance of any
agreement or condition relating to any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations)
or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating
thereto, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which
default or other event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or
holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or
holders) to cause (determined without regard to whether any notice is required
but determined only after giving effect to any applicable grace period), any
such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity, or (ii) any
Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries shall be declared to be (or shall become) due and payable, or
required to be prepaid other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment,
prior to the stated maturity thereof, provided that it shall not be a Default or
an Event of Default under this section unless the aggregate principal amount of
all Indebtedness as described in preceding clauses (i) and (ii) is at least
$25,000,000.

                                     - iv -

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>rcn2ndliensecagmt.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.4 - SECOND LIEN SECURITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 99.4

================================================================================








                               SECURITY AGREEMENT


                                     among


                                RCN CORPORATION,

                    CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES OF RCN CORPORATION


                                      and


                      HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
                        as SECOND-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT


                        ________________________________

                         Dated as of December 21, 2004
                        ________________________________







===============================================================================



<PAGE>


                               SECURITY AGREEMENT


         SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of December 21, 2004, made by each of the
undersigned assignors (each, an "Assignor" and, together with any other entity
that becomes an assignor hereunder pursuant to Section 10.12 hereof, the
"Assignors") in favor of HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as collateral
agent (together with any successor collateral agent, the "Second-Lien Collateral
Agent"), for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as defined below). Certain
capitalized terms as used herein are defined in Article IX hereof. Except as
otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms used herein and defined in the
Second-Lien Note Indenture (as defined below) shall be used herein as therein
defined.


                              W I T N E S S E T H:


         WHEREAS, RCN Corporation (the "Borrower") and HSBC Bank USA, National
Association, as trustee (the "Second-Lien Trustee"), have entered into an
Indenture, dated as of December 21, 2004 (as amended, modified, restated and/or
supplemented from time to time, the "Second-Lien Note Indenture"), providing for
the issuance of Notes ("Second-Lien Notes") by the Borrower, all as contemplated
therein (the holders of Second-Lien Notes from time to time (the "Noteholders"),
the Second-Lien Trustee and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent are herein called
the "Secured Creditors");

         WHEREAS, pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement, each Guarantor has
jointly and severally guaranteed to the Secured Creditors the payment when due
of all Guaranteed Obligations as described therein;

         WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the issuance of Second-Lien
Notes by the Borrower under the Second-Lien Note Indenture that each Assignor
shall have executed and delivered to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent this
Agreement;

         WHEREAS, the Borrower, various financial institutions from time to time
party thereto and DBCI, as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such
capacity, the "First-Lien Collateral Agent"), have entered into a credit
agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated, modified,
extended, renewed, replaced, supplemented, restructured and/or refinanced from
time to time, the "First-Lien Credit Agreement");

         WHEREAS, each Assignor will obtain benefits from the issuance of
Second-Lien Notes by the Borrower under the Second-Lien Note Indenture and,
accordingly, desires to execute this Agreement in order to satisfy the condition
described in the preceding paragraph; and

         WHEREAS, each Assignor is concurrently granting to the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the holders of obligations under the
First-Lien Credit Agreement, a first priority security interest in the
Collateral (it being understood that the relative rights and priorities of the
grantees in respect of the Collateral are governed by the Intercreditor
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the "Intercreditor Agreement"), among the
Borrower, the First-Lien Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and
certain other persons party or that may become party thereto from time to time);

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the benefits accruing to each
Assignor, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, each
Assignor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the

<PAGE>

Second-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and hereby
covenants and agrees with the Second-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of
the Secured Creditors as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                               SECURITY INTERESTS

         1.1    Grant of Security Interests. (a) Subject to the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement with respect to rights and remedies between the
First-Lien Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, as security
for the prompt and complete payment and performance when due of all of its
Obligations, each Assignor does hereby assign and transfer unto the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, and does hereby pledge and grant to the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, a continuing security interest
in all of the right, title and interest of such Assignor in, to and under all of
the following personal property and fixtures (and all rights therein) of such
Assignor, or in which or to which such Assignor has any rights, in each case
whether now existing or hereafter from time to time acquired:

                (i)      each and every Account;

                (ii)     all cash and Cash Equivalents;

                (iii)    the Cash Collateral Account and all monies, securities,
                         Instruments and other investments deposited in the Cash
                         Collateral Account;

                (iv)     all Chattel Paper (including, without limitation, all
                         Tangible Chattel Paper and all Electronic Chattel
                         Paper);

                (v)      all Commercial Tort Claims;

                (vi)     all computer programs of such Assignor and all
                         intellectual property rights therein and all other
                         proprietary information of such Assignor, including but
                         not limited to all Software, and all Software licensing
                         rights, all writings, plans, specifications and
                         schematics, all engineering drawings, customer lists,
                         goodwill and licenses, and all recorded data of any
                         kind or nature, regardless of the medium of recording;

                (vii)    all Domain Names;

                (viii)   all Trade Secret Rights;

                (ix)     Contracts, together with all Contract Rights arising
                         thereunder;

                (x)      all Copyrights;

                (xi)     all Equipment;


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

                (xii)    all Deposit Accounts and all other demand, deposit,
                         time, savings, cash management and passbook accounts
                         maintained by such Assignor with any Person and all
                         monies, securities, Instruments and other investments
                         deposited in any of the foregoing;

                (xiii)   all Documents;

                (xiv)    all General Intangibles;

                (xv)     all Goods;

                (xvi)    all Instruments;

                (xvii)   all Inventory;

                (xviii)  all Investment Property;

                (xix)    all Letter-of-Credit Rights (whether or not the
                         respective letter of credit is evidenced by a writing);

                (xx)     all Marks;

                (xxi)    all Patents;

                (xxii)   all Permits;

                (xxiii)  all Supporting Obligations; and

                (xxiv)   all Proceeds and products of any and all of the
                         foregoing and any item excluded pursuant to the next
                         succeeding sentence (except to the extent such proceeds
                         would independently be excluded pursuant to said
                         sentence) (all of the above, the "Collateral").

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, in no event shall the
Collateral include, and no Assignor shall be deemed to have granted a security
interest (unless and until as further provided below) in (a) any lease,
license, contract, property rights or agreement to which any Assignor is a
party or any of its rights or interests thereunder or property subject thereto
if and for so long as the grant of such security interest shall constitute or
result in (i) the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of same or (ii)
in a breach or termination pursuant to the terms of, or a default under, any
such lease, license, contract, property rights or agreement (other than to the
extent that any such term in the case of preceding clause (i) or (ii) , as
applicable) would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407,
9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any
relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law (including the Bankruptcy
Code) or principles of equity), provided, however, that (x) the security

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

interests hereunder, shall attach immediately to any portion of such lease,
license, contact, property rights or agreement that does not result in any of
the consequences specified in (i) or (ii) and (y) to any property or assets
described above in this clause (a) on the first date upon which the
circumstances described in preceding clauses (i) and/or (ii) (as relevant) no
longer exist with respect thereto, (b) any property or asset of Starpower
Communications, LLC for so long as the organizational documents of such entity
prohibits the granting of a security interest in such property or asset;
provided that a security interest shall attach immediately upon (and the
exclusion to this clause (b) shall no longer apply at any time after) the
consummation of the Starpower Acquisition, or (c) the equity interests of (x)
Megacable, S.A. de C.V., MCM Holdings, S.A. de C.V. and Megacable
Telecommunicaciones, S.A. de C.V. for so long as the organizational documents
of such entities prohibits the granting of a security interest in such equity
interests; provided that such security interest shall attach immediately when
such prohibition is no longer in effect or (y) more than 65% of the Voting
Equity Interests of any Foreign Corporation; provided that each Assignor shall
be required to pledge hereunder 100% of any Non-Voting Equity Interests at any
time and from time to time acquired by such Assignor of any Foreign
Corporation.

         (b)    The security interest of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent under
this Agreement extends to all Collateral which any Assignor may acquire, or with
respect to which any Assignor may obtain rights, at any time during the term of
this Agreement.

         (c)    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the relative
rights and remedies of Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall be subject to and
governed by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement at any time the
Intercreditor Agreement is in effect. In the event of any inconsistency between
the terms hereof and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement
shall control at any time the Intercreditor Agreement is in effect.

         1.2    Power of Attorney. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor
Agreement, each Assignor hereby constitutes and appoints the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent its true and lawful attorney, irrevocably, with full power
after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default (in
the name of such Assignor or otherwise) to act, require, demand, receive,
compound and give acquittance for any and all moneys and claims for moneys due
or to become due to such Assignor under or arising out of the Collateral, to
endorse any checks or other instruments or orders in connection therewith and to
file any claims or take any action or institute any proceedings which the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent may deem to be necessary or advisable to protect
the interests of the Secured Creditors, which appointment as attorney is coupled
with an interest.

                                   ARTICLE II

                GENERAL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

Each Assignor represents, warrants and covenants, which representations,
warranties and covenants shall survive execution and delivery of this
Agreement, as follows:

         2.1    Necessary Filings. All filings, registrations, recordings and
other actions necessary or appropriate to create, preserve and perfect the
security interest granted by such Assignor to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

hereby in respect of the Collateral have been accomplished (or will be
accomplished within 5 days after the date of this Agreement or, with respect to
Marks, Patents and Copyrights, within 30 days of the date of this Agreement) and
the security interest granted to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent pursuant to
this Agreement in and to the Collateral creates a valid and, together with all
such filings, registrations, recordings and other actions, a perfected security
interest therein prior to the rights of all other Persons therein and subject to
no other Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and is entitled to all the rights,
priorities and benefits afforded by the Uniform Commercial Code or other
relevant law as enacted in any relevant jurisdiction to perfected security
interests, in each case to the extent that the Collateral consists of the type
of property in which a security interest may be perfected by possession or
control (within the meaning of the UCC as in effect on the date hereof in the
State of New York), by filing a financing statement under the Uniform Commercial
Code as enacted in any relevant jurisdiction or by a filing of a Grant of
Security Interest in the respective form attached hereto in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office or in the United States Copyright Office. Each
Assignor hereby authorizes the Second-Lien Collateral Agent to make duplicate
filings as if such Assignor is a Transmitting Utility, or alternatively, as if
such Assignor is a Person which is not a Transmitting Utility.

         2.2    No Liens. Such Assignor is, and as to all Collateral acquired by
it from time to time after the date hereof such Assignor will be, the owner of
all Collateral free from any Lien, security interest, encumbrance or other
right, title or interest of any Person (other than Permitted Liens), and such
Assignor shall defend the Collateral against all claims and demands of all
Persons at any time claiming the same or any interest therein adverse to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         2.3    Other Financing Statements. As of the date hereof, there is no
financing statement (or similar statement or instrument of registration under
the law of any jurisdiction) covering or purporting to cover any interest of any
kind in the Collateral (other than financing statements filed in respect of
Permitted Liens), and so long as the Termination Date has not occurred, such
Assignor will not execute or authorize to be filed in any public office any
financing statement (or similar statement or instrument of registration under
the law of any jurisdiction) or statements relating to the Collateral, except
financing statements filed or to be filed in respect of and covering the
security interests granted hereby by such Assignor or in connection with
Permitted Liens.

         2.4    Chief Executive Office, Record Locations. The chief executive
office of such Assignor is, on the date of this Agreement, located at the
address indicated on Annex A hereto for such Assignor. During the period of the
four calendar months preceding the date of this Agreement, the chief executive
office of such Assignor has not been located at any address other than that
indicated on Annex A in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence, in
each case unless each such other address is also indicated on Annex A hereto for
such Assignor.

         2.5    Location of Inventory and Equipment. All Inventory and Equipment
held on the date hereof, or held at any time during the four calendar months
prior to the date hereof, by each Assignor is located at one of the locations
shown on Annex B hereto for such Assignor.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

         2.6    Legal Names; Type of Organization (and Whether a Registered
Organization); Jurisdiction of Organization; Location; Organizational
Identification Numbers; Changes Thereto; etc. The exact legal name of each
Assignor, the type of organization of such Assignor, whether or not such
Assignor is a Registered Organization, the jurisdiction of organization of such
Assignor, such Assignor's Location, the organizational identification number (if
any) of such Assignor is listed on Annex C hereto for such Assignor. Such
Assignor shall not change its legal name, its type of organization, its status
as a Registered Organization (in the case of a Registered Organization), its
jurisdiction of organization, its Location, or its organizational identification
number (if any) from that used on Annex C hereto, except that any such changes
shall be permitted (so long as not in violation of the applicable requirements
of the Secured Debt Agreements and so long as same do not involve (x) a
Registered Organization ceasing to constitute same or (y) such Assignor changing
its jurisdiction of organization or Location from the United States or a State
thereof to a jurisdiction of organization or Location, as the case may be,
outside the United States or a State thereof) if (i) it shall have given to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent not less than 15 days' prior written notice of each
change to the information listed on Annex C (as adjusted for any subsequent
changes thereto previously made in accordance with this sentence), together with
a supplement to Annex C which shall correct all information contained therein
for such Assignor, and (ii) in connection with the respective such change or
changes, it shall have taken all action reasonably necessary to maintain the
security interests of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent in the Collateral
intended to be granted hereby at all times fully perfected and in full force and
effect; provided that such actions shall not violate the lien priority or any
other provisions contained in the Intercreditor Agreement. In addition, to the
extent that such Assignor does not have an organizational identification number
on the date hereof and later obtains one, such Assignor shall promptly
thereafter notify the Second-Lien Collateral Agent of such organizational
identification number and shall take all actions reasonably necessary to
maintain the security interest of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent in the
Collateral intended to be granted hereby fully perfected and in full force and
effect; provided that such actions shall not violate the lien priority or any
other provisions contained in the Intercreditor Agreement.

         2.7    Trade Names; Etc. Such Assignor has or operates in any
jurisdiction under, or in the preceding five years has had or has operated in
any jurisdiction under, no trade names, fictitious names or other names except
its legal name as specified in Annex C and such other trade or fictitious names
as are listed on Annex D hereto for such Assignor. Such Assignor shall not
assume or operate in any jurisdiction under any new trade, fictitious or other
name until (i) it shall have given to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent not less
than 15 days' written notice of its intention so to do, clearly describing such
new name and the jurisdictions in which such new name will be used and providing
such other information in connection therewith as the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent may reasonably request and (ii) with respect to such new name, it shall
have taken all action reasonably necessary to maintain the security interest of
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent in the Collateral intended to be granted hereby
at all times fully perfected and in full force and effect.

         2.8    Certain Significant Transactions. During the one year period
preceding the date of this Agreement, no Person shall have merged or
consolidated with or into any Assignor, and no Person shall have liquidated
into, or transferred all or substantially all of its assets to, any Assignor, in
each case except as described in Annex E hereto. With respect to any
transactions so described in Annex E hereto, the respective Assignor shall have

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

furnished such information with respect to the Person (and the assets of the
Person and locations thereof) which merged with or into or consolidated with
such Assignor, or was liquidated into or transferred all or substantially all of
its assets to such Assignor, and shall have furnished to the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent such UCC lien searches as may have been requested with respect
to such Person and its assets, to establish that no security interest (excluding
Permitted Liens) continues perfected on the date hereof with respect to any
Person described above (or the assets transferred to the respective Assignor by
such Person), including without limitation pursuant to Section 9-316(a)(3) of
the UCC.

         2.9    Non-UCC Property. At any time and from time to time, promptly
(and in any event within 15 days) following the request of the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent or the Majority Noteholders, the Assignors shall provide the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent a reasonably detailed list (which includes
reasonable estimates of the fair market value (as determined by the Assignors in
good faith)) of all property owned by all of the Assignors of the types
described in clauses (1), (2) and (3) of Section 9-311(a) of the UCC. At any
time that the fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith or
as shown in any list delivered pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence)
of the property owned by all of the Assignors of the types described in clauses
(1), (2) and (3) of Section 9-311(a) of the UCC exceeds $2,000,000, the
Assignors shall, but only upon the written request of the Majority Noteholders
or the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, within 60 days of such request (or such
longer period as the Majority Noteholders or the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
may agree to in writing) take such actions (at their own cost and expense) as
may be required under the respective United States, State or other laws
referenced in Section 9-311(a) of the UCC to perfect the security interests
granted herein in any Collateral where the filing of a financing statement does
not perfect the security interest in such property in accordance with the
provisions of Section 9-311(a) of the UCC.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall
not request any information from any Assignor or require any Assignor to take
any action, in each case, pursuant to this Section 2.9 until such time as the
Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has occurred. The Second-Lien Collateral
Agent shall not have any obligation, nor any liability to any Person (including
the Noteholders), at any time for failing or omitting to request the list of the
fair market value of the property described in this Section 2.9.

         2.10   As-Extracted Collateral; Timber-to-be-Cut. On the date hereof,
such Assignor does not own, or expect to acquire, any property which
constitutes, or would constitute, As-Extracted Collateral or Timber-to-be-Cut.
If at any time after the date of this Agreement such Assignor owns, acquires or
obtains rights to any As-Extracted Collateral or Timber-to-be-Cut, such Assignor
shall furnish the Second-Lien Collateral Agent with prompt written notice
thereof (which notice shall describe in reasonable detail the As-Extracted
Collateral and/or Timber-to-be-Cut and the locations thereof) and shall take all
actions as may be deemed reasonably necessary or desirable by the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent to perfect the security interest of the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent therein.

         2.11   Collateral in the Possession of a Bailee. If any Inventory or
other Goods are at any time in the possession of a bailee (other than the
First-Lien Collateral Agent), such Assignor shall promptly notify the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent thereof and, if requested by the Second-Lien

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

Collateral Agent, shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly
obtain an acknowledgment from such bailee, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, that the bailee holds such
Collateral for the benefit of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and shall act
upon the instructions of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, without the further
consent of such Assignor. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent agrees with such
Assignor that the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not give any such
instructions unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would
occur after taking into account any action by the respective Assignor with
respect to any such bailee.

         2.12   Recourse. This Agreement is made with full recourse to each
Assignor and pursuant to and upon all the warranties, representations, covenants
and agreements on the part of such Assignor contained herein, in the Secured
Debt Agreements and otherwise in writing in connection herewith or therewith.

                                   ARTICLE III

            SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING ACCOUNTS; CONTRACT RIGHTS;
             INSTRUMENTS; CHATTEL PAPER AND CERTAIN OTHER COLLATERAL

         3.1    Additional Representations and Warranties. As of the time when
each of its Accounts arises, each Assignor shall be deemed to have represented
and warranted that each such Account, and all records, papers and documents
relating thereto (if any) are genuine and what they purport to be, and that all
papers and documents (if any) relating thereto (i) will, to the knowledge of
such Assignor, represent the genuine, legal, valid and binding obligation of the
account debtor evidencing indebtedness unpaid and owed by the respective account
debtor arising out of the performance of labor or services or the sale or lease
and delivery of the merchandise listed therein, or both, (ii) will be the only
original writings evidencing and embodying such obligation of the account debtor
named therein (other than copies created for general accounting purposes), (iii)
will, to the knowledge of such Assignor, evidence true and valid obligations,
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and (iv) will be in
compliance and will conform in all material respects with all applicable
federal, state and local laws and applicable laws of any relevant foreign
jurisdiction.

         3.2    Maintenance of Records. Each Assignor will keep and maintain at
its own cost and expense accurate records of its Accounts and Contracts,
including, but not limited to, originals of all documentation (including each
Contract) with respect thereto, records of all payments received, all credits
granted thereon, all merchandise returned and all other dealings therewith, and
such Assignor will make the same available on such Assignor's premises to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent for inspection, at such Assignor's own cost and
expense, at any and all reasonable times upon prior notice to such Assignor and
otherwise in accordance with the Second-Lien Note Indenture. Upon the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default and at the request of the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent, such Assignor shall, at its own cost and expense,
deliver all tangible evidence of its Accounts and Contract Rights (including,
without limitation, all documents evidencing the Accounts and all Contracts) and
such books and records to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or to its
representatives (copies of which evidence and books and records may be retained
by such Assignor). Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
Default and if the Second-Lien Collateral Agent so directs, such Assignor shall

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

legend, in form and manner satisfactory to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the
Accounts and the Contracts, as well as books, records and documents (if any) of
such Assignor evidencing or pertaining to such Accounts and Contracts with an
appropriate reference to the fact that such Accounts and Contracts have been
assigned to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and that the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent has a security interest therein.

         3.3    Direction to Account Debtors; Contracting Parties; etc. Upon the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, if the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent so directs any Assignor, such Assignor agrees (x) to cause all
payments on account of the Accounts and Contracts to be made directly to the
Cash Collateral Account, (y) that the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may, at its
option, directly notify the obligors with respect to any Accounts and/or under
any Contracts to make payments with respect thereto as provided in the preceding
clause (x), and (z) that the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may enforce collection
of any such Accounts and Contracts and may adjust, settle or compromise the
amount of payment thereof, in the same manner and to the same extent as such
Assignor. Without notice to or assent by any Assignor, the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent may, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event
of Default, apply any or all amounts then in, or thereafter deposited in, the
Cash Collateral Account toward the payment of the Obligations in the manner
provided in Section 7.4 of this Agreement. The reasonable costs and expenses of
collection (including reasonable attorneys' fees), whether incurred by an
Assignor or the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, shall be borne by the relevant
Assignor. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall deliver a copy of each notice
referred to in the preceding clause (y) to the relevant Assignor, provided that
(x) the failure by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent to so notify such Assignor
shall not affect the effectiveness of such notice or the other rights of the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent created by this Section 3.3 and (y) no such notice
shall be required if an Event of Default of the type described in Section 7.1(g)
of the Second-Lien Note Indenture has occurred and is continuing.

         3.4    Modification of Terms; etc. Except in accordance with such
Assignor's ordinary course of business and consistent with reasonable business
judgment or as permitted by Section 3.5, no Assignor shall rescind or cancel any
indebtedness evidenced by any Account or under any Contract, or modify any
material term thereof or make any material adjustment with respect thereto, or
extend or renew the same, or compromise or settle any material dispute, claim,
suit or legal proceeding relating thereto, or sell any Account or Contract, or
interest therein, without the prior written consent of the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent. No Assignor will do anything to impair the rights of the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent in the Accounts or Contracts.

         3.5    Collection. Each Assignor shall endeavor in accordance with
reasonable business practices to cause to be collected from the account debtor
named in each of its Accounts or obligor under any Contract, as and when due
(including, without limitation, amounts which are delinquent, such amounts to be
collected in accordance with generally accepted lawful collection procedures)
any and all amounts owing under or on account of such Account or Contract, and
apply forthwith upon receipt thereof all such amounts as are so collected to the
outstanding balance of such Account or under such Contract. Except as otherwise
directed by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent after the occurrence and during the
continuation of an Event of Default, any Assignor may allow in the ordinary
course of business as adjustments to amounts owing under its Accounts and
Contracts (i) an extension or renewal of the time or times of payment, or
settlement for less than the total unpaid balance, which such Assignor finds

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

appropriate in accordance with reasonable business judgment and (ii) a refund or
credit due as a result of returned or damaged merchandise or improperly
performed services or for other reasons which such Assignor finds appropriate in
accordance with reasonable business judgment. The reasonable costs and expenses
(including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) of collection,
whether incurred by an Assignor or the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, shall be
borne by the relevant Assignor.

         3.6    Instruments. If any Assignor owns or acquires any Instrument in
excess of $100,000 constituting Collateral (other than checks and other payment
instruments received and collected in the ordinary course of business), such
Assignor will within 10 Business Days notify the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
thereof, and after the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations will promptly deliver
such Instrument to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent appropriately endorsed to
the order of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         3.7    Assignors Remain Liable Under Accounts. Anything herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, the Assignors shall remain liable under each of the
Accounts to observe and perform all of the conditions and obligations to be
observed and performed by it thereunder, all in accordance with the terms of any
agreement giving rise to such Accounts. Neither the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
nor any other Secured Creditor shall have any obligation or liability under any
Account (or any agreement giving rise thereto) by reason of or arising out of
this Agreement or the receipt by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any other
Secured Creditor of any payment relating to such Account pursuant hereto, nor
shall the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any other Secured Creditor be
obligated in any manner to perform any of the obligations of any Assignor under
or pursuant to any Account (or any agreement giving rise thereto), to make any
payment, to make any inquiry as to the nature or the sufficiency of any payment
received by them or as to the sufficiency of any performance by any party under
any Account (or any agreement giving rise thereto), to present or file any
claim, to take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment
of any amounts which may have been assigned to them or to which they may be
entitled at any time or times.

         3.8    Assignors Remain Liable Under Contracts. Anything herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, the Assignors shall remain liable under each of the
Contracts to observe and perform all of the conditions and obligations to be
observed and performed by them thereunder, all in accordance with and pursuant
to the terms and provisions of each Contract. Neither the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent nor any other Secured Creditor shall have any obligation or liability
under any Contract by reason of or arising out of this Agreement or the receipt
by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any other Secured Creditor of any payment
relating to such Contract pursuant hereto, nor shall the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent or any other Secured Creditor be obligated in any manner to perform any of
the obligations of any Assignor under or pursuant to any Contract, to make any
payment, to make any inquiry as to the nature or the sufficiency of any
performance by any party under any Contract, to present or file any claim, to
take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any
amounts which may have been assigned to them or to which they may be entitled at
any time or times.

         3.9    Deposit Accounts; Etc. (a) No Assignor maintains, or at any time
after the date of this Agreement shall establish or maintain, any demand, time,
savings, passbook or similar account, except for such accounts maintained with a
bank (as defined in Section 9-102 of the UCC) whose jurisdiction (determined in

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

accordance with Section 9-304 of the UCC) is within a State of the United
States. Annex F hereto accurately sets forth, as of the date of this Agreement,
for each Assignor, each Deposit Account maintained by such Assignor (including a
description thereof and the respective account number), the name of the
respective bank with which such Deposit Account is maintained, and the
jurisdiction of the respective bank with respect to such Deposit Account. For
each Deposit Account (other than the Cash Collateral Account or any other
Deposit Account maintained with the Second-Lien Collateral Agent), the
respective Assignor shall cause the bank with which the Deposit Account is
maintained to execute and deliver to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, within 45
days after the date of this Agreement (as such date may be extended by the
First-Lien Collateral Agent) or, if later, at the time of the establishment of
the respective Deposit Account, a "control agreement" in the form of Annex G
hereto (appropriately completed), with such changes thereto as may be acceptable
to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent. If any bank with which a Deposit Account is
maintained refuses to, or does not, enter into such a "control agreement", then
the respective Assignor shall promptly (and in any event within 45 days after
the date of this Agreement or, if later, 30 days after the establishment of such
account) close the respective Deposit Account and transfer all balances therein
to the Cash Collateral Account or another Deposit Account meeting the
requirements of this Section 3.9. If any bank with which a Deposit Account is
maintained refuses to subordinate all its claims, subject to customary
exceptions, with respect to such Deposit Account to the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent's security interest therein on terms satisfactory to the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, then the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, at its option, may (x)
require that such Deposit Account be terminated in accordance with the
immediately preceding sentence or (y) agree to a "control agreement" without
such subordination, provided that in such event the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
may at any time, at its option, subsequently require that such Deposit Account
be terminated (within 30 days after notice from the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent) (as such date may be extended by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent) in
accordance with the requirements of the immediately preceding sentence.

         (b)    After the date of this Agreement, no Assignor shall establish
any new demand, time, savings, passbook or similar account, except for Deposit
Accounts established and maintained with banks and meeting the requirements of
preceding clause (a). At the time any such Deposit Account is established, the
appropriate "control agreement" shall be entered into in accordance with the
requirements of preceding clause (a) and the respective Assignor shall furnish
to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent a supplement to Annex F hereto containing
the relevant information with respect to the respective Deposit Account and the
bank with which same is established.

         3.10   Letter-of-Credit Rights. If any Assignor is at any time a
beneficiary under a letter of credit with a stated amount of $1,000,000 or more,
such Assignor shall promptly notify the Second-Lien Collateral Agent thereof
and, at the request of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, such Assignor shall,
pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent, use its reasonable best efforts to (i) arrange for
the issuer and any confirmer of such letter of credit to consent to an
assignment to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent of the proceeds of any drawing

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

under such letter of credit or (ii) arrange for the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
to become the transferee beneficiary of such letter of credit, with the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent agreeing, in each case, that the proceeds of any
drawing under the letter of credit are (subject to the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement) to be applied as provided in this Agreement after the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default.

         3.11   Commercial Tort Claims. All Commercial Tort Claims of each
Assignor in existence on the date of this Agreement are described in Annex H
hereto. If any Assignor shall at any time after the date of this Agreement
acquire a Commercial Tort Claim in an amount (taking the greater of the
aggregate claimed damages thereunder or the reasonably estimated value thereof)
of $1,000,000 or more, such Assignor shall promptly notify the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent thereof in a writing signed by such Assignor and describing the
details thereof and shall grant to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent in such
writing a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the
terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         3.12   Chattel Paper. Upon the request of the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent made at any time or from time to time, each Assignor shall promptly
furnish to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent a list of all Electronic Chattel
Paper held or owned by such Assignor. Furthermore, if requested by the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent, each Assignor shall promptly take all actions
which are reasonably practicable so that the Second-Lien Collateral Agent has
"control" of all Electronic Chattel Paper in accordance with the requirements of
Section 9-105 of the UCC. Each Assignor will promptly (and in any event within
10 days) following any request by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, deliver all
of its Tangible Chattel Paper to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         3.13   Further Actions. Subject to the exceptions set forth in Article
II and Article III, each Assignor will, at its own expense, make, execute,
endorse, acknowledge, file and/or deliver to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
from time to time such vouchers, invoices, schedules, confirmatory assignments,
conveyances, financing statements, transfer endorsements, certificates, reports
and other assurances or instruments and take such further steps, including any
and all actions as may be necessary or required under the Federal Assignment of
Claims Act, relating to its Accounts, Contracts, Instruments and other property
or rights covered by the security interest hereby granted, is necessary to
perfect and maintain the security interests granted hereby; provided that such
actions shall not violate the lien priority or any other provisions contained in
the Intercreditor Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE IV

            SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING TRADEMARKS AND DOMAIN NAMES

         4.1    Additional Representations and Warranties. Each Assignor
represents and warrants that it is the true and lawful owner of all right, title
and interest in and to the registered Marks and Domain Names listed in Annex I
hereto for such Assignor and that said listed Marks and Domain Names include all
United States marks and applications for United States marks owned or purported
to be owned by such Assignor registered in the United States Patent and
Trademark Office, as well as all Domain Names that such Assignor owns or
purports to own as of the date hereof. Each Assignor represents and warrants
that it owns, is licensed to use or otherwise has the right to use any
trademarks, service marks or other indicia of origin, including trade dress, and

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

any Internet domain names, that it uses. Each Assignor further warrants that it
has no knowledge of any third party claim received by it that any aspect of such
Assignor's present or contemplated business operations infringes or will
infringe any trademark, service mark or trade name of any other Person other
than as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Assignor represents and
warrants that the registrations of Marks listed in Annex I hereto are valid,
subsisting, have not been canceled and that such Assignor is not aware of any
third-party claim that any of said registrations is invalid or unenforceable,
and is not aware that there is any reason that any of said registrations is
invalid or unenforceable, and is not aware that there is any reason that any of
said applications will not mature into registrations, other than as could not,
either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. Each Assignor hereby grants to the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent an absolute power of attorney to sign, upon the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default, any document which may be
required by the United States Patent and Trademark Office or similar registrar
in order to effect an absolute assignment of all right, title and interest in
each Mark and/or Domain Name, and record the same.

         4.2    Licenses and Assignments. Except as otherwise permitted by the
Secured Debt Agreements, each Assignor hereby agrees not to divest itself of any
right under any Mark or Domain Name absent prior written approval of the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         4.3    Infringements. Each Assignor agrees, promptly upon learning
thereof, to notify the Second-Lien Collateral Agent in writing of the name and
address of, and to furnish such pertinent information that may be available with
respect to, any party who such Assignor believes is, or is likely to be,
infringing or diluting or otherwise violating any of such Assignor's rights in
and to any Mark or Domain Name in any manner that could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect, or with respect to any party claiming that
such Assignor's use of any Mark or Domain Name material to such Assignor's
business violates in any material respect any property right of that party. Each
Assignor further agrees to prosecute diligently in accordance with reasonable
business practices any Person infringing any Mark or Domain Name in any manner
that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

         4.4    Preservation of Marks and Domain Names. Each Assignor agrees to
use its Marks and Domain Names which are material to such Assignor's business in
interstate commerce during the time in which this Agreement is in effect and to
take all such other actions as are reasonably necessary to preserve such Marks
as trademarks or service marks under the laws of the United States (other than
any such Marks which Assignor reasonably determines are no longer used or useful
in its business or operations).

         4.5    Maintenance of Registration. Each Assignor shall, at its own
expense, diligently process all documents reasonably required to maintain all
Mark and/or Domain Name registrations, including but not limited to affidavits
of use and applications for renewals of registration in the United States Patent
and Trademark Office for all of its material registered Marks, and shall pay all
fees and disbursements in connection therewith and shall not abandon any such
filing of affidavit of use or any such application of renewal prior to the
exhaustion of all administrative and judicial remedies without prior written
consent of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent (other than with respect to

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

registrations and applications deemed by such Assignor in its reasonable
business judgment to be no longer prudent to pursue).

         4.6    Future Registered Marks and Domain Names. If any Mark
registration is issued hereafter to any Assignor as a result of any application
now or hereafter pending before the United States Patent and Trademark Office or
any Domain Name is registered by Assignor, within 60 days of receipt of such
certificate or similar indicia of ownership, such Assignor shall deliver to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent a copy of such registration certificate or similar
indicia of ownership, and a grant of a security interest in such Mark and/or
Domain Name, to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and at the expense of such
Assignor, confirming the grant of a security interest in such Mark and/or Domain
Name to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder, the form of such security to
be substantially in the form of Annex L hereto or in such other form as may be
reasonably satisfactory to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         4.7    Remedies. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement,
if an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent may, by written notice to the relevant Assignor, take any or all of the
following actions: (i) declare the entire right, title and interest of such
Assignor in and to each of the Marks and Domain Names, together with all
trademark rights and rights of protection to the same, vested in the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, in which event such
rights, title and interest shall immediately vest, in the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, and the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent shall be entitled to exercise the power of attorney referred to in Section
4.1 hereof to execute, cause to be acknowledged and notarized and record said
absolute assignment with the applicable agency or registrar; (ii) take and use
or sell the Marks or Domain Names and the goodwill of such Assignor's business
symbolized by the Marks or Domain Names and the right to carry on the business
and use the assets of such Assignor in connection with which the Marks or Domain
Names have been used; and (iii) direct such Assignor to refrain, in which event
such Assignor shall refrain, from using the Marks or Domain Names in any manner
whatsoever, directly or indirectly, and such Assignor shall execute such further
documents that the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may reasonably request to
further confirm this and to transfer ownership of the Marks or Domain Names and
registrations and any pending trademark applications in the United States Patent
and Trademark Office or applicable Domain Name registrar to the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent.

                                    ARTICLE V

       SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND TRADE SECRETS

         5.1    Additional Representations and Warranties. Each Assignor
represents and warrants that it is the true and lawful owner of all rights in
(i) the Trade Secret Rights, (ii) all right, title and interest in and to the
Patents listed in Annex J hereto for such Assignor and that said Patents include
all the United States patents and applications for United States patents that
such Assignor owns as of the date hereof and (iii) all right, title and interest
in and to the registered Copyrights listed in Annex K hereto for such Assignor
and that said Copyrights include all the United States copyrights registered
with the United States Copyright Office and applications to United States
copyrights that such Assignor owns as of the date hereof. Each Assignor further
warrants that it has no knowledge of any third party claim that any aspect of

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

such Assignor's present or contemplated business operations infringes or will
infringe any patent of any other Person or such Assignor has misappropriated any
trade secret or proprietary information which, either individually or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each
Assignor represents and warrants that the Patents listed in Annex J hereto are
valid, subsisting, have not been canceled and that such Assignor is not aware of
any third-party claim that any of said Patents are invalid or unenforceable, and
is not aware that there is any reason that any of said Patents are invalid or
unenforceable, and is not aware that there is any reason that any of said Patent
applications will not mature into issued Patents. Each Assignor hereby grants to
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent an absolute power of attorney to sign, upon the
occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, any document
which may be required by the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the
United States Copyright Office in order to effect an absolute assignment of all
right, title and interest in each Patent or Copyright, and to record the same.

         5.2    Licenses and Assignments. Except as otherwise permitted by the
Secured Debt Agreements, each Assignor hereby agrees not to divest itself of any
right under any Patent or Copyright absent prior written approval of the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         5.3    Infringements. Each Assignor agrees, promptly upon learning
thereof, to furnish the Second-Lien Collateral Agent in writing with all
pertinent information available to such Assignor with respect to any
infringement, contributing infringement or active inducement to infringe or
other violation of such Assignor's rights in any Patent or Copyright or to any
claim that the practice of any Patent or use of any Copyright violates any
property right of a third party, or with respect to any misappropriation of any
Trade Secret Right or any claim that practice of any Trade Secret Right violates
any property right of a third party, in each case, in any manner which, either
individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. Each Assignor further agrees, absent direction of the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent to the contrary, to diligently prosecute, in
accordance with its reasonable business judgment, any Person infringing any
Patent or Copyright or any Person misappropriating any Trade Secret Right, in
each case to the extent that such infringement or misappropriation, either
individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

         5.4    Maintenance of Patents or Copyrights. At its own expense, each
Assignor shall make timely payment of all post-issuance fees required to
maintain in force its rights under each Patent or Copyright, absent prior
written consent of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent (other than any such Patents
or Copyrights which are no longer used or are deemed by such Assignor in its
reasonable business judgment to no longer be useful in its business or
operations).

         5.5    Prosecution of Patent Applications. At its own expense, each
Assignor shall diligently prosecute all material applications for the United
States Patents listed in Annex J hereto, in each case for such Assignor and
shall not abandon any such application prior to exhaustion of all administrative
and judicial remedies (other than applications that are deemed by such Assignor
in its reasonable business judgment to no longer be necessary in the conduct of
the Assignor's business), absent written consent of the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent.

         5.6    Other Patents and Copyrights. Within 30 days of the acquisition
or issuance of a United States Patent, registration of a Copyright, or

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

acquisition of a registered Copyright, or of filing of an application for a
United States Patent or Copyright, the relevant Assignor shall deliver to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent a copy of said Copyright or Patent, or certificate
or registration of, or application therefor, as the case may be, with a grant of
a security interest as to such Patent or Copyright, as the case may be, to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent and at the expense of such Assignor, confirming the
grant of a security interest, the form of such grant of a security interest to
be substantially in the form of Annex M or N hereto, as appropriate, or in such
other form as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent.

         5.7    Remedies. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement,
if an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent may, by written notice to the relevant Assignor, take any or all of the
following actions: (i) declare the entire right, title, and interest of such
Assignor in each of the Patents and Copyrights vested in the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, in which event such
right, title, and interest shall immediately vest in the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, in which case the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall be entitled to exercise the power of attorney referred to
in Section 5.1 hereof to execute, cause to be acknowledged and notarized and to
record said absolute assignment with the applicable agency; (ii) take and
practice or sell the Patents and Copyrights; and (iii) direct such Assignor to
refrain, in which event such Assignor shall refrain, from practicing the Patents
and using the Copyrights directly or indirectly, and such Assignor shall execute
such further documents as the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may reasonably
request further to confirm this and to transfer ownership of the Patents and
Copyrights to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                      PROVISIONS CONCERNING ALL COLLATERAL

         6.1    Protection of Second-Lien Collateral Agent's Security. Except as
otherwise permitted by the Secured Debt Agreements and the Intercreditor
Agreement, each Assignor will do nothing to impair the rights of the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent in the Collateral. Each Assignor will at all times maintain
insurance, at such Assignor's own expense to the extent and in the manner
provided in the Secured Debt Agreements. Except to the extent otherwise
permitted to be retained by such Assignor or applied by such Assignor pursuant
to the terms of the Secured Debt Agreements, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
shall, at the time any proceeds of such insurance are distributed to the Secured
Creditors, apply such proceeds in accordance with Section 7.4 hereof. Each
Assignor assumes all liability and responsibility in connection with the
Collateral acquired by it and the liability of such Assignor to pay the
Obligations shall in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the fact that
such Collateral may be lost, destroyed, stolen, damaged or for any reason
whatsoever unavailable to such Assignor.

         6.2    Warehouse Receipts Non-Negotiable. To the extent practicable,
each Assignor agrees that if any warehouse receipt or receipt in the nature of a
warehouse receipt is issued with respect to any of its Inventory, such Assignor
shall request that such warehouse receipt or receipt in the nature thereof shall
not be "negotiable" (as such term is used in Section 7-104 of the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction or under other
relevant law).

                                      -16-
<PAGE>

         6.3    Additional Information. Each Assignor will, at its own expense,
from time to time upon the reasonable request of the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent, promptly (and in any event within 10 days after its receipt of the
respective request) furnish to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent such information
with respect to the Collateral (including the identity of the Collateral or such
components thereof as may have been requested by the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent, the value and location of such Collateral, etc.) as may be requested by
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent. Without limiting the forgoing, each Assignor
agrees that it shall promptly (and in any event within 10 days after its receipt
of the respective request) furnish to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent such
updated Annexes hereto as may from time to time be reasonably requested by the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         6.4    Further Actions. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor
Agreement and the exceptions set forth in Article II and Article III hereof,
each Assignor will, at its own expense, make, execute, endorse, acknowledge,
file and/or deliver to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent from time to time such
lists, descriptions and designations of its Collateral, warehouse receipts,
receipts in the nature of warehouse receipts, bills of lading, documents of
title, vouchers, invoices, schedules, confirmatory assignments, conveyances,
financing statements, transfer endorsements, certificates, reports and other
assurances or instruments and take such further steps relating to the Collateral
and other property or rights covered by the security interest hereby granted,
which is reasonably appropriate or advisable to perfect, preserve or protect the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent's security interest in the Collateral.

         6.5    Financing Statements. Subject to the exceptions set forth in
Article II and Article III, each Assignor agrees to execute and deliver to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent such financing statements, in form reasonably
acceptable to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, or as are reasonably necessary
to establish and maintain a valid, enforceable, second-priority perfected
security interest in the Collateral (subject to the first-priority lien of the
First-Lien Collateral Agent in and in accordance with the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement) as provided herein and the other rights and security
contemplated hereby. Each Assignor will pay any applicable filing fees,
recordation taxes and related expenses relating to its Collateral. Each Assignor
hereby authorizes the Second-Lien Collateral Agent to file any such financing
statements without the signature of such Assignor where permitted by law (and
such authorization includes describing the Collateral as "all assets" of such
Assignor).

                                   ARTICLE VII

                 REMEDIES UPON OCCURRENCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT

         7.1    Remedies; Obtaining the Collateral Upon Default. Each Assignor
agrees that, to the extent not inconsistent with the Intercreditor Agreement, if
any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then and in every
such case, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, in addition to any rights now or
hereafter existing under applicable law and under the other provisions of this
Agreement, shall have all rights as a secured creditor under any UCC, and such
additional rights and remedies to which a secured creditor is entitled under the
laws in effect in all relevant jurisdictions and may:

                                      -17-
<PAGE>

         (i)    personally, or by agents or attorneys, immediately take
     possession of the Collateral or any part thereof, from such Assignor or any
     other Person who then has possession of any part thereof with or without
     notice or process of law, and for that purpose may enter upon such
     Assignor's premises where any of the Collateral is located and remove the
     same and use in connection with such removal any and all services,
     supplies, aids and other facilities of such Assignor;

         (ii)   instruct the obligor or obligors on any agreement, instrument or
     other obligation (including, without limitation, the Accounts and the
     Contracts) constituting the Collateral to make any payment required by the
     terms of such agreement, instrument or other obligation directly to the
     Second-Lien Collateral Agent and may exercise any and all remedies of such
     Assignor in respect of such Collateral;

         (iii)  instruct all banks which have entered into a control agreement
     with the Second-Lien Collateral Agent to transfer all monies, securities
     and instruments held by such depositary bank to the Cash Collateral
     Account;

         (iv)   sell, assign or otherwise liquidate any or all of the Collateral
     or any part thereof in accordance with Section 7.2 hereof, or direct such
     Assignor to sell, assign or otherwise liquidate any or all of the
     Collateral or any part thereof, and, in each case, take possession of the
     proceeds of any such sale or liquidation;

         (v)    take possession of the Collateral or any part thereof, by
     directing such Assignor in writing to deliver the same to the Second-Lien
     Collateral Agent at any reasonable place or places designated by the
     Second-Lien Collateral Agent, in which event such Assignor shall at its own
     expense:

                (x)  forthwith cause the same to be moved to the place or places
         so designated by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and there delivered
         to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent;

                (y)   store and keep any Collateral so delivered to the
         Second-Lien Collateral Agent at such place or places pending further
         action by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent as provided in Section 7.2
         hereof; and

                (z)   while the Collateral shall be so stored and kept, provide
         such security and maintenance services as shall be reasonably necessary
         to protect the same and to preserve and maintain it in good condition;

         (vi)   subject to any exclusive license issued prior to the Event of
     Default, license or sublicense, whether on an exclusive or nonexclusive
     basis, any Marks, Domain Names, Patents or Copyrights included in the
     Collateral for such term and on such conditions and in such manner as the
     Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall in its sole judgment determine; provided
     in the case of Marks to the maintenance of quality standards, not less than
     comparable to the standards in place at the time of the Event of Default;

                                      -18-
<PAGE>

         (vii)  apply any monies constituting Collateral or proceeds thereof in
     accordance with the provisions of Section 7.4; and \

         (viii) take any other action as specified in clauses (1) through (5),
     inclusive, of Section 9-607 of the UCC;

it being understood that each Assignor's obligation so to deliver the
Collateral is of the essence of this Agreement and that, accordingly, upon
application to a court of equity having jurisdiction, the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall be entitled to a decree requiring specific performance
by such Assignor of said obligation. By accepting the benefits of this
Agreement and each other Security Document, the Secured Creditors expressly
acknowledge and agree that any action taken by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
under this Agreement and each other Security Document may be enforced only by
the action of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent acting upon the instructions of
the Majority Noteholders and that no other Secured Creditor shall have any
right individually to seek to enforce or to enforce this Agreement or to
realize upon the security to be granted hereby, it being understood and agreed
that such rights and remedies may be exercised by the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors upon the terms of this Agreement
and the other Security Documents. Furthermore, each Assignor agrees to upon the
occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, use its commercially
reasonable efforts to assist the Second-Lien Collateral Agent in obtaining any
approvals or assignments or licenses from any relevant Governmental Authority
that may be necessary for the exercise of the rights and remedies of the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent with respect to the Collateral.

         7.2    Remedies; Disposition of the Collateral. Subject to the terms of
the Intercreditor Agreement, if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, then any Collateral repossessed by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
under or pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof and any other Collateral whether or not
so repossessed by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, may be sold, assigned,
leased or otherwise disposed of under one or more contracts or as an entirety,
and without the necessity of gathering at the place of sale the property to be
sold, and in general in such manner, at such time or times, at such place or
places and on such terms as the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may, in compliance
with any mandatory requirements of applicable law, determine to be commercially
reasonable. Any of the Collateral may be sold, leased or otherwise disposed of,
in the condition in which the same existed when taken by the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent or after any overhaul or repair at the expense of the relevant
Assignor which the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall determine to be
commercially reasonable. Any such sale, lease or other disposition may be
effected by means of a public disposition or private disposition, effected in
accordance with the applicable requirements (in each case if and to the extent
applicable) of Sections 9-610 through 9-613 of the UCC and/or such other
mandatory requirements of applicable law as may apply to the respective
disposition. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent may, without notice or
publication, adjourn any public or private disposition or cause the same to be
adjourned from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed for the
disposition, and such disposition may be made at any time or place to which the
disposition may be so adjourned. To the extent permitted by any such requirement
of law, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may bid for and become the purchaser
(and may pay all or any portion of the purchase price by crediting Obligations
against the purchase price) of the Collateral or any item thereof, offered for
disposition in accordance with this Section 7.2 without accountability to the
relevant Assignor. If, under applicable law, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent

                                      -19-
<PAGE>

shall be permitted to make disposition of the Collateral within a period of time
which does not permit the giving of notice to the relevant Assignor as
hereinabove specified, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent need give such Assignor
only such notice of disposition as shall be required by such applicable law.
Each Assignor agrees to do or cause to be done all such other acts and things as
may be reasonably necessary to make such disposition or dispositions of all or
any portion of the Collateral valid and binding and in compliance with any and
all applicable laws, regulations, orders, writs, injunctions, decrees or awards
of any and all courts, arbitrators or governmental instrumentalities, domestic
or foreign, having jurisdiction over any such sale or sales, all at such
Assignor's expense.

         7.3    Waiver of Claims. Except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, EACH ASSIGNOR HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, NOTICE AND JUDICIAL HEARING IN CONNECTION WITH THE FIRST-LIEN COLLATERAL
AGENT'S TAKING POSSESSION OR THE FIRST-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT'S DISPOSITION OF
ANY OF THE COLLATERAL, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY AND ALL PRIOR NOTICE
AND HEARING FOR ANY PREJUDGMENT REMEDY OR REMEDIES, and each Assignor hereby
further waives, to the extent permitted by law:

                (i)   all damages occasioned by such taking of possession or any
         such disposition except any damages which are the direct result of the
         Second-Lien Collateral Agent's gross negligence or willful misconduct
         (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and
         non-appealable decision);

                (ii)  all other requirements as to the time, place and terms of
         sale or other requirements with respect to the enforcement of the
         Second-Lien Collateral Agent's rights hereunder; and

                (iii) all rights of redemption, appraisement, valuation, stay,
         extension or moratorium now or hereafter in force under any applicable
         law in order to prevent or delay the enforcement of this Agreement or
         the absolute sale of the Collateral or any portion thereof, and each
         Assignor, for itself and all who may claim under it, insofar as it or
         they now or hereafter lawfully may, hereby waives the benefit of all
         such laws.

Any sale of, or the grant of options to purchase, or any other realization
upon, any Collateral shall operate to divest all right, title, interest, claim
and demand, either at law or in equity, of the relevant Assignor therein and
thereto, and shall be a perpetual bar both at law and in equity against such
Assignor and against any and all Persons claiming or attempting to claim the
Collateral so sold, optioned or realized upon, or any part thereof, from,
through and under such Assignor.

         7.4    Application of Proceeds. (a) Subject to the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement, all moneys collected by the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent (or, to the extent the Second-Lien Pledge Agreement or any other Security
Document requires proceeds of collateral under such other Security Document to
be applied in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the Pledgee or
Second-Lien Collateral Agent under such other Security Document) upon any sale
or other disposition of the Collateral, together with all other moneys received
by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder, shall be applied as follows:

                                      -20-
<PAGE>

                (i)   first, to the payment of all amounts owing the Second-Lien
         Collateral Agent of the type described in clauses (iii), (iv) and (v)
         of the definition of "Obligations";

                (ii)  second, to the extent proceeds remain after the

         application pursuant to the preceding clause (i), to the payment of all
         amounts owing to any Agent of the type described in clauses (v) and
         (vi) of the definition of "Obligations";

                (iii) third, to the extent proceeds remain after the application
         pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) and (ii), an amount equal to the
         outstanding Primary Obligations shall be paid to the Secured Creditors
         as provided in Section 7.4(e) hereof, with each Secured Creditor
         receiving an amount equal to its outstanding Primary Obligations or, if
         the proceeds are insufficient to pay in full all such Primary
         Obligations, its Pro Rata Share of the amount remaining to be
         distributed;

                (iv)  fourth, to the extent proceeds remain after the
         application pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) through (iii),
         inclusive, an amount equal to the outstanding Secondary Obligations
         shall be paid to the Secured Creditors as provided in Section 7.4(e)
         hereof, with each Secured Creditor receiving an amount equal to its
         outstanding Secondary Obligations or, if the proceeds are insufficient
         to pay in full all such Secondary Obligations, its Pro Rata Share of
         the amount remaining to be distributed; and

                (v)   fifth, to the extent proceeds remain after the application
         pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) through (iv), inclusive, and
         following the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.8(a)
         hereof, to the relevant Assignor or to whomever may be lawfully
         entitled to receive such surplus.

         (b)    For purposes of this Agreement, (x) "Pro Rata Share" shall mean,
when calculating a Secured Creditor's portion of any distribution or amount,
that amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to a fraction the numerator of
which is the then unpaid amount of such Secured Creditor's Primary Obligations
or Secondary Obligations, as the case may be, and the denominator of which is
the then outstanding amount of all Primary Obligations or Secondary Obligations,
as the case may be, (y) "Primary Obligations" shall mean all principal of,
premium, fees and interest on, all Second-Lien Notes and (z) "Secondary
Obligations" shall mean all Obligations other than Primary Obligations.

         (c)    When payments to Secured Creditors (other than the Second-Lien
Trustee or the Second-Lien Collateral Agent) are based upon their respective Pro
Rata Shares, the amounts received by such Secured Creditors hereunder shall be
applied (for purposes of making determinations under this Section 7.4 only) (i)
first, to their Primary Obligations and (ii) second, to their Secondary
Obligations. If any payment to any Secured Creditor of its Pro Rata Share of any
distribution would result in overpayment to such Secured Creditor, such excess
amount shall instead be distributed in respect of the unpaid Primary Obligations
or Secondary Obligations, as the case may be, of the other Secured Creditors,
with each Secured Creditor whose Primary Obligations or Secondary Obligations,
as the case may be, have not been paid in full to receive an amount equal to
such excess amount multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the unpaid
Primary Obligations or Secondary Obligations, as the case may be, of such

                                      -21-
<PAGE>

Secured Creditor and the denominator of which is the unpaid Primary Obligations
or Secondary Obligations, as the case may be, of all Secured Creditors entitled
to such distribution.

         (d)    Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, all
payments required to be made hereunder shall be made to the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors.

         (e)    For purposes of applying payments received in accordance with
this Section 7.4, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely
upon the Second-Lien Trustee for a determination (which the Second-Lien Trustee
agrees (or shall agree) to provide upon request of the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent) of the outstanding Primary Obligations and Secondary Obligations owed to
the Secured Creditors. Unless it has received written notice from a Secured
Creditor to the contrary, the Second-Lien Trustee, in furnishing information
pursuant to the preceding sentence, and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, in
acting hereunder, shall be entitled to assume that no Secondary Obligations are
outstanding.

         (f)    It is understood that the Assignors shall remain jointly and
severally liable to the extent of any deficiency between the amount of the
proceeds of the Collateral and the aggregate amount of the Obligations.

         7.5    Remedies Cumulative. Subject to the terms of (and to the extent
not inconsistent with) the Intercreditor Agreement, each and every right, power
and remedy hereby specifically given to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall
be in addition to every other right, power and remedy specifically given to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent under this Agreement, the other Secured Debt
Agreements or now or hereafter existing at law, in equity or by statute and each
and every right, power and remedy whether specifically herein given or otherwise
existing may be exercised from time to time or simultaneously and as often and
in such order as may be deemed expedient by the Majority Noteholders. All such
rights, powers and remedies shall be cumulative and the exercise or the
beginning of the exercise of one shall not be deemed a waiver of the right to
exercise any other or others. No delay or omission of the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent in the exercise of any such right, power or remedy and no renewal or
extension of any of the Obligations shall impair any such right, power or remedy
or shall be construed to be a waiver of any Default or Event of Default or an
acquiescence thereof. No notice to or demand on any Assignor in any case shall
entitle it to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other
circumstances or constitute a waiver of any of the rights of the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent to any other or further action in any circumstances without
notice or demand. In the event that the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall bring
any suit to enforce any of its rights hereunder and shall be entitled to
judgment, then in such suit the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may recover
reasonable expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, and the amounts
thereof shall be included in such judgment.

         7.6    Discontinuance of Proceedings. In case the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall have instituted any proceeding to enforce any right,
power or remedy under this Agreement by foreclosure, sale, entry or otherwise,
and such proceeding shall have been discontinued or abandoned for any reason or
shall have been determined adversely to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, then
and in every such case the relevant Assignor, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
and each holder of any of the Obligations shall be restored to their former
positions and rights hereunder with respect to the Collateral subject to the

                                      -22-
<PAGE>

security interest created under this Agreement, and all rights, remedies and
powers of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall continue as if no such
proceeding had been instituted.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                    INDEMNITY

         8.1    Indemnity. (a) Each Assignor jointly and severally agrees to
indemnify, reimburse and hold the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, each other
Secured Creditor and their respective successors, assigns, employees, affiliates
and agents (hereinafter in this Section 8.1 referred to individually as
"Indemnitee," and collectively as "Indemnitees") harmless from any and all
liabilities, obligations, damages, injuries, penalties, claims, demands,
actions, suits, judgments and any and all costs, expenses or disbursements
(including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) (for the purposes of this
Section 8.1 the foregoing are collectively called "expenses") of whatsoever kind
and nature imposed on, asserted against or incurred by any of the Indemnitees in
any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement, any other Secured Debt
Agreement or any other document executed in connection herewith or therewith or
in any other way connected with the administration of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby or the enforcement of any of the terms of, or the
preservation of any rights under any thereof, or in any way relating to or
arising out of the manufacture, ownership, ordering, purchase, delivery,
control, acceptance, lease, financing, possession, operation, condition, sale,
return or other disposition, or use of the Collateral (including, without
limitation, latent or other defects, whether or not discoverable), the violation
of the laws of any country, state or other governmental body or unit, any tort
(including, without limitation, claims arising or imposed under the doctrine of
strict liability, or for or on account of injury to or the death of any Person
(including any Indemnitee), or property damage), or contract claim; provided
that no Indemnitee shall be indemnified pursuant to this Section 8.1(a) for
losses, damages or liabilities to the extent caused by the gross negligence or
willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision). Each Assignor agrees that
upon written notice by any Indemnitee of the assertion of such a liability,
obligation, damage, injury, penalty, claim, demand, action, suit or judgment,
the relevant Assignor shall assume full responsibility for the defense thereof.
Each Indemnitee agrees to use its best efforts to promptly notify the relevant
Assignor of any such assertion of which such Indemnitee has knowledge.

         (b)    Without limiting the application of Section 8.1(a) hereof, each
Assignor agrees, jointly and severally, to pay or reimburse the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent for any and all reasonable fees, costs and expenses of whatever
kind or nature incurred in connection with the creation, preservation or
protection of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent's Liens on, and security interest
in, the Collateral, including, without limitation, all fees and taxes in
connection with the recording or filing of instruments and documents in public
offices, payment or discharge of any taxes or Liens upon or in respect of the
Collateral, premiums for insurance with respect to the Collateral and all other
fees, costs and expenses in connection with protecting, maintaining or
preserving the Collateral and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent's interest
therein, whether through judicial proceedings or otherwise, or in defending or
prosecuting any actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or relating to the
Collateral.

                                      -23-
<PAGE>

         (c)    Without limiting the application of Section 8.1(a) or (b)
hereof, each Assignor agrees, jointly and severally, to pay, indemnify and hold
each Indemnitee harmless from and against any loss, costs, damages and expenses
which such Indemnitee may suffer, expend or incur in consequence of or growing
out of any misrepresentation by any Assignor in this Agreement, any other
Secured Debt Agreement or in any writing contemplated by or made or delivered
pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Secured Debt
Agreement.

         (d)    If and to the extent that the obligations of any Assignor under
this Section 8.1 are unenforceable for any reason, such Assignor hereby agrees
to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of such
obligations which is permissible under applicable law.

         8.2    Indemnity Obligations Secured by Collateral; Survival. Any
amounts paid by any Indemnitee as to which such Indemnitee has the right to
reimbursement shall constitute Obligations secured by the Collateral. The
indemnity obligations of each Assignor contained in this Article VIII shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding the full payment of all of the
other Obligations and notwithstanding the full payment of all the Notes issued,
and Loans made, under the Second-Lien Note Indenture and the payment of all
other Obligations and notwithstanding the discharge thereof and the occurrence
of the Termination Date and the resignation or removal of the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                   DEFINITIONS

         The following terms shall have the meanings herein specified. Such
definitions shall be equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the
terms defined.

         "Account" shall mean any "account" as such term is defined in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New
York, and in any event shall include but shall not be limited to, all rights to
payment of any monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, (i)
for property that has been or is to be sold, leased, licensed, assigned or
otherwise disposed of, (ii) for services rendered or to be rendered, (iii) for a
policy of insurance issued or to be issued, (iv) for a secondary obligation
incurred or to be incurred, (v) for energy provided or to be provided, (vi) for
the use or hire of a vessel under a charter or other contract, (vii) arising out
of the use of a credit or charge card or information contained on or for use
with the card, or (viii) as winnings in a lottery or other game of chance
operated or sponsored by a State, governmental unit of a State, or person
licensed or authorized to operate the game by a State or governmental unit of a
State. Without limiting the foregoing, the term "account" shall include all
Health-Care-Insurance Receivables.

         "Agreement" shall mean this Security Agreement as the same may be
amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance
with its terms.

                                      -24-
<PAGE>

         "As-Extracted Collateral" shall mean "as-extracted collateral" as such
term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof
in the State of New York.

         "Assignor" shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of
this Agreement.

         "Borrower" shall have the meaning provided in the recitals of this
Agreement.

         "Cash Collateral Account" shall mean a non-interest bearing cash
collateral account maintained with, and in the sole dominion and control of, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors.

         "Chattel Paper" shall mean "chattel paper" as such term is defined in
the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New
York. Without limiting the foregoing, the term "Chattel Paper" shall in any
event include all Tangible Chattel Paper and all Electronic Chattel Paper.

         "Collateral" shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.1(a) of this
Agreement.

         "Collateral Agent Action" shall have the meaning provided in Section
10.13(h) of this Agreement.

         "Commercial Tort Claims" shall mean "commercial tort claims" as such
term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof
in the State of New York.

         "Contract Rights" shall mean all rights of any Assignor under each
Contract, including, without limitation, (i) any and all rights to receive and
demand payments under any or all Contracts, (ii) any and all rights to receive
and compel performance under any or all Contracts and (iii) any and all other
rights, interests and claims now existing or in the future arising in connection
with any or all Contracts.

         "Contracts" shall mean all contracts between any Assignor and one or
more additional parties (including, without limitation, any interest rate
protection agreements, hedging agreements, licensing agreements and any
partnership agreements, joint venture agreements and limited liability company
agreements).

         "Copyrights" shall mean any United States or foreign copyright now or
hereafter owned by any Assignor, including any registrations of any copyrights,
in the United States Copyright Office or any foreign equivalent office, as well
as any application for a copyright registration now or hereafter made with the
United States Copyright Office or any foreign equivalent office by any Assignor.

         "Credit Party" shall mean the Borrower and each Guarantor.

         "Deposit Accounts" shall mean all "deposit accounts" as such term is
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the
State of New York.

                                      -25-
<PAGE>

         "Discharge of First-Lien Obligations" shall have the meaning provided
in the Intercreditor Agreement.

         "Documents" shall mean "documents" as such term is defined in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New
York.

         "Domain Names" shall mean all Internet domain names and associated URL
addresses in or to which any Assignor now or hereafter has any right, title or
interest.

         "Electronic Chattel Paper" shall mean "electronic chattel paper" as
such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date
hereof in the State of New York.

         "Equipment" shall mean any "equipment" as such term is defined in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New
York, and in any event, shall include, but shall not be limited to, all
machinery, equipment, furnishings, fixtures and vehicles now or hereafter owned
by any Assignor and any and all additions, substitutions and replacements of any
of the foregoing and all accessions thereto, wherever located, together with all
attachments, components, parts, equipment and accessories installed thereon or
affixed thereto.

         "Event of Default" shall mean any Event of Default under, and as
defined in, the Second-Lien Note Indenture and shall in any event include,
without limitation, any payment default on any of the Obligations after the
expiration of any applicable grace period.

         "First-Lien Collateral Agent" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals to this Agreement.

         "First-Lien Credit Agreement" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals to this Agreement.

         "General Intangibles" shall mean "general intangibles" as such term is
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the
State of New York.

         "Goods" shall mean "goods" as such term is defined in the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New York.

         "Health-Care-Insurance Receivable" shall mean any
"health-care-insurance receivable" as such term is defined in the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New York.

         "Indemnitee" shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.1(a) of this
Agreement.

         "Instrument" shall mean "instruments" as such term is defined in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New
York.

                                      -26-
<PAGE>

         "Intercreditor Agreement" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals to this Agreement.

         "Inventory" shall mean merchandise, inventory and goods, and all
additions, substitutions and replacements thereof and all accessions thereto,
wherever located, together with all goods, supplies, incidentals, packaging
materials, labels, materials and any other items used or to be used in
manufacturing, processing, packaging or shipping same, in all stages of
production from raw materials through work in process to finished goods, and all
products and proceeds of whatever sort and wherever located any portion thereof
which may be returned, rejected, reclaimed or repossessed by the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent from any Assignor's customers, and shall specifically include
all "inventory" as such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in
effect on the date hereof in the State of New York.

         "Investment Property" shall mean "investment property" as such term is
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the
State of New York.

         "Letter-of-Credit Rights" shall mean "letter-of-credit rights" as such
term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof
in the State of New York.

         "Location" of any Assignor, shall mean such Assignor's "location" as
determined pursuant to Section 9-307 of the UCC.

         "Majority Noteholders" shall mean the holders of not less than a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the Second-Lien Notes at the time
outstanding (as determined in accordance with Section 9.4 of the Second-Lien
Note Indenture).

         "Marks" shall mean all right, title and interest in and to any
trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, logos, fictitious business
names, and other business identifiers, including the goodwill of the business of
such Assignor associated with each of the foregoing, now held or hereafter
acquired by any Assignor, the right to sue for past or future infringement
thereof and including any registration or application for registration or
renewals thereof of any trademarks and service marks now held or hereafter
acquired by any Assignor, which are registered or filed in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office or the equivalent thereof in any state of the United
States or any equivalent foreign office or agency.

         "Material Adverse Effect" shall mean a material adverse effect on the
business, property, assets, liabilities (actual or contingent), operations or
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as
a whole.

         "Noteholders" shall have the meaning provided in the recitals of this
Agreement.

         "Obligations" shall mean and include, as to any Assignor, all of the
following:

                (i)   the full and prompt payment when due (whether at stated
         maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all obligations, liabilities
         and indebtedness (including, without limitation, principal, premium,
         interest (including, without limitation, all interest that accrues
         after the commencement of any case, proceeding or other action relating

                                      -27-
<PAGE>

         to the bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding of
         any Assignor at the rate provided for in the respective documentation,
         whether or not a claim for post-petition interest is allowed in any
         such proceeding), fees, costs and indemnities) of such Assignor to the
         Secured Creditors, whether now existing or hereafter incurred under,
         arising out of, or in connection with, the Second-Lien Note Indenture
         and the other Second-Lien Note Documents to which such Assignor is a
         party (including, without limitation, in the event such Assignor is a
         Guarantor, all such obligations, liabilities and indebtedness of such
         Assignor under the Guarantee Agreement) and the due performance and
         compliance by such Assignor with all of the terms, conditions and
         agreements contained in the Second-Lien Note Indenture and in such
         other Second-Lien Note Documents (all such obligations, liabilities and
         indebtedness under this clause (i), being herein collectively called
         the "Second-Lien Note Document Obligations");

                (ii)  any and all sums advanced by the Second-Lien Collateral
         Agent in order to preserve the Collateral or preserve its security
         interest in the Collateral;

                (iii) in the event of any proceeding for the collection or
         enforcement of any indebtedness, obligations, or liabilities of such
         Assignor referred to in clause (i) above, after an Event of Default
         shall have occurred and be continuing, the reasonable expenses of
         retaking, holding, preparing for sale or lease, selling or otherwise
         disposing of or realizing on the Collateral, or of any exercise by the
         Second-Lien Collateral Agent of its rights hereunder, together with
         reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs;

                (iv)  all amounts paid by any Indemnitee as to which such
         Indemnitee has the right to reimbursement under Section 8.1 of this
         Agreement; and

                (v)   all amounts owing to the Second-Lien Trustee, the
         Second-Lien Collateral Agent and any other agent pursuant to any of the
         Second-Lien Note Documents in its capacity as such;

it being acknowledged and agreed that the "Obligations" shall include
extensions of credit of the types described above, whether outstanding on the
date of this Agreement or extended from time to time after the date of this
Agreement.

         "Patents" shall mean any patent in or to which any Assignor now or
hereafter has any right, title or interest therein, and any divisions,
continuations (including, but not limited to, continuations-in-parts) and
improvements thereof, including the right to sue for past or future infringement
thereof, as well as any application for a patent now or hereafter made by any
Assignor.

         "Permits" shall mean, to the extent permitted to be assigned by the
terms thereof or by applicable law, all licenses, permits, rights, orders,
variances, franchises or authorizations of or from any governmental authority or
agency.

         "Primary Obligations" shall have the meaning provided in Section 7.4(b)
of this Agreement.

                                      -28-
<PAGE>

         "Pro Rata Share" shall have the meaning provided in Section 7.4(b) of
this Agreement.

         "Proceeds" shall mean all "proceeds" as such term is defined in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York on the date hereof
and, in any event, shall also include, but not be limited to, (i) any and all
proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any Assignor from time to time with respect to
any of the Collateral, (ii) any and all payments (in any form whatsoever) made
or due and payable to any Assignor from time to time in connection with any
requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or forfeiture of all or any
part of the Collateral by any governmental authority (or any person acting under
color of governmental authority) and (iii) any and all other amounts from time
to time paid or payable under or in connection with any of the Collateral.

         "Registered Organization" shall have the meaning provided in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York.

         "Second-Lien Collateral Agent" shall have the meaning provided in the
first paragraph of this Agreement.

         "Second-Lien Notes" shall have the meaning provided in the recitals of
this Agreement.

         "Second-Lien Note Documents" shall mean the "Transaction Documents" as
defined in the Second-Lien Note Indenture.

         "Second-Lien Note Document Obligations" shall have the meaning provided
in the definition of "Obligations" in this Article IX.

         "Second-Lien Note Indenture" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals of this Agreement.

         "Second-Lien Pledge Agreement" means the Pledge Agreement, dated as of
the date hereof, among the Borrower, the Guarantors and the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or
otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and
thereof.

         "Secondary Obligations" shall have the meaning provided in Section
7.4(b) of this Agreement.

         "Secured Creditors" shall have the meaning provided in the recitals of
this Agreement.

         "Secured Debt Agreements" shall mean and include this Agreement and the
other Second-Lien Note Documents.

         "Software" shall mean "software" as such term is defined in the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New York.

                                      -29-
<PAGE>

         "Supporting Obligations" shall mean any "supporting obligation" as such
term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof
in the State of New York, now or hereafter owned by any Assignor, or in which
any Assignor has any rights, and, in any event, shall include, but shall not be
limited to all of such Assignor's rights in any Letter-of-Credit Right or
secondary obligation that supports the payment or performance of, and all
security for, any Account, Chattel Paper, Document, General Intangible,
Instrument or Investment Property.

         "Tangible Chattel Paper" shall mean "tangible chattel paper" as such
term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof
in the State of New York.

         "Termination Date" shall have the meaning provided in Section 10.8(a)
of this Agreement.

         "Timber-to-be-Cut" shall mean "timber-to-be-cut" as such term is
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the
State of New York.

         "Trade Secrets" shall mean any secretly held existing engineering or
other data, information, production procedures and other know-how relating to
the design manufacture, assembly, installation, use, operation, marketing, sale
and/or servicing of any products or business of an Assignor worldwide whether
written or not.

         "Trade Secret Rights" shall mean the rights of an Assignor in any Trade
Secret it holds.

         "Transmitting Utility" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 9-102(a)(80) of the UCC.

         "UCC" shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to
time in the relevant jurisdiction.

                                    ARTICLE X

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         10.1   Notices. Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices,
requests, demands or other communications to or upon the respective parties
hereto shall be sent or delivered by mail, telegraph, telex, telecopy, cable or
courier service and all such notices and communications shall, when mailed,
telegraphed, telexed, telecopied, or cabled or sent by courier, be effective
when deposited in the mails, delivered to the telegraph company, cable company
or overnight courier, as the case may be, or sent by telex or telecopier, except
that notices and communications to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any
Assignor shall not be effective until received by the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent or such Assignor, as the case may be. All notices and other communications
shall be in writing and addressed as follows:

                                      -30-
<PAGE>

         (a)    if to any Assignor, c/o:

                c/o RCN Corporation
                105 Carnegie Center
                Princeton, New Jersey 08540
                Attention:  General Counsel
                Telephone No.:  (609) 734-3811
                Telecopier No.: (609) 734-3830

         (b)    if to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, at:

                HSBC Bank USA, National Association
                452 Fifth Avenue
                New York, New York 10018
                Attention:  Corporate Trust
                Telecopier No.: (212) 525-1300

         (c)    if to any Secured Creditor (other than the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent), at such address as such Secured Creditor shall have specified
in the Second-Lien Note Indenture;

or at such other address or addressed to such other individual as shall have
been furnished in writing by any Person described above to the party required
to give notice hereunder.

         10.2   Waiver; Amendment. Except as provided in Sections 10.8 and
10.12, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (including, without
limitation, Section 5.3 thereof), none of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement may be changed, waived, modified or varied in any manner whatsoever
unless in writing duly signed by each Assignor directly affected thereby (it
being understood that the addition or release of any Assignor hereunder shall
not constitute a change, waiver, discharge or termination affecting any Assignor
other than the Assignor so added or released) and the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent (with the written consent of the Majority Noteholders).

         10.3   Obligations Absolute. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor
Agreement, the obligations of each Assignor hereunder shall remain in full force
and effect without regard to, and shall not be impaired by, (a) any bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment, composition, liquidation
or the like of such Assignor; (b) any exercise or non-exercise, or any waiver
of, any right, remedy, power or privilege under or in respect of this Agreement
or any other Secured Debt Agreement; or (c) any amendment to or modification of
any Secured Debt Agreement or any security for any of the Obligations; whether
or not such Assignor shall have notice or knowledge of any of the foregoing.

         10.4   Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall create a continuing
security interest in the Collateral and shall (i) remain in full force and
effect, subject to release and/or termination as set forth in Section 10.8, (ii)
be binding upon each Assignor, its successors and assigns; provided, however,
that no Assignor shall assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent (with the prior
written consent of the Majority Noteholders), and (iii) inure, together with the
rights and remedies of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder, to the
benefit of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the other Secured Creditors and

                                      -31-
<PAGE>

their respective successors, transferees and assigns. All agreements,
statements, representations and warranties made by each Assignor herein or in
any certificate or other instrument delivered by such Assignor or on its behalf
under this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the Secured
Creditors and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
other Secured Debt Agreements regardless of any investigation made by the
Secured Creditors or on their behalf.

         10.5   Headings Descriptive. The headings of the several sections of
this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not in any way affect
the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

         10.6   GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL. (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER SECOND-LIEN NOTE DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
YORK, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH ASSIGNOR HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY, THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. EACH
ASSIGNOR HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH COURTS LACK
JURISDICTION OVER SUCH ASSIGNOR, AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY LEGAL
ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER SECOND-LIEN
NOTE DOCUMENT BROUGHT IN ANY OF THE AFORESAID COURTS THAT ANY SUCH COURT LACKS
JURISDICTION OVER SUCH ASSIGNOR. EACH ASSIGNOR FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO
THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS IN ANY SUCH
ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED
MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO ANY SUCH ASSIGNOR AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES AS
PROVIDED IN SECTION 10.1 ABOVE, SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE 30 DAYS AFTER
SUCH MAILING. EACH ASSIGNOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO SUCH
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR
CLAIM IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING COMMENCED HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER
SECOND-LIEN NOTE DOCUMENT THAT SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS WAS IN ANY WAY INVALID OR
INEFFECTIVE. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE SECOND-LIEN COLLATERAL
AGENT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY SECURED CREDITOR, TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY
OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE
PROCEED AGAINST ANY ASSIGNOR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.

         (b)    EACH ASSIGNOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT
MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY OF THE AFORESAID ACTIONS
OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER
SECOND-LIEN NOTE DOCUMENT BROUGHT IN THE COURTS REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE (a) ABOVE

                                      -32-
<PAGE>

AND HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY
SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN
BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

         (c)    EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER SECOND-LIEN NOTE DOCUMENTS OR
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

         10.7   Assignor's Duties. It is expressly agreed, anything herein
contained to the contrary notwithstanding, that each Assignor shall remain
liable to perform all of the obligations, if any, assumed by it with respect to
the Collateral and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not have any
obligations or liabilities with respect to any Collateral by reason of or
arising out of this Agreement, nor shall the Second-Lien Collateral Agent be
required or obligated in any manner to perform or fulfill any of the obligations
of any Assignor under or with respect to any Collateral.

         10.8   Termination; Release. (a) After the Termination Date, this
Agreement shall terminate (provided that all indemnities set forth herein
including, without limitation in Section 8.1 hereof, shall survive such
termination) and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, at the request and expense of
the respective Assignor, will promptly execute and deliver to such Assignor a
proper instrument or instruments (including Uniform Commercial Code termination
statements on form UCC-3) acknowledging the satisfaction and termination of this
Agreement, and will duly assign, transfer and deliver to such Assignor (without
recourse and without any representation or warranty) such of the Collateral as
may be in the possession of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and as has not
theretofore been sold or otherwise applied or released pursuant to this
Agreement. As used in this Agreement, "Termination Date" shall mean the date
upon which no Second-Lien Note under the Second-Lien Note Indenture is
outstanding and all Loans thereunder have been repaid in full and all
Obligations then due and payable have been paid in full.

         (b)    Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, in the
event that any part of the Collateral is sold or otherwise disposed of (to a
Person other than a Credit Party) (x) at any time prior to the time at which all
Second-Lien Note Obligations have been paid in full in connection with a sale or
disposition permitted by Section 5.15 of the Second-Lien Note Indenture or is
otherwise released at the direction of the Majority Noteholders (or all the
Noteholders if required by Section 11.2 of the Second-Lien Note Indenture) or
(y) at any time thereafter, to the extent permitted by the other Secured Debt
Agreements, and in the case of clauses (x) and (y), the proceeds of such sale or
disposition (or from such release) are applied in accordance with the terms of
the Second-Lien Note Indenture or such other Secured Debt Agreement, as the case
may be, to the extent required to be so applied, the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent, at the request and expense of such Assignor, will duly release from the
security interest created hereby (and will execute and deliver such
documentation, including termination or partial release statements and the like
in connection therewith) and assign, transfer and deliver to such Assignor


                                      -33-
<PAGE>

(without recourse and without any representation or warranty) such of the
Collateral as is then being (or has been) so sold or otherwise disposed of, or
released, and as may be in the possession of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
and has not theretofore been released pursuant to this Agreement. Furthermore,
upon the release of any Guarantor from the Guarantee Agreement in accordance
with the provisions thereof, such Assignor (and the Collateral at such time
assigned by the respective Assignor pursuant hereto) shall be released from this
Agreement.

         (c)    At any time that an Assignor desires that the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent take any action to acknowledge or give effect to any release of
Collateral pursuant to the foregoing Section 10.8(a) or (b), such Assignor shall
deliver to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent a certificate signed by a principal
executive officer of such Assignor stating that the release of the respective
Collateral is permitted pursuant to such Section 10.8(a) or (b). At any time
that the Borrower or the respective Assignor desires that a Subsidiary of the
Borrower which has been released from the Guarantee Agreement be released
hereunder as provided in the last sentence of Section 10.8(b), it shall deliver
to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent a certificate signed by a principal
executive officer of the Borrower and the respective Assignor stating that the
release of the respective Assignor (and its Collateral) is permitted pursuant to
such Section 10.8(b). If reasonably requested by the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent (although the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to
make such request), the relevant Assignor shall furnish appropriate legal
opinions (from counsel, reasonably acceptable to the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent) to the effect set forth in this Section 10.8(c).

         (d)    The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall have no liability
whatsoever to any other Secured Creditor as the result of any release of
Collateral by it in accordance with (or which the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
in the absence of gross negligence and willful misconduct believes to be in
accordance with) this Section 10.8.

         10.9   Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each
of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which
shall together constitute one and the same instrument. A set of counterparts
executed by all the parties hereto shall be lodged with the Borrower and the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         10.10  Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

         10.11  The Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the other Secured
Creditors. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent will hold in accordance with this Agreement all items of the
Collateral at any time received under this Agreement. It is expressly understood
and agreed that the obligations of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent as holder of
the Collateral and interests therein and with respect to the disposition
thereof, and otherwise under this Agreement, are only those expressly set forth
in this Agreement and in Article IV of the Second-Lien Note Indenture. The
Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall act hereunder on the terms and conditions set
forth herein and in Article IV of the Second-Lien Note Indenture.

                                      -34-
<PAGE>

         10.12  Additional Assignors. It is understood and agreed that any
Guarantor that desires to become an Assignor hereunder, or is required to
execute a counterpart of this Agreement after the date hereof pursuant to the
requirements of the Second-Lien Note Indenture or any other Second-Lien Note
Document, shall become an Assignor hereunder by executing a counterpart hereof
and delivering same to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, or by executing an
assumption agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, (y) delivering supplements to Annexes A through F, inclusive,
and H through K, inclusive, hereto as are necessary to cause such Annexes to be
complete and accurate with respect to such additional Assignor on such date and
(z) taking all actions as specified in this Agreement as would have been taken
by such Assignor had it been an original party to this Agreement, in each case
with all documents required above to be delivered to the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent and with all documents and actions required above to be taken to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         10.13  Second-Lien Collateral Agent. (a) Appointment. The Second-Lien
Trustee and each Noteholder, by accepting a Note, hereby irrevocably designates
and appoints HSBC Bank USA, National Association as the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent under this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement and each other Security
Document, and the Second-Lien Trustee and each such Noteholder irrevocably
authorizes HSBC Bank USA, National Association as the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent to take such actions on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement,
the Guarantee Agreement and each other Security Document to which the
Second-Lien Trustee and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent (as the case may be) is
a party and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly
delegated to the Second-Lien Trustee and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent (as
the case may be) by the terms of this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement and
each other Security Document to which the Second-Lien Trustee and the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent (as the case may be) is a party, together with such
other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision
to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement or in any
other Security Document, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not have any
duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any
fiduciary relationship with any Noteholder or any other Person, and no implied
covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities on
the part of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Trustee shall
be read into this Agreement or otherwise exist against the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Trustee. The provisions of this Section
10.13 are solely for the benefit of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the
Second-Lien Trustee and the Noteholders, and the Assignors shall not have any
rights as a third party beneficiary or otherwise under any of the provisions
hereof. In performing their respective functions and duties hereunder and under
the other Security Documents to which the Second-Lien Collateral Agent is a
party, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall act solely as an agent of the
Second-Lien Trustee and the Noteholders and does not assume nor shall be deemed
to have assumed any obligation or relationship of trust or agency with or for
the Assignors or any of their successors and assigns.

         (b)    Delegation of Duties. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent may
execute any of its duties under this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement or the
other Security Documents to which the Second-Lien Collateral Agent is a party by

                                      -35-
<PAGE>

or through receivers, agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to
advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The
Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or
misconduct of any receivers, agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with
reasonable care.

         (c)    Exculpatory Provisions. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall
not be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or
any Person described in Section 11 of the Second-Lien Pledge Agreement under or
in connection with this Agreement, or any other Transaction Document or any
other document or instrument referred to or provided for herein or therein
(except for its or such Person's own gross negligence or willful misconduct if
such Person was not selected with reasonable care), or (ii) responsible in any
manner to any of the Noteholders, the Second-Lien Trustee or any other Person
for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Assignor
contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or in any
certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in,
or received under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability
or sufficiency of this Agreement, or any other Transaction Document or for any
failure of any Assignor to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. The
Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not be required to initiate or conduct any
litigation or collection or other proceeding under this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not be under any
obligation to the Second-Lien Trustee or to any Noteholder to ascertain or to
inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained
in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or to
inspect the properties, books or records of any Assignor. The Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall have the right at any time to seek instructions from the
Noteholders with respect to the administration of this Agreement, the Guarantee
Agreement or the other Security Documents. Anything to the contrary
notwithstanding, in no event shall the Second-Lien Collateral Agent be liable to
any Person, under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document for special,
punitive, indirect, consequential or incidental loss or damage of any kind
whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage.

         (d)    Reliance by Second-Lien Collateral Agent. The Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely, and shall be fully
protected in relying, upon any Note, writing, resolution, notice, consent,
certificate, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, telecopy, telex or teletype
message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be
genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person
or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including, without
limitation, counsel to any Assignor or Noteholder), independent accountants and
other experts selected by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent with reasonable due
care. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not be bound to make any
investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate,
statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent,
order, bond, debenture or other paper or document, delivered to the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent hereunder or under the Transaction Documents. The Second-Lien
Collateral Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Note as the owner thereof
for all purposes unless the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall have received an
executed transfer instrument in respect thereof. The Second-Lien Collateral
Agent shall have no liability for failing or refusing to take any action under

                                      -36-
<PAGE>

this Agreement or any other Transaction Document unless it shall first receive
such advice, direction, instruction or concurrence of the Majority Noteholders
or the Noteholders as is required hereunder or it shall first be indemnified to
its satisfaction by the Noteholders against any and all liability and expense
which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such
action; and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent has the right to seek instructions
from the Majority Noteholders before acting or electing not to act under this
Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent
shall in all cases have no liability in acting, or in refraining from acting,
under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with a
direction or instruction of the Majority Noteholders, and such direction or
instruction and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be
binding upon all of the Noteholders and all future holders of the Notes. This
Section does not govern the relationship of the Assignors and the Noteholders.

         (e)    Non-Reliance on Second-Lien Collateral Agent. Each Assignor and
Noteholder expressly acknowledges that the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, or any
of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates
has not made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent hereafter taken, including, without limitation, any
review of the affairs of any Assignor or Noteholder, shall be deemed to
constitute any representation or warranty by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         (f)    Second-Lien Collateral Agent in its Individual Capacity. The
Second-Lien Collateral Agent and its Affiliates may make loans to, accept
deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with the Assignors
and Noteholders as though the Second-Lien Collateral Agent were not the
collateral agent hereunder.

         (g)    Successor Second-Lien Collateral Agent. The Second-Lien
Collateral Agent may resign as collateral agent upon thirty (30) days notice to
the Borrower and the Noteholders and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may be
removed from its position as collateral agent at any time by the Noteholders. If
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall resign as collateral agent under this
Agreement or be removed pursuant to the preceding sentence, then the Majority
Noteholders during such 30-day period shall appoint a successor collateral
agent, and upon the acceptance by such successor collateral agent, the successor
collateral agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the term "Second-Lien Collateral Agent" shall
mean such successor collateral agent, effective upon its appointment and
acceptance, and the former Second-Lien Collateral Agent's rights, powers and
duties as collateral agent shall then be terminated, without any other or
further act or deed on the part of such former Second-Lien Collateral Agent or
any of the parties to this Agreement or any Noteholders. After any retiring
Second-Lien Collateral Agent's resignation hereunder as collateral agent, the
provisions of this Section 10.13 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions
taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Second-Lien Collateral Agent
under this Agreement. If the Second-Lien Collateral Agent consolidates with,
merges with or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its
assets (including the administration of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents) to, another Person, the resulting, surviving or transferee Person,
without any further act, shall be the successor Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         (h)    Actions by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent. In each case that
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may or is required hereunder, the Guarantee
Agreement or any other Security Document to take any action (a "Collateral Agent

                                      -37-
<PAGE>

Action"), including without limitation to make any determination or judgment, to
give consents, to exercise rights, powers or remedies, to release or sell
collateral or otherwise to act hereunder, under the Guarantee Agreement or under
any other Security Document, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may seek direction
from the Majority Noteholders. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not be
liable with respect to any Collateral Agent Action taken or omitted to be taken
by it in good faith in accordance with the direction from the Majority
Noteholders. If the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall request direction from
the Majority Noteholders with respect to any Collateral Agent Action, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such Collateral
Agent Action unless and until such Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall have
received direction from the Majority Noteholders and the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining.

                (i)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement
         or any other Transaction Document, in no event shall the Second-Lien
         Collateral Agent be responsible for, or have any duty or obligation
         with respect to, the recording, filing, registering, perfection,
         protection or maintenance of the security interests or Liens intended
         to be created by this Agreement or the other Security Documents
         (including without limitation any UCC financing or continuation
         statements or similar documents or instruments), nor shall the
         Second-Lien Collateral Agent be responsible for, and the Second-Lien
         Collateral Agent makes no representation regarding, the validity,
         effectiveness or priority of any of this Agreement, the Guarantee
         Agreement or the Security Documents or the security interests or Liens
         intended to be created hereby or thereby.

                (ii)  The Second-Lien Collateral Agent is hereby directed by the
         Noteholders to execute this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement and the
         Security Documents as contemplated herein.

                (iii) Whenever in the administration of this Agreement, the
         Guarantee Agreement or any Security Document, the Second-Lien
         Collateral Agent shall deem it necessary that a matter with respect to
         the Assignors be provided or established prior to taking or suffering
         or omitting to take any act hereunder or thereunder, such matter
         (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein or therein
         specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of gross negligence, bad
         faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Second-Lien Collateral
         Agent be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by an
         officers' certificate delivered by the applicable Assignor to the
         Second-Lien Collateral Agent, and such certificate, in the absence of
         gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the
         Second-Lien Collateral Agent, shall be full warrant to the Second-Lien
         Collateral Agent for any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken
         by it under the provisions of this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement
         or any Security Document upon the faith thereof.

                (iv)  Any direction, request, notice, consent or other action
         provided or permitted by this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement or the
         Security Documents to be given, made or taken by the Noteholders may be
         embodied in or evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially

                                      -38-
<PAGE>

         similar tenor signed by the Noteholders in person or by and agent
         thereof duly appointed in writing; and such action, except as otherwise
         expressly provided herein, shall become effective when such instrument
         or instruments are delivered to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent. The
         fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing may be
         proved in any manner that the Second-Lien Collateral Agent deems
         sufficient. The holding of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register.
         (v) Acceptance of Terms of Noteholders. Each Noteholder, by accepting a
         Note, agrees to all the terms and provisions set forth herein and in
         the Guarantee Agreement and the other Security Documents.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Secured Debt
Agreement, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and Second-Lien Trustee shall have
no liability whatsoever to any Person party to any Secured Debt Agreement or to
any other Person (including, without limitation, the Noteholders) for failing
to perfect or failing to maintain perfection on any of the security interests
granted hereby (including without limitation, filing any financing statements
or continuation statements).

         10.14  Compliance with Laws. Each Assignor agrees to use commercially
reasonable efforts, including taking any action which the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent and the Secured Creditors may reasonably request, to assist in obtaining
any required consent or approval of the Federal Communications Commission (the
"FCC") or any other governmental or other authority for any sale or transfer of
control of the Collateral contemplated by the security documents pursuant to the
exercise of the rights and remedies of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the
Secured Creditors thereunder, including, upon request, to prepare, sign and file
with the FCC the assignor's or transferor's and licensee's portions of any
applications required under the rules of the FCC for consent to the assignment
or transfer of control of any FCC construction permit, license or other
authorization.

         Each Assignor further consents, subject to obtaining any necessary
approvals, to the assignment or transfer of control of any FCC or other
governmental construction permit, license, or other authorization to operate, to
a receiver, trustee, or similar official or to any purchaser of the Collateral
pursuant to any public or private sale, judicial sale, foreclosure, or exercise
of other remedies available to Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Secured
Creditors as permitted by applicable law. Notwithstanding anything herein which
may be construed to the contrary, no action shall be taken by any of the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Secured Creditors with respect to any
license of the FCC unless and until any applicable rules and regulations
thereunder, requiring the consent to or approval of such action by the FCC or
any governmental or other authority, have been satisfied.

         10.15  Conflicts; Intercreditor Agreement. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the lien and security interest granted to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement and the exercise of any
right or remedy by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder are subject to the
provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between
the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control.

                                      -39-
<PAGE>

   [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank; signature page follows]

                                      -40-
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date first
above written.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                           <C>
Address:                                                      RCN CORPORATION, as an Assignor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      BRAINSTORM NETWORKS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      HOT SPOTS PRODUCTIONS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      ON TV, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN-BECOCOM, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Telecom Services of Massachusetts, Inc.
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN CABLE TV OF CHICAGO, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN ENTERTAINMENT, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN FINANCE, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Corporation, its managing member
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN INTERNET SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF MASSACHUSETTS, INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF PHILADELPHIA, INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF VIRGINIA, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF WASHINGTON D.C., INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RFM 2, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Corporation, its managing member
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RLH PROPERTY CORPORATION, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      TEC AIR, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      21ST CENTURY TELECOM SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      UNET HOLDING, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                           <C>
Address:                                                      STARPOWER COMMUNICATIONS, LLC,
                                                                as a Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540
Attention: Chief Financial Officer
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              ---------------------------------------
                                                                 Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                 Title: Manager
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

Accepted and Agreed to:

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
  as Second-Lien Collateral Agent


By: /s/ Frank J. Godino
   ---------------------------------
   Name:  Frank J. Godino
   Title: Vice President

<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                -----------------


                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

ARTICLE I SECURITY INTERESTS ...............................................  2

         1.1    Grant of Security Interests ................................  2
         1.2    Power of Attorney ..........................................  4

ARTICLE II GENERAL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS ...............  4

         2.1    Necessary Filings ..........................................  5
         2.2    No Liens ...................................................  5
         2.3    Other Financing Statements .................................  5
         2.4    Chief Executive Office, Record Locations ...................  5
         2.5    Location of Inventory and Equipment ........................  5
         2.6    Legal Names; Type of Organization (and Whether a
                  Registered Organization); Jurisdiction of Organization;
                  Location; Organizational Identification Numbers; Changes
                  Thereto; etc. ............................................  6
         2.7    Trade Names; Etc. ..........................................  6
         2.8    Certain Significant Transactions ...........................  6
         2.9    Non-UCC Property ...........................................  7
         2.10   As-Extracted Collateral; Timber-to-be-Cut ..................  7
         2.11   Collateral in the Possession of a Bailee ...................  7
         2.12   Recourse ...................................................  8

ARTICLE III SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING ACCOUNTS; CONTRACT RIGHTS;
            INSTRUMENTS; CHATTEL PAPER AND CERTAIN OTHER COLLATERAL ........  8

         3.1    Additional Representations and Warranties ..................  8
         3.2    Maintenance of Records .....................................  8
         3.3    Direction to Account Debtors; Contracting Parties; etc. ....  9
         3.4    Modification of Terms; etc. ................................  9
         3.5    Collection .................................................  9
         3.6    Instruments ................................................ 10
         3.7    Assignor Remains Liable Under Accounts ..................... 10
         3.8    Assignor Remains Liable Under Contracts .................... 10
         3.9    Deposit Accounts; Etc. ..................................... 10
         3.10   Letter-of-Credit Rights .................................... 11
         3.11   Commercial Tort Claims ..................................... 12
         3.12   Chattel Paper .............................................. 12
         3.13   Further Actions ............................................ 12

ARTICLE IV SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING TRADEMARKS AND DOMAIN NAMES ....... 12

         4.1    Additional Representations and Warranties .................. 12

                                      (i)
<PAGE>

         4.2    Licenses and Assignments ................................... 13
         4.3    Infringements .............................................. 13
         4.4    Preservation of Marks and Domain Names ..................... 13
         4.5    Maintenance of Registration ................................ 13
         4.6    Future Registered Marks and Domain Names ................... 14
         4.7    Remedies ................................................... 14

ARTICLE V SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND
          TRADE SECRETS .................................................... 14

         5.1    Additional Representations and Warranties .................. 14
         5.2    Licenses and Assignments ................................... 15
         5.3    Infringements .............................................. 15
         5.4    Maintenance of Patents or Copyrights ....................... 15
         5.5    Prosecution of Patent Applications ......................... 15
         5.6    Other Patents and Copyrights ............................... 15
         5.7    Remedies ................................................... 16

ARTICLE VI PROVISIONS CONCERNING ALL COLLATERAL ............................ 16

         6.1    Protection of Second-Lien Collateral Agent's Security ...... 16
         6.2    Warehouse Receipts Non-Negotiable .......................... 16
         6.3    Additional Information ..................................... 17
         6.4    Further Actions ............................................ 17
         6.5    Financing Statements ....................................... 17

ARTICLE VII REMEDIES UPON OCCURRENCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT ................ 17

         7.1    Remedies; Obtaining the Collateral Upon Default ............ 17
         7.2    Remedies; Disposition of the Collateral .................... 19
         7.3    Waiver of Claims ........................................... 20
         7.4    Application of Proceeds .................................... 20
         7.5    Remedies Cumulative ........................................ 22
         7.6    Discontinuance of Proceedings .............................. 22

ARTICLE VIII INDEMNITY ..................................................... 23

         8.1    Indemnity .................................................. 23
         8.2    Indemnity Obligations Secured by Collateral; Survival ...... 24

ARTICLE IX DEFINITIONS ..................................................... 24

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS .................................................... 30

         10.1   Notices .................................................... 30
         10.2   Waiver; Amendment .......................................... 31
         10.3   Obligations Absolute ....................................... 31
         10.4   Successors and Assigns ..................................... 31
         10.5   Headings Descriptive ....................................... 32

                                      (ii)
<PAGE>

         10.6   GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE;
                  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL ..................................... 32
         10.7   Assignor's Duties .......................................... 33
         10.8   Termination; Release ....................................... 33
         10.9   Counterparts ............................................... 34
         10.10  Severability ............................................... 34
         10.11  The Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the other
                  Secured Creditors ........................................ 34
         10.12  Additional Assignors ....................................... 35
         10.13  Second-Lien Collateral Agent ............................... 35
         10.14  Compliance with Laws ....................................... 39
         10.15  Conflicts; Intercreditor Agreement ......................... 39


ANNEX A      Schedule of Chief Executive Offices Address(es) of
             Chief Executive Office
ANNEX B      Schedule of Inventory and Equipment Locations
ANNEX C      Schedule of Legal Names, Type of Organization (and
             Whether a Registered Organization), Jurisdiction of
             Organization, Location and Organizational Identification
             Numbers
ANNEX D      Schedule of Trade and Fictitious Names
ANNEX E      Description of Certain Significant Transactions Occurring
             Within One Year Prior to the Date of the Security
             Agreement
ANNEX F      Schedule of Deposit Accounts
ANNEX G      Form of Control Agreement Regarding Deposit Accounts
ANNEX H      Schedule of Commercial Tort Claims
ANNEX I      Schedule of Marks and Applications; Internet Domain Name
             Registrations
ANNEX J      Schedule of Patents
ANNEX K      Schedule of Copyrights
ANNEX L      Grant of Security Interest in United States Trademarks
ANNEX M      Grant of Security Interest in United States Patents
ANNEX N      Grant of Security Interest in United States Copyrights


                [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank]

                                     (iii)


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>rcn2ndlienpledagmt.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.5 - SECOND LIEN PLEDGE AGMT
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 99.5


                                PLEDGE AGREEMENT


                  PLEDGE AGREEMENT (as amended, modified, restated and/or
supplemented from time to time, this "Agreement"), dated as of December 21,
2004, among each of the undersigned pledgors (each, a "Pledgor" and, together
with any other entity that becomes a pledgor hereunder pursuant to Section 30
hereof, the "Pledgors") and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as collateral
agent (the "Second-Lien Collateral Agent" together with any successor
collateral agent, the "Pledgee"), for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as
defined below). Except as otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms used
herein and defined in the Second-Lien Note Indenture (as defined below) shall
be used herein as therein defined.

                             W I T N E S S E T H :


                  WHEREAS, RCN Corporation (the "Borrower") and HSBC Bank USA,
National Association, as trustee (together with any successor trustee, the
"Second-Lien Trustee"), have entered into an Indenture, dated as of December
21, 2004 (as amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time,
the "Second-Lien Note Indenture"), providing for the issuance of Notes
("Second-Lien Notes") by the Borrower, all as contemplated therein (the holders
of Second-Lien Notes from time to time (the "Noteholders"), the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Trustee and the Pledgee are herein called the
"Secured Creditors");

                  WHEREAS, pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement, each Guarantor
has jointly and severally guaranteed to the Secured Creditors the payment when
due of all Guaranteed Obligations as described therein;

                  WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the issuance of
Second-Lien Notes by the Borrower under the Second-Lien Note Indenture that
each Pledgor shall have executed and delivered to the Pledgee this Agreement;
and

                  WHEREAS, the Borrower, various financial institutions from
time to time party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch, as
administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacity, the "First-Lien
Collateral Agent"), have entered into a credit agreement, dated as of the date
hereof (as amended, restated, modified, extended, renewed, replaced,
supplemented, restructured and/or refinanced from time to time, the "First-Lien
Credit Agreement");

                  WHEREAS, each Pledgor will obtain benefits from the issuance
of Second-Lien Notes by the Borrower and, accordingly, desires to execute this
Agreement in order to satisfy the condition described in the second preceding
paragraph; and

                  WHEREAS, each Pledgor is concurrently granting to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the holders of obligations
under the First-Lien Credit Agreement, a first priority security interest in
the Collateral (it being understood that the relative rights and priorities of
the grantees in respect of the Collateral are governed by the Intercreditor
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the "Intercreditor Agreement"), among the
Borrower, the First-Lien Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and
certain other persons party or that may become party thereto from time to
time);

                  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other
benefits accruing to each Pledgor, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, each Pledgor hereby makes the following representations
and warranties to the Pledgee for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and
hereby covenants and agrees with the Pledgee for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors as follows:

                  1. SECURITY FOR OBLIGATIONS. This Agreement is made by each
Pledgor for the benefit of the Secured Creditors to secure:

                        (i) the full and prompt payment when due (whether at
         stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all obligations,
         liabilities and indebtedness (including, without limitation,
         principal, premium, interest (including, without limitation, all
         interest that accrues after the commencement of any case, proceeding
         or other action relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
         or similar proceeding of any Pledgor or any Subsidiary thereof at the
         rate provided for in the respective documentation, whether or not a
         claim for post-petition interest is allowed in any such proceeding),
         fees, costs and indemnities) of such Pledgor owing to the Secured
         Creditors, whether now existing or hereafter incurred under, arising
         out of, or in connection with, the Second-Lien Note Indenture and the
         other Second-Lien Note Documents to which such Pledgor is a party
         (including, in the case of each Pledgor that is a Guarantor, all such
         obligations, liabilities and indebtedness of such Pledgor under its
         Guarantee Agreement) and the due performance and compliance by such
         Pledgor with all of the terms, conditions and agreements contained in
         the Second-Lien Note Indenture and in such other Second-Lien Note
         Documents (all such obligations, liabilities and indebtedness under
         this clause (i), entitled to the benefits of this Agreement being
         herein collectively called the "Second-Lien Note Document
         Obligations");

                        (ii) any and all sums advanced by the Pledgee in order
         to preserve the Collateral (as hereinafter defined) or preserve its
         security interest in the Collateral;

                        (iii) in the event of any proceeding for the collection
         or enforcement of any indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of such
         Pledgor referred to in clause (i) above, after an Event of Default
         shall have occurred and be continuing, the reasonable expenses of
         retaking, holding, preparing for sale or lease, selling or otherwise
         disposing of or realizing on the Collateral, or of any exercise by the
         Pledgee of its rights hereunder, together with reasonable attorneys'
         fees and court costs;

                        (iv) all amounts paid by any Indemnitee as to which
         such Indemnitee has the right to reimbursement under Section 11 of
         this Agreement; and

                        (v) all amounts owing to the Second-Lien Collateral
         Agent or any other agent under the Second-Lien Note Indenture or any
         of their agents or affiliates pursuant to any of the Second-Lien Note
         Documents in their capacity as such;

all such obligations, liabilities, indebtedness, sums and expenses set forth in
clauses (i) through (v) of this Section 1 being herein collectively called the
"Obligations", it being acknowledged and agreed that the "Obligations" shall
include extensions of credit of the types described above, whether outstanding
on the date of this Agreement or extended from time to time after the date of
this Agreement.

                  2. DEFINITIONS. (a) Unless otherwise defined herein, all
capitalized terms used herein and defined in the Second-Lien Note Indenture
shall be used herein as therein defined. Reference to singular terms shall
include the plural and vice versa.

                  (b) The following capitalized terms used herein shall have
the definitions specified below:

                  "Adverse Claim" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 8-102(a)(1) of the UCC.

                  "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the first
paragraph hereof.

                  "Borrower" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals
hereto.

                  "Certificated Security" shall have the meaning given such
term in Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC.

                  "Clearing Corporation" shall have the meaning given such term
in Section 8-102(a)(5) of the UCC.

                  "Collateral" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1
hereof.

                  "Collateral Accounts" shall mean any and all accounts
established and maintained by the Pledgee in the name of any Pledgor to which
Collateral may be credited.

                  "Collateral Agent Action" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 33(h) hereof.

                  "Credit Party" shall mean the Borrower and each Guarantor.

                  "Domestic Corporation" shall mean any corporation or similar
entity organized under the laws of the United States or any State or territory
thereof or the District of Columbia.

                   "Event of Default" shall mean any Event of Default under,
and as defined in, the Second-Lien Note Indenture and shall in any event
include, without limitation, any payment default on any of the Obligations
after the expiration of any applicable grace period.

                  "Exempted Foreign Entity" shall mean any Foreign Corporation
and any limited liability company organized under the laws of a jurisdiction
other than the United States or any State or Territory thereof that, in any
such case, is treated as a corporation or an association taxable as a
corporation for U.S. Federal income tax purposes.

                  "Financial Asset" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC.

                  "First-Lien Collateral Agent" has the meaning given such term
in the Recitals hereto.

                  "Foreign Corporation" shall mean any corporation or similar
entity organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United
States or any State or territory thereof or the District of Columbia.

                  "Indemnitees" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11
hereof.

                  "Instrument" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC.

                  "Intercreditor Agreement" has the meaning given such term in
the Recitals hereto.

                  "Investment Property" shall have the meaning given such term
in Section 9-102(a)(49) of the UCC.

                  "Limited Liability Company Assets" shall mean all assets,
whether tangible or intangible and whether real, personal or mixed (including,
without limitation, all limited liability company capital and interest in other
limited liability companies), at any time owned by any Pledgor or represented
by any Limited Liability Company Interest.

                  "Limited Liability Company Interests" shall mean the entire
limited liability company membership interest at any time owned by any Pledgor
in any limited liability company.

                  "Location" of any Pledgor has the meaning given such term in
Section 9-307 of the UCC.

                  "Majority Noteholders" shall mean the holders of not less
than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Second-Lien Notes at the
time outstanding (as determined in accordance with Section 9.4 of the
Second-Lien Note Indenture).

                  "Non-Voting Equity Interests" shall mean all Equity Interests
of any Person which are not Voting Equity Interests.

                  "Noteholders" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.

                  "Notes" shall mean all promissory notes, including all
intercompany notes at any time issued to any Pledgor.

                   "Obligations" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1
hereof.

                  "Partnership Assets" shall mean all assets, whether tangible
or intangible and whether real, personal or mixed (including, without
limitation, all partnership capital and interest in other partnerships), at any
time owned by any Pledgor or represented by any Partnership Interest.

                  "Partnership Interest" shall mean the entire general
partnership interest or limited partnership interest at any time owned by any
Pledgor in any general partnership or limited partnership.

                  "Pledged Notes" shall mean all Notes at any time pledged or
required to be pledged hereunder.

                  "Pledgee" shall have the meaning set forth in the first
paragraph hereof.

                  "Pledgor" shall have the meaning set forth in the first
paragraph hereof.

                  "Proceeds" shall have the meaning given such term in Section
9-102(a)(64) of the UCC.

                  "Registered Organization" shall have the meaning given such
term in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the UCC.

                  "Second-Lien Collateral Agent" shall have the meaning set
forth in the recitals hereto.

                  "Second-Lien Note Documents" shall mean the "Transaction
Documents" as defined in the Second-Lien Note Indenture.

                  "Second-Lien Note Document Obligations" shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 1(i) hereof.

                  "Second-Lien Note Indenture" shall have the meaning set forth
in the recitals hereto.

                  "Second-Lien Trustee" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.

                  "Secured Creditors" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.

                  "Secured Debt Agreements" shall mean and includes this
Agreement and the other Second-Lien Note Documents.

                  "Securities Account" shall have the meaning given such term
in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC.

                  "Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, as in effect from time to time.

                  "Securities Intermediary" shall have the meaning given such
term in Section 8-102(14) of the UCC.

                  "Security" and "Securities" shall have the meaning given such
term in Section 8-102(a)(15) of the UCC and shall in any event also include all
Stock and all Notes.

                  "Security Entitlement" shall have the meaning given such term
in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC.

                  "Specified Default" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5 hereof.

                  "Stock" shall mean all of the issued and outstanding shares
of capital stock or similar equity interests of any Domestic Corporation or
Foreign Corporation at any time owned by any Pledgor.

                   "Termination Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 20 hereof.

                  "Transmitting Utility" has the meaning given such term in
Section 9-102(a)(80) of the UCC.

                  "UCC" shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in
the State of New York from time to time; provided that all references herein to
specific Sections or subsections of the UCC are references to such Sections or
subsections, as the case may be, of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in
the State of New York on the date hereof.

                  "Uncertificated Security" shall have the meaning given such
term in Section 8-102(a)(18) of the UCC.

                  "Voting Equity Interests" of any Person shall mean all
classes of Equity Interests of such Person entitled to vote.

                  3. PLEDGE OF SECURITIES, ETC.

                  3.1 Pledge. To secure the Obligations now or hereafter owed
or to be performed by such Pledgor (but the rights and remedies between the
First-Lien Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent are subject to
the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement), each Pledgor does hereby grant,
pledge and assign to the Pledgee for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, and
does hereby create a continuing security interest (subject to those Liens
permitted to exist with respect to the Collateral pursuant to the terms of all
Secured Debt Agreements then in effect) in favor of the Pledgee for the benefit
of the Secured Creditors in, all of its right, title and interest in and to the
following, whether now existing or hereafter from time to time acquired
(collectively, the "Collateral"):

                  (a) each of the Collateral Accounts (to the extent a security
         interest therein is not created pursuant to the Security Agreement),
         including any and all assets of whatever type or kind deposited by
         such Pledgor in any such Collateral Account, whether now owned or
         hereafter acquired, existing or arising, including, without
         limitation, all Financial Assets, Investment Property, monies, checks,
         drafts, Instruments, Securities or interests therein of any type or
         nature deposited or required by the Second-Lien Note Indenture or any
         other Secured Debt Agreement to be deposited in such Collateral
         Account, and all investments and all certificates and other
         Instruments (including depository receipts, if any) from time to time
         representing or evidencing the same, and all dividends, interest,
         distributions, cash and other property from time to time received,
         receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for
         any or all of the foregoing;

                  (b) all Securities owned or held by such Pledgor from time to
         time and all options and warrants owned by such Pledgor from time to
         time to purchase Securities;

                  (c) all Limited Liability Company Interests owned by such
         Pledgor from time to time and all of its right, title and interest in
         each limited liability company to which each such Limited Liability
         Company Interest relates, whether now existing or hereafter acquired,
         including, without limitation, to the fullest extent permitted under
         the terms and provisions of the documents and agreements governing
         such Limited Liability Company Interests and applicable law:

                        (A) all its capital therein and its interest in all
                  profits, income, surpluses, losses, Limited Liability Company
                  Assets and other distributions to which such Pledgor shall at
                  any time be entitled in respect of such Limited Liability
                  Company Interests;

                        (B) all other payments due or to become due to such
                  Pledgor in respect of Limited Liability Company Interests,
                  whether under any limited liability company agreement or
                  otherwise, whether as contractual obligations, damages,
                  insurance proceeds or otherwise;

                        (C) all of its claims, rights, powers, privileges,
                  authority, options, security interests, liens and remedies,
                  if any, under any limited liability company agreement or
                  operating agreement, or at law or otherwise in respect of
                  such Limited Liability Company Interests;

                        (D) all present and future claims, if any, of such
                  Pledgor against any such limited liability company for monies
                  loaned or advanced, for services rendered or otherwise;

                        (E) all of such Pledgor's rights under any limited
                  liability company agreement or operating agreement or at law
                  to exercise and enforce every right, power, remedy,
                  authority, option and privilege of such Pledgor relating to
                  such Limited Liability Company Interests, including any power
                  to terminate, cancel or modify any such limited liability
                  company agreement or operating agreement, to execute any
                  instruments and to take any and all other action on behalf of
                  and in the name of any of such Pledgor in respect of such
                  Limited Liability Company Interests and any such limited
                  liability company, to make determinations, to exercise any
                  election (including, but not limited to, election of
                  remedies) or option or to give or receive any notice,
                  consent, amendment, waiver or approval, together with full
                  power and authority to demand, receive, enforce, collect or
                  receipt for any of the foregoing or for any Limited Liability
                  Company Asset, to enforce or execute any checks, or other
                  instruments or orders, to file any claims and to take any
                  action in connection with any of the foregoing; and

                        (F) all other property hereafter delivered in
                  substitution for or in addition to any of the foregoing, all
                  certificates and instruments representing or evidencing such
                  other property and all cash, securities, interest, dividends,
                  rights and other property at any time and from time to time
                  received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of
                  or in exchange for any or all thereof;

                  (d) all Partnership Interests owned by such Pledgor from time
to time and all of its right, title and interest in each partnership to which
each such Partnership Interest relates, whether now existing or hereafter
acquired, including, without limitation, to the fullest extent permitted under
the terms and provisions of the documents and agreements governing such
Partnership Interests and applicable law:

                        (A) all its capital therein and its interest in all
                  profits, income, surpluses, losses, Partnership Assets and
                  other distributions to which such Pledgor shall at any time
                  be entitled in respect of such Partnership Interests;

                        (B) all other payments due or to become due to such
                  Pledgor in respect of Partnership Interests, whether under
                  any partnership agreement or otherwise, whether as
                  contractual obligations, damages, insurance proceeds or
                  otherwise;

                        (C) all of its claims, rights, powers, privileges,
                  authority, options, security interests, liens and remedies,
                  if any, under any partnership agreement or operating
                  agreement, or at law or otherwise in respect of such
                  Partnership Interests;

                        (D) all present and future claims, if any, of such
                  Pledgor against any such partnership for monies loaned or
                  advanced, for services rendered or otherwise;

                        (E) all of such Pledgor's rights under any partnership
                  agreement or operating agreement or at law to exercise and
                  enforce every right, power, remedy, authority, option and
                  privilege of such Pledgor relating to such Partnership
                  Interests, including any power to terminate, cancel or modify
                  any partnership agreement or operating agreement, to execute
                  any instruments and to take any and all other action on
                  behalf of and in the name of such Pledgor in respect of such
                  Partnership Interests and any such partnership, to make
                  determinations, to exercise any election (including, but not
                  limited to, election of remedies) or option or to give or
                  receive any notice, consent, amendment, waiver or approval,
                  together with full power and authority to demand, receive,
                  enforce, collect or receipt for any of the foregoing or for
                  any Partnership Asset, to enforce or execute any checks, or
                  other instruments or orders, to file any claims and to take
                  any action in connection with any of the foregoing; and

                        (F) all other property hereafter delivered in
                  substitution for or in addition to any of the foregoing, all
                  certificates and instruments representing or evidencing such
                  other property and all cash, securities, interest, dividends,
                  rights and other property at any time and from time to time
                  received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of
                  or in exchange for any or all thereof;

                  (e) all Financial Assets and Investment Property owned by
such Pledgor from time to time;

                  (f) all Security Entitlements owned by such Pledgor from time
to time in any and all of the foregoing; and

                  (g) all Proceeds of any and all of the foregoing.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no Pledgor shall be
required at any time to pledge hereunder (x) to the extent such equity
interests are the property of the Pledgor any limited liability company
interests of Starpower Communications, LLC for so long as the organizational
documents of such entity prohibits the granting of a security interest in such
limited liability company interests; provided that a security interest shall
attach immediately upon (and the exclusion to this clause (x) shall no longer
apply at any time after) the consummation of the Starpower Acquisition, (y) to
the extent such equity interests are the property of the Pledgor, any equity
interests of Megacable, S.A. de C.V., MCM Holdings, S.A. de C.V. and Megacable
Telecommunicaciones, S.A. de C.V. for so long as the organizational documents
of such entities prohibits the granting of a security interest in such equity
interests; provided that such security interest shall attach immediately when
such prohibition is no longer in effect or (z) more than 65% of the Voting
Equity Interest of any Foreign Corporation; provided that each Pledgor shall be
required to pledge hereunder 100% of any Non-Voting Equity Interest at any time
and from time to time acquired by such Pledgor of any Foreign Corporation.

                  3.2 Procedures. (a) To the extent that any Pledgor at any
time or from time to time owns, acquires or obtains any right, title or
interest in any Collateral, such Collateral shall automatically (and without
the taking of any action by such Pledgor) be pledged pursuant to Section 3.1 of
this Agreement and, in addition thereto (but subject to the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement), such Pledgor shall (to the extent provided below and
not inconsistent with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) take the
following actions as set forth below (as promptly as practicable and, in any
event, within 10 days after it obtains such Collateral) for the benefit of the
Pledgee and the other Secured Creditors:

                  (i) with respect to a Certificated Security (other than a
         Certificated Security credited on the books of a Clearing Corporation
         or Securities Intermediary), such Pledgor shall physically deliver
         such Certificated Security to the Pledgee, endorsed to the Pledgee or
         endorsed in blank;

                  (ii) with respect to an Uncertificated Security (other than
         an Uncertificated Security credited on the books of a Clearing
         Corporation or Securities Intermediary), such Pledgor shall cause the
         issuer of such Uncertificated Security to duly authorize, execute, and
         deliver to the Pledgee, an agreement for the benefit of the Pledgee
         and the other Secured Creditors substantially in the form of Annex H
         hereto (appropriately completed to the satisfaction of the Pledgee and
         with such modifications, if any, as shall be satisfactory to the
         Pledgee) pursuant to which such issuer agrees to comply with any and
         all instructions originated by the Pledgee in accordance with this
         Agreement without further consent by the registered owner and not to
         comply with instructions regarding such Uncertificated Security (and
         any Partnership Interests and Limited Liability Company Interests
         issued by such issuer) originated by any other Person other than a
         court of competent jurisdiction;

                  (iii) with respect to a Certificated Security, Uncertificated
         Security, Partnership Interest or Limited Liability Company Interest
         credited on the books of a Clearing Corporation or Securities
         Intermediary (including a Federal Reserve Bank, Participants Trust
         Company or The Depository Trust Company), such Pledgor shall promptly
         notify the Pledgee thereof and shall promptly take (x) all actions
         required (i) to comply with the applicable rules of such Clearing
         Corporation or Securities Intermediary and (ii) to perfect the
         security interest of the Pledgee under applicable law (including, in
         any event, under Sections 9-314(a), (b) and (c), 9-106 and 8-106(d) of
         the UCC) and (y) such other actions as the Pledgee deems necessary or
         desirable to effect the foregoing;

                  (iv) with respect to a Partnership Interest or a Limited
         Liability Company Interest (other than a Partnership Interest or
         Limited Liability Company Interest credited on the books of a Clearing
         Corporation or Securities Intermediary), (1) if such Partnership
         Interest or Limited Liability Company Interest is represented by a
         certificate and is a Security for purposes of the UCC, the procedure
         set forth in Section 3.2(a)(i) hereof, and (2) if such Partnership
         Interest or Limited Liability Company Interest is not represented by a
         certificate or is not a Security for purposes of the UCC, the
         procedure set forth in Section 3.2(a)(ii) hereof;

                  (v) with respect to any Note, physical delivery of such Note
         to the Pledgee, endorsed in blank, or, at the request of the Pledgee,
         endorsed to the Pledgee; and

                  (vi) with respect to cash proceeds from any of the Collateral
         described in Section 3.1 hereof, (i) establishment by the Pledgee of a
         cash account in the name of such Pledgor over which the Pledgee shall
         have "control" within the meaning of the UCC and at any time any Event
         of Default is in existence no withdrawals or transfers may be made
         therefrom by any Person except with the prior written consent of the
         Pledgee and (ii) deposit of such cash in such cash account.

                  (b) In addition to the actions required to be taken pursuant
to Section 3.2(a) hereof, each Pledgor shall take the following additional
actions with respect to the Collateral:

                  (i) with respect to all Collateral of such Pledgor whereby or
         with respect to which the Pledgee may obtain "control" thereof within
         the meaning of Section 8-106 of the UCC (or under any provision of the
         UCC as same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, or under
         the laws of any relevant State other than the State of New York), such
         Pledgor shall take all actions (to the extent not inconsistent with
         the Intercreditor Agreement) so that "control" of such Collateral is
         obtained and at all times held by the Pledgee; and

                  (ii) each Pledgor shall from time to time cause appropriate
         financing statements (on appropriate forms) under the Uniform
         Commercial Code as in effect in the various relevant States, covering
         all Collateral hereunder (with the form of such financing statements
         to be satisfactory to the Pledgee), to be filed in the relevant filing
         offices so that at all times the Pledgee's security interest in all
         Investment Property and other Collateral which can be perfected by the
         filing of such financing statements (in each case to the maximum
         extent perfection by filing may be obtained under the laws of the
         relevant States, including, without limitation, Section 9-312(a) of
         the UCC) is so perfected.

                  3.3 Subsequently Acquired Collateral. If any Pledgor shall
acquire (by purchase, stock dividend, distribution or otherwise) any additional
Collateral at any time or from time to time after the date hereof, (i) such
Collateral shall automatically (and without any further action being required
to be taken) be subject to the pledge and security interests created pursuant
to Section 3.1 hereof and, furthermore, such Pledgor will, to the extent not
inconsistent with the Intercreditor Agreement, thereafter take (or cause to be
taken) all action (as promptly as practicable and, in any event, within 10 days
after it obtains such Collateral) with respect to such Collateral in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Section 3.2 hereof and the Intercreditor
Agreement, and will, to the extent not inconsistent with the Intercreditor
Agreement, promptly thereafter deliver to the Pledgee (i) a certificate
executed by an authorized officer of such Pledgor describing such Collateral
and certifying that the same has been duly pledged in favor of the Pledgee (for
the benefit of the Secured Creditors) hereunder and (ii) supplements to Annexes
A through G hereto as are necessary to cause such Annexes to be complete and
accurate at such time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Pledgor shall be
required to pledge hereunder the equity interests of any Exempted Foreign
Entity.

                  3.4 Transfer Taxes. Each pledge of Collateral under Section
3.1 or Section 3.3 hereof shall be accompanied by any transfer tax stamps
required in connection with the pledge of such Collateral.

                  3.5 Certain Representations and Warranties Regarding the
Collateral. Each Pledgor represents and warrants that on the date hereof: (i)
each Subsidiary of such Pledgor, and the direct ownership thereof, is listed in
Annex B hereto; (ii) the Stock (and any warrants or options to purchase Stock)
held by such Pledgor consists of the number and type of shares of the stock (or
warrants or options to purchase any stock) of the corporations as described in
Annex C hereto; (iii) such Stock referenced in clause (ii) of this paragraph
constitutes that percentage of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the
issuing corporation as is set forth in Annex C hereto; (iv) the Notes held by
such Pledgor consist of the promissory notes described in Annex D hereto where
such Pledgor is listed as the lender; (v) the Limited Liability Company
Interests held by such Pledgor consist of the number and type of interests of
the Persons described in Annex E hereto; (vi) each such Limited Liability
Company Interest referenced in clause (v) of this paragraph constitutes that
percentage of the issued and outstanding equity interest of the issuing Person
as set forth in Annex E hereto; (vii) the Partnership Interests held by such
Pledgor consist of the number and type of interests of the Persons described in
Annex F hereto; (viii) each such Partnership Interest referenced in clause
(viii) of this paragraph constitutes that percentage or portion of the entire
partnership interest of the Partnership as set forth in Annex F hereto; (ix)
the exact address of each chief executive office of such Pledgor is listed on
Annex G hereto; (x) the Pledgor has complied with the respective procedure set
forth in Section 3.2(a) hereof with respect to each item of Collateral
described in Annexes C through F hereto; and (xi) on the date hereof, such
Pledgor owns no other Securities, Stock, Notes, Limited Liability Company
Interests or Partnership Interests.

                  4. APPOINTMENT OF SUB-AGENTS; ENDORSEMENTS, ETC. Subject to
the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Pledgee shall have the right to
appoint one or more sub-agents for the purpose of retaining physical possession
of the Collateral, which may be held (in the discretion of the Pledgee) in the
name of the relevant Pledgor, endorsed or assigned in blank or in favor of the
Pledgee or any nominee or nominees of the Pledgee or a sub-agent appointed by
the Pledgee.

                  5. VOTING, ETC., WHILE NO EVENT OF DEFAULT OR SPECIFIED
DEFAULT. Unless and until there shall have occurred and be continuing any Event
of Default under the Second-Lien Note Indenture or a Default under Section
7.1(a) or 7.1(g) of the Second-Lien Note Indenture (each such Default, a
"Specified Default"), each Pledgor shall be entitled to exercise any and all
voting and other consensual rights pertaining to the Collateral owned by it,
and to give consents, waivers or ratifications in respect thereof; provided
that, in each case, no vote shall be cast or any consent, waiver or
ratification given or any action taken or omitted to be taken which would
violate, result in a breach of any covenant contained in, or be inconsistent
with any of the terms of any Secured Debt Agreement, or which could reasonably
be expected to have the effect of impairing the value of the Collateral or any
part thereof or the position or interests of the Pledgee or any other Secured
Creditor in the Collateral, unless expressly permitted by the terms of the
Secured Debt Agreements. All such rights of each Pledgor to vote and to give
consents, waivers and ratifications shall cease in case an Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing, and Section 7 hereof shall become applicable.

                  6. DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS. Subject to the terms of
the Intercreditor Agreement, unless and until there shall have occurred and be
continuing an Event of Default, all cash dividends, cash distributions, cash
Proceeds and other cash amounts payable in respect of the Collateral shall be
paid to the respective Pledgor. The Pledgee shall be entitled to receive
directly, and to retain as part of the Collateral:

                  (i) all other or additional stock, notes, certificates,
         limited liability company interests, partnership interests,
         instruments or other securities or property (including, but not
         limited to, cash dividends other than as set forth above) paid or
         distributed by way of dividend or otherwise in respect of the
         Collateral;

                  (ii) all other or additional stock, notes, certificates,
         limited liability company interests, partnership interests,
         instruments or other securities or property (including, but not
         limited to, cash (although such cash may be paid directly to the
         respective Pledgor so long as no Event of Default then exists)) paid
         or distributed in respect of the Collateral by way of stock-split,
         spin-off, split-up, reclassification, combination of shares or similar
         rearrangement; and

                  (iii) all other or additional stock, notes, certificates,
         limited liability company interests, partnership interests,
         instruments or other securities or property (including, but not
         limited to, cash) which may be paid in respect of the Collateral by
         reason of any consolidation, merger, exchange of stock, conveyance of
         assets, liquidation or similar corporate or other reorganization.

Except as otherwise provided in the Intercreditor Agreement, nothing contained
in this Section 6 shall limit or restrict in any way the Pledgee's right to
receive the proceeds of the Collateral in any form in accordance with Section 3
of this Agreement. To the extent not inconsistent with the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement, all dividends, distributions or other payments which
are received by any Pledgor contrary to the provisions of this Section 6 or
Section 7 hereof shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Pledgee,
shall be segregated from other property or funds of such Pledgor and shall be
forthwith paid over to the Pledgee as Collateral in the same form as so
received (with any necessary endorsement).

                  7. REMEDIES IN CASE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT OR A SPECIFIED
DEFAULT. (a) If there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of
Default, then and in every such case, to the extent not inconsistent with the
terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Pledgee shall be entitled to exercise
all of the rights, powers and remedies (whether vested in it by this Agreement,
any other Secured Debt Agreement or by law) for the protection and enforcement
of its rights in respect of the Collateral, and the Pledgee shall be entitled
to exercise all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC as in
effect in any relevant jurisdiction and also shall be entitled, without
limitation, to exercise the following rights, which each Pledgor hereby agrees
to be commercially reasonable:

                  (i) to receive all amounts payable in respect of the
         Collateral otherwise payable under Section 6 hereof to the respective
         Pledgor;

                  (ii) to transfer all or any part of the Collateral into the
         Pledgee's name or the name of its nominee or nominees;

                  (iii) to accelerate any Pledged Note which may be accelerated
         in accordance with its terms, and take any other lawful action to
         collect upon any Pledged Note (including, without limitation, to make
         any demand for payment thereon);

                  (iv) to vote (and exercise all rights and powers in respect
         of voting) all or any part of the Collateral (whether or not
         transferred into the name of the Pledgee) and give all consents,
         waivers and ratifications in respect of the Collateral and otherwise
         act with respect thereto as though it were the outright owner thereof
         (each Pledgor hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing the
         Pledgee the proxy and attorney-in-fact of such Pledgor, with full
         power of substitution to do so);

                  (v) at any time and from time to time to sell, assign and
         deliver, or grant options to purchase, all or any part of the
         Collateral, or any interest therein, at any public or private sale,
         without demand of performance, advertisement or, notice of intention
         to sell or of the time or place of sale or adjournment thereof or to
         redeem or otherwise purchase or dispose (all of which are hereby
         waived by each Pledgor), for cash, on credit or for other property,
         for immediate or future delivery without any assumption of credit
         risk, and for such price or prices and on such terms as the Pledgee in
         its absolute discretion may determine, provided at least 10 days'
         written notice of the time and place of any such sale shall be given
         to the respective Pledgor. The Pledgee shall not be obligated to make
         any such sale of Collateral regardless of whether any such notice of
         sale has theretofore been given. Each Pledgor hereby waives and
         releases to the fullest extent permitted by law any right or equity of
         redemption with respect to the Collateral, whether before or after
         sale hereunder, and all rights, if any, of marshalling the Collateral
         and any other security or the Obligations or otherwise. At any such
         sale, unless prohibited by applicable law, the Pledgee on behalf of
         the Secured Creditors may bid for and purchase all or any part of the
         Collateral so sold free from any such right or equity of redemption.
         Neither the Pledgee nor any other Secured Creditor shall be liable for
         failure to collect or realize upon any or all of the Collateral or for
         any delay in so doing nor shall any of them be under any obligation to
         take any action whatsoever with regard thereto; and

                  (vi) to set off any and all Collateral against any and all
         Obligations, and to withdraw any and all cash or other Collateral from
         any and all Collateral Accounts and to apply such cash and other
         Collateral to the payment of any and all Obligations.

                  (b) If there shall have occurred and be continuing a
Specified Default, then and in every such case but subject to the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement, the Pledgee shall be entitled to vote (and exercise
all rights and powers in respect of voting) all or any part of the Collateral
(whether or not transferred into the name of the Pledgee) and give all
consents, waivers and ratifications in respect of the Collateral and otherwise
act with respect thereto as though it were the outright owner thereof (each
Pledgor hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing the Pledgee the proxy
and attorney-in-fact of such Pledgor, with full power of substitution to do
so).

                  8. REMEDIES, CUMULATIVE, ETC. Each and every right, power and
remedy of the Pledgee provided for in this Agreement or in any other Secured
Debt Agreement (including, without limitation, the Intercreditor Agreement), or
now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute shall be cumulative
and concurrent and shall be in addition to every other such right, power or
remedy. The exercise or beginning of the exercise by the Pledgee or any other
Secured Creditor of any one or more of the rights, powers or remedies provided
for in this Agreement or any other Secured Debt Agreement (including, without
limitation, the Intercreditor Agreement) or now or hereafter existing at law or
in equity or by statute or otherwise shall not preclude the simultaneous or
later exercise by the Pledgee or any other Secured Creditor of all such other
rights, powers or remedies, and no failure or delay on the part of the Pledgee
or any other Secured Creditor to exercise any such right, power or remedy shall
operate as a waiver thereof. No notice to or demand on any Pledgor in any case
shall entitle it to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other
circumstances or constitute a waiver of any of the rights of the Pledgee or any
other Secured Creditor to any other or further action in any circumstances
without notice or demand. The Secured Creditors agree that this Agreement may
be enforced only by the action of the Pledgee, in each case, acting upon the
instructions of the Majority Noteholders, and that no other Secured Creditor
shall have any right individually to seek to enforce or to enforce this
Agreement or to realize upon the security to be granted hereby, it being
understood and agreed that such rights and remedies may be exercised by the
Pledgee for the benefit of the Secured Creditors upon the terms of this
Agreement and the Security Agreement.

                  9. APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS. (a) All monies collected by the
Pledgee upon any sale or other disposition of the Collateral pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement, together with all other monies received by the Pledgee
hereunder, shall be applied in the manner provided in the Security Agreement.

                  (b) It is understood and agreed that each Pledgor shall
remain jointly and severally liable with respect to its Obligations to the
extent of any deficiency between the amount of the proceeds of the Collateral
pledged by it hereunder and the aggregate amount of such Obligations.

                  10. PURCHASERS OF COLLATERAL. Upon any sale of the Collateral
by the Pledgee hereunder (whether by virtue of the power of sale herein
granted, pursuant to judicial process or otherwise), the receipt of the Pledgee
or the officer making such sale shall be a sufficient discharge to the
purchaser or purchasers of the Collateral so sold, and such purchaser or
purchasers shall not be obligated to see to the application of any part of the
purchase money paid over to the Pledgee or such officer or be answerable in any
way for the misapplication or nonapplication thereof.

                  11. INDEMNITY. Each Pledgor jointly and severally agrees (i)
to indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the Pledgee and each other Secured
Creditor and their respective successors, assigns, employees, agents and
affiliates (individually an "Indemnitee", and collectively, the "Indemnitees")
from and against any and all obligations, damages, injuries, penalties, claims,
demands, losses, judgments and liabilities (including, without limitation,
liabilities for penalties) of whatsoever kind or nature, and (ii) to reimburse
each Indemnitee for all reasonable costs, expenses and disbursements, including
reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, in each case arising out of or
resulting from this Agreement or the exercise by any Indemnitee of any right or
remedy granted to it hereunder or under any other Secured Debt Agreement (but
excluding any obligations, damages, injuries, penalties, claims, demands,
losses, judgments and liabilities (including, without limitation, liabilities
for penalties) or expenses of whatsoever kind or nature to the extent incurred
or arising by reason of gross negligence or willful misconduct of such
Indemnitee (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and
non-appealable decision)). In no event shall the Pledgee hereunder be liable,
in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on its part (as
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable
decision), for any matter or thing in connection with this Agreement other than
to account for monies or other property actually received by it in accordance
with the terms hereof. If and to the extent that the obligations of any Pledgor
under this Section 11 are unenforceable for any reason, such Pledgor hereby
agrees to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of such
obligations which is permissible under applicable law. The indemnity
obligations of each Pledgor contained in this Section 11 shall continue in full
force and effect notwithstanding the full payment of all the Second-Lien Notes
issued under the Second-Lien Note Indenture and the payment of all other
Obligations and notwithstanding the discharge thereof.

                  12. PLEDGEE NOT A PARTNER OR LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
MEMBER. (a) Nothing herein shall be construed to make the Pledgee or any other
Secured Creditor liable as a member of any limited liability company or as a
partner of any partnership and neither the Pledgee nor any other Secured
Creditor by virtue of this Agreement or otherwise (except as referred to in the
following sentence) shall have any of the duties, obligations or liabilities of
a member of any limited liability company or as a partner in any partnership.
The parties hereto expressly agree that, unless the Pledgee shall become the
absolute owner of Collateral consisting of a Limited Liability Company Interest
or a Partnership Interest pursuant hereto, this Agreement shall not be
construed as creating a partnership or joint venture among the Pledgee, any
other Secured Creditor, any Pledgor and/or any other Person.

                  (b) Except as provided in the last sentence of paragraph (a)
of this Section 12, the Pledgee, by accepting this Agreement, did not intend to
become a member of any limited liability company or a partner of any
partnership or otherwise be deemed to be a co-venturer with respect to any
Pledgor, any limited liability company, partnership and/or any other Person
either before or after an Event of Default shall have occurred. The Pledgee
shall have only those powers set forth herein and the Secured Creditors shall
assume none of the duties, obligations or liabilities of a member of any
limited liability company or as a partner of any partnership or any Pledgor
except as provided in the last sentence of paragraph (a) of this Section 12.

                  (c) The Pledgee and the other Secured Creditors shall not be
obligated to perform or discharge any obligation of any Pledgor as a result of
the pledge hereby effected.

                  (d) The acceptance by the Pledgee of this Agreement, with all
the rights, powers, privileges and authority so created, shall not at any time
or in any event obligate the Pledgee or any other Secured Creditor to appear in
or defend any action or proceeding relating to the Collateral to which it is
not a party, or to take any action hereunder or thereunder, or to expend any
money or incur any expenses or perform or discharge any obligation, duty or
liability under the Collateral.

                  13. FURTHER ASSURANCES; POWER-OF-ATTORNEY. (a) Each Pledgor
agrees that it will join with the Pledgee in executing and, at such Pledgor's
own expense, file and refile under the UCC or other applicable law such
financing statements, continuation statements and other documents, in form
reasonably acceptable to the Pledgee, in such filing offices as may be
reasonably necessary or appropriate (to the extent not inconsistent with the
Intercreditor Agreement) and wherever required or permitted by law in order to
perfect and preserve the Pledgee's security interest in the Collateral
hereunder and hereby authorizes the Pledgee to file financing statements and
amendments thereto relative to all or any part of the Collateral (including,
without limitation, (x) financing statements which list the Collateral
specifically and/or "all assets" as collateral and (y) "in lieu of" financing
statements) without the signature of such Pledgor where permitted by law, and
agrees to do such further acts and to execute and deliver to the Pledgee such
additional conveyances, assignments, agreements and instruments as the Pledgee
may reasonably require or deem advisable to carry into effect the purposes of
this Agreement or to further assure and confirm unto the Pledgee its rights,
powers and remedies hereunder or thereunder.

                  (b) Each Pledgor hereby constitutes and appoints the Pledgee
its true and lawful attorney-in-fact, irrevocably, with full authority in the
place and stead of such Pledgor and in the name of such Pledgor or otherwise,
from time to time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event
of Default, in the Pledgee's discretion, to act, require, demand, receive and
give acquittance for any and all monies and claims for monies due or to become
due to such Pledgor under or arising out of the Collateral, to endorse any
checks or other instruments or orders in connection therewith and to file any
claims or take any action or institute any proceedings and to execute any
instrument which the Pledgee may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the
purposes of this Agreement, which appointment as attorney is coupled with an
interest.

                  14. THE PLEDGEE AS SECOND-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT. Subject to
the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Pledgee will hold in accordance
with this Agreement all items of the Collateral at any time received under this
Agreement. It is expressly understood, acknowledged and agreed by each Secured
Creditor that by accepting the benefits of this Agreement each such Secured
Creditor acknowledges and agrees that the obligations of the Pledgee as holder
of the Collateral and interests therein and with respect to the disposition
thereof, and otherwise under this Agreement, are only those expressly set forth
in this Agreement and in Article IV of the Second-Lien Note Indenture. The
Pledgee shall act hereunder on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in
the Second-Lien Note Indenture.

                  15. TRANSFER BY THE PLEDGORS. Except as permitted (i) prior
to the date all Second-Lien Note Document Obligations have been paid in full
pursuant to the Second-Lien Note Indenture, and (ii) thereafter, pursuant to
the other Secured Debt Agreements, no Pledgor will sell or otherwise dispose
of, grant any option with respect to, or mortgage, pledge or otherwise encumber
any of the Collateral or any interest therein.

                  16. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE
PLEDGORS. (a) Each Pledgor represents, warrants and covenants as to itself and
each of its Subsidiaries that:

                  (i) it is the legal, beneficial and record owner of, and has
         good and marketable title to, all of its Collateral consisting of one
         or more Securities, Partnership Interests and Limited Liability
         Company Interests and that it has sufficient interest in all of its
         Collateral in which a security interest is purported to be created
         hereunder for such security interest to attach (subject, in each case,
         to no pledge, lien, mortgage, hypothecation, security interest,
         charge, option, Adverse Claim or other encumbrance whatsoever, except
         the liens and security interests created by this Agreement or
         permitted under the Secured Debt Agreements);

                  (ii) it has full power, authority and legal right to pledge
         all the Collateral pledged by it pursuant to this Agreement;

                  (iii) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and
         delivered by such Pledgor and constitutes a legal, valid and binding
         obligation of such Pledgor enforceable against such Pledgor in
         accordance with its terms, except to the extent that the
         enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
         insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting
         creditors' rights generally and by general equitable principles
         (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law);

                  (iv) except to the extent already obtained or made, no
         consent of any other party (including, without limitation, any
         stockholder, partner, member or creditor of such Pledgor or any of its
         Subsidiaries) and no consent, license, permit, approval or
         authorization of, exemption by, notice or report to, or registration,
         filing or declaration with, any governmental authority is required to
         be obtained by such Pledgor in connection with (a) the execution,
         delivery or performance of this Agreement by such Pledgor, (b) the
         validity or enforceability of this Agreement against such Pledgor
         (except as set forth in clause (iii) above), (c) the perfection or
         enforceability of the Pledgee's security interest in such Pledgor's
         Collateral or (d) except for compliance with or as may be required by
         applicable securities laws, the exercise by the Pledgee of any of its
         rights or remedies provided herein;

                  (v) neither the execution, delivery or performance by such
         Pledgor of this Agreement, or any other Secured Debt Agreement to
         which it is a party, nor compliance by it with the terms and
         provisions hereof and thereof nor the consummation of the transactions
         contemplated therein: (i) will contravene any provision of any
         applicable law, statute, rule or regulation, or any applicable order,
         writ, injunction or decree of any court, arbitrator or governmental
         instrumentality, domestic or foreign, applicable to such Pledgor; (ii)
         will conflict or be inconsistent with or result in any breach of any
         of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a
         default under, or result in the creation or imposition of (or the
         obligation to create or impose) any Lien (except pursuant to the
         Security Documents) upon any of the properties or assets of such
         Pledgor or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any
         indenture, material lease, material mortgage, material deed of trust,
         credit agreement, loan agreement or any other material agreement,
         contract or other instrument to which such Pledgor or any of its
         Subsidiaries is a party or is otherwise bound, or by which it or any
         of its properties or assets is bound or to which it may be subject; or
         (iii) will violate any provision of the certificate of incorporation,
         by-laws, certificate of partnership, partnership agreement,
         certificate of formation or limited liability company agreement (or
         equivalent organizational documents), as the case may be, of such
         Pledgor or any of its Subsidiaries;

                  (vi) all of such Pledgor's Collateral (consisting of
         Securities, Limited Liability Company Interests and Partnership
         Interests) has been duly and validly issued, is fully paid and
         non-assessable and is subject to no options to purchase or similar
         rights;

                  (vii) each of such Pledgor's Pledged Notes constitutes, or
         when executed by the obligor thereof will constitute, the legal, valid
         and binding obligation of such obligor, enforceable in accordance with
         its terms, except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be
         limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
         moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally
         and by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement
         is sought in equity or at law);

                  (viii) the pledge, collateral assignment and delivery to the
         Pledgee of such Pledgor's Collateral consisting of Certificated
         Securities and Pledged Notes pursuant to this Agreement creates a
         valid and perfected second priority security interest in such
         Certificated Securities and Pledged Notes (subject in priority to the
         Lien of the First-Lien Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms
         of the Intercreditor Agreement), and the proceeds thereof, subject to
         no prior Lien or encumbrance or to any agreement purporting to grant
         to any third party a Lien or encumbrance on the property or assets of
         such Pledgor which would include the Securities (other than the liens
         and security interests permitted under the Secured Debt Agreements
         then in effect) and the Pledgee is entitled to all the rights,
         priorities and benefits afforded by the UCC or other relevant law as
         enacted in any relevant jurisdiction to perfect security interests in
         respect of such Collateral; and

                  (ix) "control" (as defined in Section 8-106 of the UCC) has
         been obtained by the Pledgee over all of such Pledgor's Collateral
         consisting of Securities (including, without limitation, Notes which
         are Securities) with respect to which such "control" may be obtained
         pursuant to Section 8-106 of the UCC, except to the extent that the
         obligation of the applicable Pledgor to provide the Pledgee with
         "control" of such Collateral has not yet arisen under this Agreement;
         provided that in the case of the Pledgee obtaining "control" over
         Collateral consisting of a Security Entitlement, such Pledgor shall
         have taken all steps in its control so that the Pledgee obtains
         "control" over such Security Entitlement.

                  (b) Each Pledgor covenants and agrees that it will defend the
Pledgee's right, title and security interest in and to such Pledgor's
Collateral and the proceeds thereof against the claims and demands of all
persons whomsoever; and each Pledgor covenants and agrees that it will have
like title to and right to pledge any other property at any time hereafter
pledged to the Pledgee by such Pledgor as Collateral hereunder and will
likewise defend the right thereto and security interest therein of the Pledgee
and the other Secured Creditors.

                  (c) Each Pledgor covenants and agrees that it will take no
action which would violate any of the terms of any Secured Debt Agreement.

                  (d) Each Pledgor hereby authorizes the Pledgee to make
duplicate filings as if such Pledgor is a Transmitting Utility, or
alternatively, as if such Pledgor is a Person which is not a Transmitting
Utility.

                  17. LEGAL NAMES; TYPE OF ORGANIZATION (AND WHETHER A
REGISTERED ORGANIZATION); JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION; LOCATION;
ORGANIZATIONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS; CHANGES THERETO; ETC. The exact legal
name of each Pledgor, the type of organization of such Pledgor, whether or not
such Pledgor is a Registered Organization, the jurisdiction of organization of
such Pledgor, such Pledgor's Location, the organizational identification number
(if any) of each Pledgor is listed on Annex A hereto for such Pledgor. No
Pledgor shall change its legal name, its type of organization, its status as a
Registered Organization (in the case of a Registered Organization), its
jurisdiction of organization, its Location, or its organizational
identification number (if any), except that any such changes shall be permitted
(so long as not in violation of the applicable requirements of the Secured Debt
Agreements and so long as same do not involve (x) a Registered Organization
ceasing to constitute same or (y) any Pledgor changing its jurisdiction of
organization or Location from the United States or a State thereof to a
jurisdiction of organization or Location, as the case may be, outside the
United States or a State thereof) if (i) it shall have given to the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent not less than 15 days' prior written notice of each change to
the information listed on Annex A (as adjusted for any subsequent changes
thereto previously made in accordance with this sentence), together with a
supplement to Annex A which shall correct all information contained therein for
such Pledgor, and (ii) in connection with the respective such change or
changes, it shall have taken all action reasonably necessary to maintain the
security interests of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent in the Collateral
intended to be granted hereby at all times fully perfected and in full force
and effect; provided that such actions shall not violate the lien priority or
any other provisions contained in the Intercreditor Agreement. In addition, to
the extent that any Pledgor does not have an organizational identification
number on the date hereof and later obtains one, such Pledgor shall promptly
thereafter deliver a notification of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent of such
organizational identification number and shall take all actions reasonably
necessary to maintain the security interest of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
in the Collateral intended to be granted hereby fully perfected and in full
force and effect; provided that such actions shall not violate the lien
priority or any other provisions contained in the Intercreditor Agreement.

                  18. PLEDGORS' OBLIGATIONS ABSOLUTE, ETC. The obligations of
each Pledgor under this Agreement shall be absolute and unconditional and shall
remain in full force and effect without regard to, and shall not be released,
suspended, discharged, terminated or otherwise affected by, any circumstance or
occurrence whatsoever (other than termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 20 hereof), including, without limitation:

                  (i) any renewal, extension, amendment or modification of, or
         addition or supplement to or deletion from any Secured Debt Agreement
         (other than this Agreement in accordance with its terms), or any other
         instrument or agreement referred to therein, or any assignment or
         transfer of any thereof;

                  (ii) any waiver, consent, extension, indulgence or other
         action or inaction under or in respect of any such agreement or
         instrument including, without limitation, this Agreement (other than a
         waiver, consent or extension with respect to this Agreement in
         accordance with its terms);

                  (iii) any furnishing of any additional security to the
         Pledgee or its assignee or any acceptance thereof or any release of
         any security by the Pledgee or its assignee;

                  (iv) any limitation on any party's liability or obligations
         under any such instrument or agreement or any invalidity or
         unenforceability, in whole or in part, of any such instrument or
         agreement or any term thereof; or

                  (v) any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, composition,
         adjustment, dissolution, liquidation or other like proceeding relating
         to any Pledgor or any Subsidiary of any Pledgor, or any action taken
         with respect to this Agreement by any trustee or receiver, or by any
         court, in any such proceeding, whether or not such Pledgor shall have
         notice or knowledge of any of the foregoing.

                  19. SALE OF COLLATERAL WITHOUT REGISTRATION. Subject to the
terms of the Intercreditor Agreement:

                  (a) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing and any Pledgor shall have received from the Pledgee a written
request or requests that such Pledgor cause any registration, qualification or
compliance under any federal or state securities law or laws to be effected
with respect to all or any part of the Collateral consisting of Securities,
Limited Liability Company Interests or Partnership Interests, such Pledgor as
soon as practicable and at its expense will use its best efforts to cause such
registration to be effected (and be kept effective) and will use its best
efforts to cause such qualification and compliance to be effected (and be kept
effective) as may be so requested and as would permit or facilitate the sale
and distribution of such Collateral consisting of Securities, Limited Liability
Company Interests or Partnership Interests, including, without limitation,
registration under the Securities Act, as then in effect (or any similar
statute then in effect), appropriate qualifications under applicable blue sky
or other state securities laws and appropriate compliance with any other
governmental requirements; provided, that the Pledgee shall furnish to such
Pledgor such information regarding the Pledgee or any other Secured Creditor as
such Pledgor may request in writing and as shall be required in connection with
any such registration, qualification or compliance. Each Pledgor will cause the
Pledgee to be kept reasonably advised in writing as to the progress of each
such registration, qualification or compliance and as to the completion
thereof, will furnish to the Pledgee such number of prospectuses, offering
circulars and other documents incident thereto as the Pledgee from time to time
may reasonably request, and will indemnify, to the extent permitted by law, the
Pledgee and all other Secured Creditors participating in the distribution of
such Collateral consisting of Securities, Limited Liability Company Interests
or Partnership Interests against all claims, losses, damages and liabilities
caused by any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact
contained therein (or in any related registration statement, notification or
the like) or by any omission (or alleged omission) to state therein (or in any
related registration statement, notification or the like) a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading, except insofar as the same may have been caused by an untrue
statement or omission based upon information furnished in writing to such
Pledgor by the Pledgee or such other Secured Creditor expressly for use
therein.

                  (b) If at any time when the Pledgee (at the written direction
of the Holders of the Notes in accordance with the Second-Lien Note Indenture,
upon such direction which the Pledgee shall conclusively rely) shall determine
to exercise its right to sell all or any part of the Collateral consisting of
Securities, Limited Liability Company Interests or Partnership Interests
pursuant to Section 7 hereof, and such Collateral or the part thereof to be
sold shall not, for any reason whatsoever, be effectively registered under the
Securities Act, as then in effect, the Pledgee may, in its sole and absolute
discretion, sell such Collateral or part thereof by private sale in such manner
and under such circumstances as the Pledgee may deem necessary or advisable in
order that such sale may legally be effected without such registration. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, in any such event the Pledgee, in its
sole and absolute discretion (i) may proceed to make such private sale
notwithstanding that a registration statement for the purpose of registering
such Collateral or part thereof shall have been filed under such Securities
Act, (ii) may approach and negotiate with a single possible purchaser to effect
such sale, and (iii) may restrict such sale to a purchaser who will represent
and agree that such purchaser is purchasing for its own account, for
investment, and not with a view to the distribution or sale of such Collateral
or part thereof. In the event of any such sale, the Pledgee shall incur no
responsibility or liability for selling all or any part of the Collateral at a
price which the Pledgee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may in good faith
deem reasonable under the circumstances, notwithstanding the possibility that a
substantially higher price might be realized if the sale were deferred until
the registration as aforesaid.

                  20. TERMINATION; RELEASE. (a) On the Termination Date (as
defined below), this Agreement shall terminate (provided that all indemnities
set forth herein including, without limitation, in Section 11 hereof shall
survive any such termination) and the Pledgee, at the request and expense of
such Pledgor and at the written direction of the Holders of the Notes in
accordance with the Second-Lien Note Indenture (upon such direction which the
Pledgee shall conclusively rely), will execute and deliver to such Pledgor a
proper instrument or instruments (including UCC termination statements)
acknowledging the satisfaction and termination of this Agreement (including,
without limitation, UCC termination statements and instruments of satisfaction,
discharge and/or reconveyance), and will duly release from the security
interest created hereby and assign, transfer and deliver to such Pledgor
(without recourse and without any representation or warranty) such of the
Collateral as may be in the possession of the Pledgee and as has not
theretofore been sold or otherwise applied or released pursuant to this
Agreement, together with any moneys at the time held by the Pledgee or any of
its sub-agents hereunder and, with respect to any Collateral consisting of an
Uncertificated Security, a Partnership Interest or a Limited Liability Company
Interest (other than an Uncertificated Security, Partnership Interest or
Limited Liability Company Interest credited on the books of a Clearing
Corporation or Securities Intermediary), a termination of the agreement
relating thereto executed and delivered by the issuer of such Uncertificated
Security pursuant to Section 3.2(a)(ii) or by the respective partnership or
limited liability company pursuant to Section 3.2(a)(iv)(2). As used in this
Agreement, "Termination Date" shall mean the date upon which all Second-Lien
Notes under the Second-Lien Note Indenture have been repaid in full and all
other Obligations (other than indemnities described in Section 11 hereof and
described in Sections 3.4, 8.6 and elsewhere of the Second-Lien Note Indenture,
and any other indemnities set forth in any other Security Documents, in each
case which are not then due and payable) then due and payable have been paid in
full.

                  (b) In the event that any part of the Collateral is sold or
otherwise disposed of (to a Person other than a Credit Party) (x) at any time
prior to the time at which all Second-Lien Note Document Obligations have been
paid in full, in connection with a sale or disposition permitted by the
Second-Lien Note Indenture or is otherwise released at the direction of the
Majority Noteholders (or all the Noteholders if required by the Second-Lien
Note Indenture) or (y) at any time thereafter, to the extent permitted by the
other Secured Debt Agreements, and in the case of clauses (x) and (y), the
proceeds of such sale or disposition (or from such release) are applied in
accordance with the terms of the Second-Lien Note Indenture or such other
Secured Debt Agreement, as the case may be, to the extent required to be so
applied, the Pledgee, at the request and expense of such Pledgor, will duly
release from the security interest created hereby (and will execute and deliver
such documentation, including termination or partial release statements and the
like in connection therewith) and assign, transfer and deliver to such Pledgor
(without recourse and without any representation or warranty) such of the
Collateral as is then being (or has been) so sold or released and as may be in
the possession of the Pledgee (or, in the case of Collateral held by any
sub-agent designated pursuant to Section 4 hereto, such sub-agent) and has not
theretofore been released pursuant to this Agreement.

                  (c) At any time that any Pledgor desires that Collateral be
released as provided in the foregoing Section 20(a) or (b), it shall deliver to
the Pledgee (and the relevant sub-agent, if any, designated pursuant to Section
4 hereof) a certificate signed by an authorized officer of such Pledgor stating
that the release of the respective Collateral is permitted pursuant to Section
20(a) or (b) hereof. If reasonably requested by the Pledgee (although the
Pledgee shall have no obligation to make any such request), the relevant
Pledgor shall furnish appropriate legal opinions (from counsel, reasonably
acceptable to the Pledgee) to the effect set forth in the immediately preceding
sentence.

                  (d) The Pledgee shall have no liability whatsoever to any
other Secured Creditor as the result of any release of Collateral by it in
accordance with (or which the Second-Lien Collateral Agent in the absence of
gross negligence and willful misconduct believes to be in accordance with) this
Section 20.

                  21. NOTICES, ETC. Except as otherwise specified herein, all
notices, requests, demands or other communications to or upon the respective
parties hereto shall be sent or delivered by mail, telegraph, telex, telecopy,
cable or courier service and all such notices and communications shall, when
mailed, telegraphed, telexed, telecopied, or cabled or sent by courier, be
effective when deposited in the mails, delivered to the telegraph company,
cable company or overnight courier, as the case may be, or sent by telex or
telecopier, except that notices and communications to the Pledgee or any
Pledgor shall not be effective until received by the Pledgee or such Pledgor,
as the case may be. All notices and other communications shall be in writing
and addressed as follows:

                  (a) if to any Pledgor, at its address set forth opposite its
signature below;

                  (b) if to the Pledgee, at:

                           HSBC Bank USA, National Association
                           452 Fifth Avenue
                           New York, New York 10018
                           Attention:  Corporate Trust
                           Telecopier No.:  (212) 525-1300

                  (c) if to any Secured Creditor, either (x) to the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, at the address of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent specified
in the Second-Lien Note Indenture, or (y) at such address as such Secured
Creditor shall have specified in the Second-Lien Note Indenture;

or at such other address or addressed to such other individual as shall have
been furnished in writing by any Person described above to the party required
to give notice hereunder.

                  22. WAIVER; AMENDMENT. Except as contemplated by the
Intercreditor Agreement and as provided in Sections 30 and 32 hereof, none of
the terms and conditions of this Agreement may be changed, waived, modified or
varied in any manner whatsoever except in accordance with the requirements
specified in the Security Agreement.

                  23. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall create a
continuing security interest in the Collateral and shall (i) remain in full
force and effect, subject to release and/or termination as set forth in Section
20, (ii) be binding upon each Pledgor, its successors and assigns; provided,
however, that no Pledgor shall assign any of its rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of the Pledgee (with the prior
written consent of the Majority Noteholders, upon which the Pledgee may rely),
and (iii) inure, together with the rights and remedies of the Pledgee
hereunder, to the benefit of the Pledgee, the other Secured Creditors and their
respective successors, transferees and assigns. All agreements, statements,
representations and warranties made by each Pledgor herein or in any
certificate or other instrument delivered by such Pledgor or on its behalf
under this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the
Secured Creditors and shall survive the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the other Secured Debt Agreements regardless of any investigation
made by the Secured Creditors or on their behalf.

                  24. HEADINGS DESCRIPTIVE. The headings of the several
Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not in
any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

                  25. GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE; WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER SECOND-LIEN NOTE DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS
OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF
NEW YORK, IN EACH CASE WHICH ARE LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK, AND, BY
EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY, THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. EACH
PLEDGOR HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH COURTS LACK
PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER SUCH PLEDGOR, AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN
ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER
SECOND-LIEN NOTE DOCUMENT BROUGHT IN ANY OF THE AFORESAID COURTS THAT ANY SUCH
COURT LACKS PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER SUCH PLEDGOR. EACH PLEDGOR FURTHER
IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED
COURTS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY
REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO ANY SUCH PLEDGOR AT ITS
ADDRESS FOR NOTICES AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 21 ABOVE, SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME
EFFECTIVE 30 DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING. EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ANY OBJECTION TO SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS AND FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND
AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING COMMENCED HEREUNDER OR
UNDER ANY OTHER SECOND-LIEN NOTE DOCUMENT THAT SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS WAS IN
ANY WAY INVALID OR INEFFECTIVE. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE
PLEDGEE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY SECURED CREDITOR, TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY
OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE
PROCEED AGAINST ANY PLEDGOR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.

                  (b) EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION
WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY OF THE
AFORESAID ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER SECOND-LIEN NOTE DOCUMENT BROUGHT IN THE COURTS REFERRED
TO IN CLAUSE (a) ABOVE AND HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO
PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN
ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

                  (c) EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER SECOND-LIEN NOTE
DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

                  26. PLEDGOR'S DUTIES. It is expressly agreed, anything herein
contained to the contrary notwithstanding, that each Pledgor shall remain
liable to perform all of the obligations, if any, assumed by it with respect to
the Collateral and the Pledgee shall not have any obligations or liabilities
with respect to any Collateral by reason of or arising out of this Agreement,
except for the safekeeping of Collateral actually in Pledgor's possession, nor
shall the Pledgee be required or obligated in any manner to perform or fulfill
any of the obligations of any Pledgor under or with respect to any Collateral.

                  27. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an
original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same
instrument. A set of counterparts executed by all the parties hereto shall be
lodged with each Pledgor and the Pledgee.

                  28. SEVERABILITY. Any provision of this Agreement which is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

                  29. RECOURSE. This Agreement is made with full recourse to
each Pledgor and pursuant to and upon all the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements on the part of such Pledgor contained herein and in
the other Secured Debt Agreements and otherwise in writing in connection
herewith or therewith.

                  30. ADDITIONAL PLEDGORS. It is understood and agreed that any
Subsidiary of the Borrower that is required to become a party to this Agreement
after the date hereof pursuant to the requirements of the Second-Lien Note
Indenture or any other Second-Lien Note Document, shall become a Pledgor
hereunder by (x) executing a counterpart hereof and delivering same to the
Pledgee, (y) delivering supplements to Annexes A through G, hereto as are
necessary to cause such annexes to be complete and accurate with respect to
such additional Pledgor on such date and (z) taking all actions as specified in
this Agreement as would have been taken by such Pledgor had it been an original
party to this Agreement, in each case with all documents required above to be
delivered to the Pledgee and with all documents and actions required above to
be taken to the reasonable satisfaction of the Pledgee.

                  31. LIMITED OBLIGATIONS. It is the desire and intent of each
Pledgor and the Secured Creditors that this Agreement shall be enforced against
each Pledgor to the fullest extent permissible under the laws applied in each
jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, in furtherance of the foregoing, it is noted that
the obligations of each Pledgor constituting a Guarantor have been limited as
provided in the Guarantee Agreement.

                  32. RELEASE OF PLEDGORS. If at any time all of the Equity
Interests of any Pledgor owned by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are
sold (to a Person other than a Credit Party) in a transaction permitted
pursuant to the Second-Lien Note Indenture (and which does not violate the
terms of any other Secured Debt Agreement then in effect), then, such Pledgor
shall be released as a Pledgor pursuant to this Agreement without any further
action hereunder (it being understood that the sale of all of the Equity
Interests in any Person that owns, directly or indirectly, all of the Equity
Interests in any Pledgor shall be deemed to be a sale of all of the Equity
Interests in such Pledgor for purposes of this Section), and the Pledgee is
authorized and directed to execute and deliver such instruments of release as
are reasonably satisfactory to it. At any time that the Borrower desires that a
Pledgor be released from this Agreement as provided in this Section 32, the
Borrower shall deliver to the Pledgee a certificate signed by a principal
executive officer of the Borrower stating that the release of such Pledgor is
permitted pursuant to this Section 32. If requested by Pledgee (although the
Pledgee shall have no obligation to make any such request), the Borrower shall
furnish legal opinions (from counsel acceptable to the Pledgee) to the effect
set forth in the immediately preceding sentence. The Pledgee shall have no
liability whatsoever to any other Secured Creditor as a result of the release
of any Pledgor by it in accordance with, or which it believes to be in
accordance with, this Section 32.

                  33. SECOND-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT. (a) Appointment. The
Second-Lien Trustee and each Noteholder, by accepting a Note, hereby
irrevocably designates and appoints HSBC Bank USA, National Association as the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent under this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement and
each other Security Document, and the Second-Lien Trustee and each such
Noteholder irrevocably authorizes HSBC Bank USA, National Association as the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent to take such actions on its behalf under the
provisions of this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement and each other Security
Document to which the Second-Lien Trustee and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
(as the case may be) is a party and to exercise such powers and perform such
duties as are expressly delegated to the Second-Lien Trustee and the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent (as the case may be) by the terms of this
Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement and each other Security Document to which
the Second-Lien Trustee and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent (as the case may
be) is a party, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this
Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement or in any other Security Document, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities,
except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any
Noteholder or any other Person, and no implied covenants, functions,
responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities on the part of the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Trustee shall be read into
this Agreement or otherwise exist against the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and
the Second-Lien Trustee. The provisions of this Section 33 are solely for the
benefit of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Trustee and the
Noteholders, and the Pledgors shall not have any rights as a third party
beneficiary or otherwise under any of the provisions hereof. In performing
their respective functions and duties hereunder and under the other Security
Documents to which the Second-Lien Collateral Agent is a party, the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall act solely as an agent of the Second-Lien Trustee and
the Noteholders and does not assume nor shall be deemed to have assumed any
obligation or relationship of trust or agency with or for the Pledgors or any
of their successors and assigns.

                  (b) Delegation of Duties. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent
may execute any of its duties under this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement or
the other Security Documents to which the Second-Lien Collateral Agent is a
party by or through receivers, agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be
entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties.
The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or
misconduct of any receivers, agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with
reasonable care.

                  (c) Exculpatory Provisions. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent
shall not be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by
it or any Person described in Section 11.2 under or in connection with this
Agreement, or any other Transaction Document or any other document or
instrument referred to or provided for herein or therein (except for its or
such Person's own gross negligence or willful misconduct if such Person was not
selected with reasonable care), or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the
Noteholders, the Second-Lien Trustee or any other Person for any recitals,
statements, representations or warranties made by any Pledgor contained in this
Agreement or any other Transaction Document or in any certificate, report,
statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received under
or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or for
the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency
of this Agreement, or any other Transaction Document or for any failure of any
Pledgor to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. The Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall not be required to initiate or conduct any litigation or
collection or other proceeding under this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not be under any obligation to
the Second-Lien Trustee or to any Noteholder to ascertain or to inquire as to
the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or
conditions of, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or to inspect
the properties, books or records of any Pledgor. The Second-Lien Collateral
Agent shall have the right at any time to seek instructions from the
Noteholders with respect to the administration of this Agreement, the Guarantee
Agreement or the other Security Documents. Anything to the contrary
notwithstanding, in no event shall the Second-Lien Collateral Agent be liable
to any Person, under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document for
special, punitive, indirect, consequential or incidental loss or damage of any
kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or
damage.

                  (d) Reliance by Second-Lien Collateral Agent. The Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely, and shall be fully
protected in relying, upon any Note, writing, resolution, notice, consent,
certificate, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, telecopy, telex or
teletype message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed
by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the
proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel
(including, without limitation, counsel to any Pledgor or Noteholder),
independent accountants and other experts selected by the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent with reasonable due care. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent
shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated
in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice,
request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document,
delivered to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder or under the
Transaction Documents. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent may deem and treat the
payee of any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes unless the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall have received an executed transfer instrument in respect
thereof. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall have no liability for failing
or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document unless it shall first receive such advice, direction, instruction or
concurrence of the Majority Noteholders or the Noteholders as is required
hereunder or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the
Noteholders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by
it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action; and the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent has the right to seek instructions from the
Majority Noteholders before acting or electing not to act under this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall in
all cases have no liability in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with a direction or
instruction of the Majority Noteholders, and such direction or instruction and
any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all
of the Noteholders and all future holders of the Notes. This Section does not
govern the relationship of the Pledgors and the Noteholders.

                  (e) Non-Reliance on Second-Lien Collateral Agent. Each
Pledgor and Noteholder expressly acknowledges that the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent, or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact
or Affiliates has not made any representations or warranties to it and that no
act by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent hereafter taken, including, without
limitation, any review of the affairs of any Pledgor or Noteholder, shall be
deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent.

                  (f) Second-Lien Collateral Agent in its Individual Capacity.
The Second-Lien Collateral Agent and its Affiliates may make loans to, accept
deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with the Pledgors
and Noteholders as though the Second-Lien Collateral Agent were not the
collateral agent hereunder.

                  (g) Successor Second-Lien Collateral Agent. The Second-Lien
Collateral Agent may resign as collateral agent upon thirty (30) days notice to
the Borrower and the Noteholders and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may be
removed from its position as collateral agent at any time by the Noteholders.
If the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall resign as collateral agent under this
Agreement or be removed pursuant to the preceding sentence, then the Majority
Noteholders during such 30-day period shall appoint a successor collateral
agent, and upon the acceptance by such successor collateral agent, the
successor collateral agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the term "Second-Lien Collateral Agent"
shall mean such successor collateral agent, effective upon its appointment and
acceptance, and the former Second-Lien Collateral Agent's rights, powers and
duties as collateral agent shall then be terminated, without any other or
further act or deed on the part of such former Second-Lien Collateral Agent or
any of the parties to this Agreement or any Noteholders. After any retiring
Second-Lien Collateral Agent's resignation hereunder as collateral agent, the
provisions of this Section 33 and Section 11 shall inure to its benefit as to
any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Second-Lien
Collateral Agent under this Agreement. If the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
consolidates with, merges with or converts into, or transfers all or
substantially all of its assets (including the administration of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents) to, another Person, the resulting,
surviving or transferee Person, without any further act, shall be the successor
Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

                  (h) Actions by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent. In each case
that the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may or is required hereunder, the
Guarantee Agreement or any other Security Document to take any action (a
"Collateral Agent Action"), including without limitation to make any
determination or judgment, to give consents, to exercise rights, powers or
remedies, to release or sell collateral or otherwise to act hereunder, under
the Guarantee Agreement or under any other Security Document, the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent may seek direction from the Majority Noteholders. The
Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not be liable with respect to any Collateral
Agent Action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance
with the direction from the Majority Noteholders. If the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent shall request direction from the Majority Noteholders with respect to any
Collateral Agent Action, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall be entitled to
refrain from such Collateral Agent Action unless and until such Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall have received direction from the Majority Noteholders
and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by
reason of so refraining.

                  (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
         Agreement or any other Transaction Document, in no event shall the
         Second-Lien Collateral Agent be responsible for, or have any duty or
         obligation with respect to, the recording, filing, registering,
         perfection, protection or maintenance of the security interests or
         Liens intended to be created by this Agreement or the other Security
         Documents (including without limitation any UCC financing or
         continuation statements or similar documents or instruments), nor
         shall the Second-Lien Collateral Agent be responsible for, and the
         Second-Lien Collateral Agent makes no representation regarding, the
         validity, effectiveness or priority of any of this Agreement, the
         Guarantee Agreement or the Security Documents or the security
         interests or Liens intended to be created hereby or thereby.

                  (ii) The Second-Lien Collateral Agent is hereby directed by
         the Noteholders to execute this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement and
         the Security Documents as contemplated herein.

                  (iii) Whenever in the administration of this Agreement, the
         Guarantee Agreement or any Security Document, the Second-Lien
         Collateral Agent shall deem it necessary that a matter with respect to
         the Pledgors be provided or established prior to taking or suffering
         or omitting to take any act hereunder or thereunder, such matter
         (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein or therein
         specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of gross negligence, bad
         faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Second-Lien Collateral
         Agent be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by an
         officers' certificate delivered by the applicable Pledgor to the
         Second-Lien Collateral Agent, and such certificate, in the absence of
         gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the
         Second-Lien Collateral Agent, shall be full warrant to the Second-Lien
         Collateral Agent for any action taken, suffered or omitted to be taken
         by it under the provisions of this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement
         or any Security Document upon the faith thereof.

                  (iv) Any direction, request, notice, consent or other action
         provided or permitted by this Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement or
         the Security Documents to be given, made or taken by the Noteholders
         may be embodied in or evidenced by one or more instruments of
         substantially similar tenor signed by the Noteholders in person or by
         and agent thereof duly appointed in writing; and such action, except
         as otherwise expressly provided herein, shall become effective when
         such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Second-Lien
         Collateral Agent. The fact and date of the execution of any such
         instrument or writing may be proved in any manner that the Second-Lien
         Collateral Agent deems sufficient. The holding of Notes shall be
         proved by the Note Register.

                  (v) Acceptance of Terms of Noteholders. Each Noteholder, by
         accepting a Note, agrees to all the terms and provisions set forth
         herein and in the Guarantee Agreement and the other Security
         Documents.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Secured Debt
Agreement, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and Second-Lien Trustee shall have
no liability whatsoever to any Person party to any Secured Debt Agreement or to
any other Person (including, without limitation, the Noteholders) for failing
to perfect or failing to maintain perfection on any of the security interests
granted hereby (including without limitation, filing any financing statements
or continuation statements).

                  34. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. Each Pledgor agrees to use
commercially reasonable efforts, including taking any action which the Pledgee
and the Secured Creditors may reasonably request, to assist in obtaining any
required consent or approval of the Federal Communications Commission (the
"FCC") or any other governmental or other authority for any sale or transfer of
control of the Collateral contemplated by the security documents pursuant to
the exercise of the rights and remedies of the Pledgee and the Secured
Creditors thereunder, including, upon request, to prepare, sign and file with
the FCC the assignor's or transferor's and licensee's portions of any
applications required under the rules of the FCC for consent to the assignment
or transfer of control of any FCC construction permit, license or other
authorization.

                  Each Pledgor further consents, subject to obtaining any
necessary approvals, to the assignment or transfer of control of any FCC or
other governmental construction permit, license, or other authorization to
operate, to a receiver, trustee, or similar official or to any purchaser of the
Collateral pursuant to any public or private sale, judicial sale, foreclosure,
or exercise of other remedies available to Pledgee and the Secured Creditors as
permitted by applicable law. Notwithstanding anything herein which may be
construed to the contrary, no action shall be taken by any of the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent and the Secured Creditors with respect to any license of the
FCC unless and until any applicable rules and regulations thereunder, requiring
the consent to or approval of such action by the FCC or any governmental or
other authority, have been satisfied.

                  35. CONFLICTS; INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the lien and security interest granted to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement and the exercise of any
right or remedy by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder are subject to
the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict
between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms
of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control.

                                    * * * *
<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Pledgor and the Pledgee have caused
this Agreement to be executed by their duly elected officers duly authorized as
of the date first above written.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                                           <C>
Address:                                                      RCN CORPORATION, as an Assignor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      BRAINSTORM NETWORKS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      HOT SPOTS PRODUCTIONS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      ON TV, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN-BECOCOM, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Telecom Services of Massachusetts, Inc.
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN CABLE TV OF CHICAGO, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN ENTERTAINMENT, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN FINANCE, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Corporation, its managing member
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN INTERNET SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF MASSACHUSETTS, INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF PHILADELPHIA, INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF VIRGINIA, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF WASHINGTON D.C., INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RFM 2, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Corporation, its managing member
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RLH PROPERTY CORPORATION, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      TEC AIR, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      21ST CENTURY TELECOM SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      UNET HOLDING, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                           <C>
Address:                                                      STARPOWER COMMUNICATIONS, LLC,
                                                                as a Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540
Attention: Chief Financial Officer
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              ---------------------------------------
                                                                 Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                 Title: Manager
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

Accepted and Agreed to:                         Address:

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,            452 Fifth Avenue
   as Second-Lien Collateral Agent              New York, New York 10018
   and Pledgee                                  Fax: (212) 525-1300


By: /s/ Frank J. Godino
   ---------------------------------
   Name:  Frank J. Godino
   Title: Vice President

<PAGE>

                               Table of Contents

                                                                           Page


1. SECURITY FOR OBLIGATIONS....................................................2

2. DEFINITIONS.................................................................3

3. PLEDGE OF SECURITIES, ETC...................................................6

         3.1 Pledge............................................................6
         3.2 Procedures........................................................9
         3.3 Subsequently Acquired Collateral.................................11
         3.4 Transfer Taxes...................................................11
         3.5 Certain Representations and Warranties Regarding the Collateral..11

4. APPOINTMENT OF SUB-AGENTS; ENDORSEMENTS, ETC...............................12

5. VOTING, ETC., WHILE NO EVENT OF DEFAULT OR SPECIFIED DEFAULT...............12

6. DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS..........................................12

7. REMEDIES IN CASE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT OR A SPECIFIED DEFAULT.............13

8. REMEDIES, CUMULATIVE, ETC..................................................14

9. APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS....................................................15

10. PURCHASERS OF COLLATERAL..................................................15

11. INDEMNITY.................................................................15

12. PLEDGEE NOT A PARTNER OR LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY MEMBER.................15

13. FURTHER ASSURANCES; POWER-OF-ATTORNEY.....................................16

14. THE PLEDGEE AS SECOND-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT...............................17

15. TRANSFER BY THE PLEDGORS..................................................17

16. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE PLEDGORS.................17

17. LEGAL NAMES; TYPE OF ORGANIZATION (AND WHETHER A REGISTERED ORGANIZATION);
    JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION; LOCATION; ORGANIZATIONAL IDENTIFICATION
    NUMBERS; CHANGES THERETO; ETC.............................................19

18. PLEDGORS' OBLIGATIONS ABSOLUTE, ETC.......................................20

19. SALE OF COLLATERAL WITHOUT REGISTRATION...................................20

20. TERMINATION; RELEASE......................................................22

21. NOTICES, ETC..............................................................23

22. WAIVER; AMENDMENT.........................................................23

23. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS....................................................23

24. HEADINGS DESCRIPTIVE......................................................24

25. GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL....24

26. PLEDGOR'S DUTIES..........................................................25

27. COUNTERPARTS..............................................................25

28. SEVERABILITY..............................................................25

29. RECOURSE..................................................................25

30. ADDITIONAL PLEDGORS.......................................................25

31. LIMITED OBLIGATIONS.......................................................26

32. RELEASE OF PLEDGORS.......................................................26

33. SECOND-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT..............................................26

34. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS......................................................30

35. CONFLICTS; INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT........................................31

ANNEX A  -  SCHEDULE OF LEGAL NAMES, TYPE OF ORGANIZATION,
            JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION, LOCATION AND ORGANIZATIONAL
            IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS
ANNEX B  -  SCHEDULE OF SUBSIDIARIES
ANNEX C  -  SCHEDULE OF STOCK
ANNEX D  -  SCHEDULE OF NOTES
ANNEX E  -  SCHEDULE OF LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS
ANNEX F  -  SCHEDULE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS
ANNEX G  -  SCHEDULE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICES
ANNEX H  -  FORM OF AGREEMENT REGARDING UNCERTIFICATED SECURITIES, LIMITED
            LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS AND PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>rcn_subs-guaranty.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.6 - FIRST LIEN SUBSIDIARIES GUARANTY
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 99.6


                             SUBSIDIARIES GUARANTY


                  SUBSIDIARIES GUARANTY (as amended, modified, restated and/or
supplemented from time to time, this "Guaranty"), dated as of December 21,
2004, made by and among each of the undersigned guarantors (each, a
"Guarantor" and, together with any other entity that becomes a guarantor
hereunder pursuant to Section 22 hereof, collectively, the "Guarantors") in
favor of Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch, as Administrative Agent
(together with any successor administrative agent, the "Administrative
Agent"), for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as defined below). Except
as otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms used herein and defined in
the Credit Agreement (as defined below) shall be used herein as therein
defined.


                             W I T N E S S E T H :
                              - - - - - - - - - -


                  WHEREAS, RCN Corporation (the "Borrower"), the lenders from
time to time party thereto (the "Lenders"), Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as
Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager, and the Administrative Agent, have
entered into a Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004 (as amended,
modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the "Credit
Agreement"), providing for the making of Loans to, and the issuance of, and
participation in, Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower, all as
contemplated therein (the Lenders, each Issuing Lender, the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent, each other Agent and the Pledgee are herein
called the "Lender Creditors");

                  WHEREAS, the Borrower and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries
may at any time and from time to time enter into one or more Interest Rate
Protection Agreements and/or Other Hedging Agreements with one or more Lenders
or any affiliate thereof (each such Lender or affiliate, even if the
respective Lender subsequently ceases to be a Lender under the Credit
Agreement for any reason, together with such Lender's or affiliate's
successors and assigns, if any, collectively, the "Other Creditors" and,
together with the Lender Creditors, the "Secured Creditors");

                  WHEREAS, each Guarantor is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of
the Borrower;

                  WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the making of Loans
to the Borrower and the issuance of, and participation in, Letters of Credit
for the account of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement and to the Other
Creditors entering into Interest Rate Protection Agreements and Other Hedging
Agreements that each Guarantor shall have executed and delivered to the
Administrative Agent this Guaranty; and

                  WHEREAS, each Guarantor will obtain benefits from the
incurrence of Loans by the Borrower and the issuance of, and participation in,
Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement
and the entering into by the Borrower and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries
of Interest Rate Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements and,
accordingly, desires to execute this Guaranty in order to satisfy the
condition described in the preceding paragraph and to induce the Lenders to
make Loans to the Borrower and issue, and/or participate in, Letters of Credit
for the account of the Borrower and the Other Creditors to enter into Interest
Rate Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements with the Borrower
and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries;

                  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other
benefits accruing to each Guarantor, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, each Guarantor hereby makes the following representations
and warranties to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors and hereby covenants and agrees with each other Guarantor and the
Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors as follows:

                  1. GUARANTY. (a) Each Guarantor, jointly and severally,
irrevocably, absolutely and unconditionally guarantees as a primary obligor
and not merely as surety:

                  (i) to the Lender Creditors the full and prompt payment when
     due (whether at the stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration,
     acceleration, demand or otherwise) of (x) the principal of, premium, if
     any, and interest on the Notes issued by, and the Loans made to, the
     Borrower under the Credit Agreement, and all reimbursement obligations
     and Unpaid Drawings with respect to Letters of Credit and (y) all other
     obligations (including, without limitation, obligations which, but for
     the automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, would
     become due), liabilities and indebtedness owing by the Borrower to the
     Lender Creditors under the Credit Agreement and each other Credit
     Document to which the Borrower is a party (including, without limitation,
     indemnities, Fees and interest thereon (including, without limitation,
     any interest accruing after the commencement of any bankruptcy,
     insolvency, receivership or similar proceeding at the rate provided for
     in the Credit Agreement, whether or not such interest is an allowed claim
     in any such proceeding)), whether now existing or hereafter incurred
     under, arising out of or in connection with the Credit Agreement and any
     such other Credit Document and the due performance and compliance by the
     Borrower with all of the terms, conditions, covenants and agreements
     contained in all such Credit Documents (all such principal, premium,
     interest, liabilities, indebtedness and obligations under this clause
     (i), except to the extent consisting of obligations or liabilities with
     respect to Interest Rate Protection Agreements or Other Hedging
     Agreements, being herein collectively called the "Credit Document
     Obligations"); and

                  (ii) to each Other Creditor the full and prompt payment when
     due (whether at the stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration,
     acceleration, demand or otherwise) of all obligations (including, without
     limitation, obligations which, but for the automatic stay under Section
     362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, would become due), liabilities and
     indebtedness (including, without limitation, any interest accruing after
     the commencement of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar
     proceeding at the rate provided for in the respective Interest Rate
     Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements, whether or not such
     interest is an allowed claim in any such proceeding) owing by the
     Borrower and/or any other Guaranteed Party under any Interest Rate
     Protection Agreement and any Other Hedging Agreement to which it is a
     party, whether now in existence or hereafter arising, and the due
     performance and compliance by the Borrower and each such other Guaranteed
     Party with all of the terms, conditions, covenants and agreements
     contained therein (all such obligations, liabilities and indebtedness
     being herein collectively called the "Other Obligations", and together
     with the Credit Document Obligations are herein collectively called the
     "Guaranteed Obligations"); provided that if the aggregate notional amount
     of all then outstanding Interest Rate Protection Agreements and Other
     Hedging Agreements would exceed the Maximum Hedging Obligations Notional
     Amount, then amounts owing with respect to such excess shall not
     constitute Other Obligations hereunder; provided further that, if at the
     time of the entering into of any Interest Rate Protection Agreement or
     Other Hedging Agreement the respective Other Creditors obtained an
     officer's certificate of the Borrower or a representation by the Borrower
     that the aggregate notional amount thereof when added to the aggregate
     notional amount of all other then outstanding Interest Rate Protection
     Agreements and Other Hedging Agreements which constitute Other
     Obligations hereunder, shall not or would not exceed the Maximum Hedging
     Obligations Notional Amount, then such Interest Rate Protection Agreement
     or Other Hedging Agreement, as the case may be, (and all obligations
     thereunder as described above) shall constitute Other Obligations for all
     purposes hereof notwithstanding the fact that the Maximum Hedging
     Obligations Notional Amount has actually been exceeded.

As used herein, the term (x) "Guaranteed Party" shall mean the Borrower and
each Subsidiary of the Borrower party to any Interest Rate Protection
Agreement or Other Hedging Agreement with an Other Creditor and (y) "Maximum
Hedging Obligations Notional Amount" shall mean an aggregate notional amount
equal to $325 million. Each Guarantor understands, agrees and confirms that
the Secured Creditors may enforce this Guaranty up to the full amount of the
Guaranteed Obligations against such Guarantor without proceeding against any
other Guarantor, the Borrower or any other Guaranteed Party, or against any
security for the Guaranteed Obligations, or under any other guaranty covering
all or a portion of the Guaranteed Obligations. This Guaranty is a guaranty of
prompt payment and performance and not of collection.

                  (b) Additionally, each Guarantor, jointly and severally,
unconditionally, absolutely and irrevocably, guarantees the payment of any and
all Guaranteed Obligations whether or not due or payable by the Borrower or
any other Guaranteed Party upon the occurrence in respect of the Borrower or
any other Guaranteed Party of any of the events specified in Section 10.05 of
the Credit Agreement, and unconditionally, absolutely and irrevocably, jointly
and severally, promises to pay such Guaranteed Obligations to the Secured
Creditors, or order, on demand.

                  2. LIABILITY OF GUARANTORS ABSOLUTE. The liability of each
Guarantor hereunder is primary, absolute, joint and several, and unconditional
and is exclusive and independent of any security for or other guaranty of the
indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Guaranteed Party whether executed by
such Guarantor, any other Guarantor, any other guarantor or by any other
party, and the liability of each Guarantor hereunder shall not be affected or
impaired by any circumstance or occurrence whatsoever, including, without
limitation: (a) any direction as to application of payment by the Borrower,
any other Guaranteed Party or any other party, (b) any other continuing or
other guaranty, undertaking or maximum liability of a Guarantor or of any
other party as to the Guaranteed Obligations, (c) any payment on or in
reduction of any such other guaranty or undertaking, (d) any dissolution,
termination or increase, decrease or change in personnel by the Borrower or
any other Guaranteed Party, (e) the failure of the Guarantor to receive any
benefit from or as a result of its execution, delivery and performance of this
Guaranty, (f) any payment made to any Secured Creditor on the indebtedness
which any Secured Creditor repays the Borrower or any other Guaranteed Party
pursuant to court order in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
moratorium or other debtor relief proceeding, and each Guarantor waives any
right to the deferral or modification of its obligations hereunder by reason
of any such proceeding, (g) any action or inaction by the Secured Creditors as
contemplated in Section 5 hereof or (h) any invalidity, rescission,
irregularity or unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed
Obligations or of any security therefor.

                  3. OBLIGATIONS OF GUARANTORS INDEPENDENT. The obligations of
each Guarantor hereunder are independent of the obligations of any other
Guarantor, any other guarantor, the Borrower or any other Guaranteed Party,
and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against each
Guarantor whether or not action is brought against any other Guarantor, any
other guarantor, the Borrower or any other Guaranteed Party and whether or not
any other Guarantor, any other guarantor, the Borrower or any other Guaranteed
Party be joined in any such action or actions. Each Guarantor waives (to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law) the benefits of any statute of
limitations affecting its liability hereunder or the enforcement thereof. Any
payment by the Borrower or any other Guaranteed Party or other circumstance
which operates to toll any statute of limitations as to the Borrower or such
other Guaranteed Party shall operate to toll the statute of limitations as to
each Guarantor.

                  4. WAIVERS BY GUARANTORS. (a) Each Guarantor hereby waives
(to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) notice of acceptance of
this Guaranty and notice of the existence, creation or incurrence of any new
or additional liability to which it may apply, and waives promptness,
diligence, presentment, demand of payment, demand for performance, protest,
notice of dishonor or nonpayment of any such liabilities, suit or taking of
other action by the Administrative Agent or any other Secured Creditor
against, and any other notice to, any party liable thereon (including such
Guarantor, any other Guarantor, any other guarantor, the Borrower or any other
Guaranteed Party) and the Guarantor further hereby waives any and all notice
of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of any of the Guaranteed
Obligations and notice or proof of reliance by any Secured Creditor upon this
Guaranty, and the Guaranteed Obligations shall conclusively be deemed to have
been created, contracted or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended, modified,
supplemented or waived, in reliance upon this Guaranty.

                  (b) Each Guarantor waives any right to require the Secured
Creditors to: (i) proceed against the Borrower, any other Guaranteed Party,
any other Guarantor, any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations or any
other party; (ii) proceed against or exhaust any security held from the
Borrower, any other Guaranteed Party, any other Guarantor, any other guarantor
of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other party; or (iii) pursue any other
remedy in the Secured Creditors' power whatsoever. Each Guarantor waives any
defense based on or arising out of any defense of the Borrower, any other
Guaranteed Party, any other Guarantor, any other guarantor of the Guaranteed
Obligations or any other party other than payment in full in cash of the
Guaranteed Obligations, including, without limitation, any defense based on or
arising out of the disability of the Borrower, any other Guaranteed Party, any
other Guarantor, any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations or any
other party, or the unenforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part
thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of
the Borrower or any other Guaranteed Party other than payment in full in cash
of the Guaranteed Obligations. The Secured Creditors may, at their election,
foreclose on any collateral serving as security held by the Administrative
Agent, the Collateral Agent or the other Secured Creditors by one or more
judicial or nonjudicial sales, whether or not every aspect of any such sale is
commercially reasonable (to the extent such sale is permitted by applicable
law), or exercise any other right or remedy the Secured Creditors may have
against the Borrower, any other Guaranteed Party or any other party, or any
security, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any
Guarantor hereunder except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been
paid in full in cash. Each Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any
such election by the Secured Creditors, even though such election operates to
impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement, contribution, indemnification
or subrogation or other right or remedy of such Guarantor against the
Borrower, any other Guaranteed Party, any other guarantor of the Guaranteed
Obligations or any other party or any security.

                  (c) Each Guarantor has knowledge and assumes all
responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of the Borrower's, each
other Guaranteed Party's and each other Guarantor's financial condition,
affairs and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of
nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of
the risks which such Guarantor assumes and incurs hereunder, and has adequate
means to obtain from the Borrower, each other Guaranteed Party and each other
Guarantor on an ongoing basis information relating thereto and the Borrower's,
each other Guaranteed Party's and each other Guarantor's ability to pay and
perform its respective Guaranteed Obligations, and agrees to assume the
responsibility for keeping, and to keep, so informed for so long as this
Guaranty is in effect. Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that (x) the
Secured Creditors shall have no obligation to investigate the financial
condition or affairs of the Borrower, any other Guaranteed Party or any other
Guarantor for the benefit of such Guarantor nor to advise such Guarantor of
any fact respecting, or any change in, the financial condition, assets or
affairs of the Borrower, any other Guaranteed Party or any other Guarantor
that might become known to any Secured Creditor at any time, whether or not
such Secured Creditor knows or believes or has reason to know or believe that
any such fact or change is unknown to such Guarantor, or might (or does)
increase the risk of such Guarantor as guarantor hereunder, or might (or
would) affect the willingness of such Guarantor to continue as a guarantor of
the Guaranteed Obligations hereunder and (y) the Secured Creditors shall have
no duty to advise any Guarantor of information known to them regarding any of
the aforementioned circumstances or risks.

                  (d) Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges and affirms that it
understands that to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations are secured by Real
Property located in the State of California, such Guarantor shall be liable
for the full amount of the liability hereunder notwithstanding foreclosure on
such Real Property by trustee sale or any other reason impairing such
Guarantor's or any Secured Creditors' right to proceed against any Borrower,
any other Guaranteed Party or any other guarantor of the Guaranteed
Obligations.

                  (e) Each Guarantor hereby waives (to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law) all rights and benefits under Section 580a, 580b,
580d and 726 of the California Code of Civil Procedure. Each Guarantor hereby
further waives (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law), without
limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision hereof, all
rights and benefits which might otherwise be available to such Guarantor under
Sections 2809, 2810, 2815, 2819, 2821, 2839, 2845, 2848, 2849, 2850, 2899 and
3433 of the California Civil Code.

                  (f) Until the Guaranteed Obligations have been paid in full
in cash, each Guarantor waives its rights of subrogation and reimbursement and
any other rights and defenses available to such Guarantor by reason of
Sections 2787 to 2855, inclusive, of the California Civil Code, including,
without limitation, (1) any defenses such Guarantor may have to this Guaranty
by reason of an election of remedies by the Secured Creditors and (2) any
rights or defenses such Guarantor may have by reason of protection afforded to
any Borrower or any other Guaranteed Party pursuant to the antideficiency or
other laws of California limiting or discharging such Borrower's or such other
Guaranteed Party's indebtedness, including, without limitation, Section 580a,
580b, 580d or 726 of the California Code of Civil Procedure. In furtherance of
such provisions, each Guarantor hereby waives all rights and defenses arising
out of an election of remedies by the Secured Creditors, even though that
election of remedies, such as a nonjudicial foreclosure, destroys such
Guarantor's rights of subrogation and reimbursement against any Borrower or
any other Guaranteed Party by the operation of Section 580d of the California
Code of Civil Procedure or otherwise.

                  (g) Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges and agrees that no
Secured Creditor nor any other Person shall be under any obligation (a) to
marshal any assets in favor of the Guarantor or in payment of any or all of
the liabilities of any Guaranteed Party under the Documents or the obligation
of the Guarantor hereunder or (b) to pursue any other remedy that the
Guarantor may or may not be able to pursue itself any right to which the
Guarantor hereby waives.

                  (h) Each Guarantor warrants and agrees that each of the
waivers set forth in Section 3 and in this Section 4 is made with full
knowledge of its significance and consequences and that if any of such waivers
are determined to be contrary to any applicable law or public policy, such
waivers shall be effective only to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law.

                  5. RIGHTS OF SECURED CREDITORS. Subject to Sections 4 and
13, any Secured Creditor may (except as shall be required by applicable
statute and cannot be waived) at any time and from time to time without the
consent of, or notice to, any Guarantor, without incurring responsibility to
such Guarantor, without impairing or releasing the obligations or liabilities
of such Guarantor hereunder, upon or without any terms or conditions and in
whole or in part:

                  (a) change the manner, place or terms of payment of, and/or
     change, increase or extend the time of payment of, renew, increase,
     accelerate or alter, any of the Guaranteed Obligations (including,
     without limitation, any increase or decrease in the rate of interest
     thereon or the principal amount thereof), any security therefor, or any
     liability incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof, and the
     guaranty herein made shall apply to the Guaranteed Obligations as so
     changed, extended, increased, accelerated, renewed or altered;

                  (b) take and hold security for the payment of the Guaranteed
     Obligations and sell, exchange, release, surrender, impair, realize upon
     or otherwise deal with in any manner and in any order any property or
     other collateral by whomsoever at any time pledged or mortgaged to
     secure, or howsoever securing, the Guaranteed Obligations or any
     liabilities (including any of those hereunder) incurred directly or
     indirectly in respect thereof or hereof, and/or any offset thereagainst;

                  (c) exercise or refrain from exercising any rights against
     the Borrower, any other Guaranteed Party, any other Credit Party, any
     Subsidiary thereof, any other guarantor of the Borrower or others or
     otherwise act or refrain from acting;

                  (d) release or substitute any one or more endorsers,
     Guarantors, other guarantors, the Borrower, any other Guaranteed Party or
     other obligors;

                  (e) settle or compromise any of the Guaranteed Obligations,
     any security therefor or any liability (including any of those hereunder)
     incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof or hereof, and may
     subordinate the payment of all or any part thereof to the payment of any
     liability (whether due or not) of the Borrower or any other Guaranteed
     Party to creditors of the Borrower or such other Guaranteed Party other
     than the Secured Creditors;

                  (f) apply any sums by whomsoever paid or howsoever realized
     to any liability or liabilities of the Borrower or any other Guaranteed
     Party to the Secured Creditors regardless of what liabilities of the
     Borrower or such other Guaranteed Party remain unpaid;

                  (g) consent to or waive any breach of, or any act, omission
     or default under, any of the Interest Rate Protection Agreements or Other
     Hedging Agreements, the Credit Documents or any of the instruments or
     agreements referred to therein, or otherwise amend, modify or supplement
     any of the Interest Rate Protection Agreements or Other Hedging
     Agreements, the Credit Documents or any of such other instruments or
     agreements;

                  (h) act or fail to act in any manner which may deprive such
     Guarantor of its right to subrogation against the Borrower or any other
     Guaranteed Party to recover full indemnity for any payments made pursuant
     to this Guaranty; and/or

                  (i) take any other action or omit to take any other action
     which would, under otherwise applicable principles of common law, give
     rise to a legal or equitable discharge of such Guarantor from its
     liabilities under this Guaranty (including, without limitation, any
     action or omission whatsoever that might otherwise vary the risk of the
     Guarantor or constitute a legal or equitable defense to or discharge of
     the liabilities of a guarantor or surety or that might otherwise limit
     recourse against the Guarantor).

No invalidity, illegality, irregularity or unenforceability of all or any part
of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Credit Documents or any other agreement or
instrument relating to the Guaranteed Obligations or of any security or
guarantee therefor shall affect, impair or be a defense to this Guaranty, and
this Guaranty shall be primary, absolute and unconditional notwithstanding the
occurrence of any event or the existence of any other circumstances which
might constitute a legal or equitable discharge of a surety or guarantor
except payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations.

                  6. CONTINUING GUARANTY. This Guaranty is a continuing one
and all liabilities to which it applies or may apply under the terms hereof
shall be conclusively presumed to have been created in reliance hereon. No
failure or delay on the part of any Secured Creditor in exercising any right,
power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder preclude
any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right,
power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein expressly specified are
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies which any Secured
Creditor would otherwise have. No notice to or demand on any Guarantor in any
case shall entitle such Guarantor to any other further notice or demand in
similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of any
Secured Creditor to any other or further action in any circumstances without
notice or demand. It is not necessary for any Secured Creditor to inquire into
the capacity or powers of the Borrower or any other Guaranteed Party or the
officers, directors, partners or agents acting or purporting to act on its or
their behalf, and any indebtedness made or created in reliance upon the
professed exercise of such powers shall be guaranteed hereunder.

                  7. SUBORDINATION OF INDEBTEDNESS HELD BY GUARANTORS. Any
indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Guaranteed Party now or hereafter
held by any Guarantor is hereby subordinated to the indebtedness of the
Borrower or such other Guaranteed Party to the Secured Creditors; and such
indebtedness of the Borrower or such other Guaranteed Party to any Guarantor,
if the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, after an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, so requests, shall be collected, enforced and
received by such Guarantor as trustee for the Secured Creditors and be paid
over to the Secured Creditors on account of the indebtedness of the Borrower
or such other Guaranteed Party to the Secured Creditors, but without affecting
or impairing in any manner the liability of such Guarantor under the other
provisions of this Guaranty. Prior to the transfer by any Guarantor of any
note or negotiable instrument evidencing any indebtedness of the Borrower or
any other Guaranteed Party to such Guarantor, such Guarantor shall mark such
note or negotiable instrument with a legend that the same is subject to this
subordination. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each
Guarantor hereby agrees with the Secured Creditors that it will not exercise
any right of subrogation which it may at any time otherwise have as a result
of this Guaranty (whether contractual, under Section 509 of the Bankruptcy
Code or otherwise) until all Guaranteed Obligations have been irrevocably paid
in full in cash; provided, that if any amount shall be paid to the Guarantor
on account of such subrogation rights at any time prior to the irrevocable
payment in full in cash of all the Guaranteed Obligations, such amount shall
be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and shall forthwith
be paid to the Secured Creditors to be credited and applied upon the
Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the
terms of the Credit Documents or, if the Credit Documents do not provide for
the application of such amount, to be held by the Secured Creditors as
collateral security for any Guaranteed Obligations thereafter existing.

                  8. GUARANTY ENFORCEABLE BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR
COLLATERAL AGENT. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere
in this Guaranty, the Secured Creditors agree (by their acceptance of the
benefits of this Guaranty) that this Guaranty may be enforced only by the
action of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, in each case
acting upon the instructions of the Required Lenders (or, after the date on
which all Credit Document Obligations have been paid in full, the holders of
at least a majority of the outstanding Other Obligations) and that no other
Secured Creditor shall have any right individually to seek to enforce or to
enforce this Guaranty or to realize upon the security to be granted by the
Security Documents, it being understood and agreed that such rights and
remedies may be exercised by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent
or, after all the Credit Document Obligations have been paid in full, by the
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Other Obligations, as the
case may be, for the benefit of the Secured Creditors upon the terms of this
Guaranty and the Security Documents. The Secured Creditors further agree that
this Guaranty may not be enforced against any director, officer, employee,
partner, member or stockholder of any Guarantor (except to the extent such
partner, member or stockholder is also a Guarantor hereunder). It is
understood and agreed that the agreement in this Section 8 is among and solely
for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and that, if the Required Lenders
(or, after the date on which all Credit Document Obligations have been paid in
full, the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Other Obligations)
so agree (without requiring the consent of any Guarantor), this Guaranty may
be directly enforced by any Secured Creditor.

                  9. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF GUARANTORS.
In order to induce the Lenders to make Loans to, and issue Letters of Credit
for the account of, the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, and in
order to induce the Other Creditors to execute, deliver and perform the
Interest Rate Protection Agreements and Other Hedging Agreements to which they
are a party, each Guarantor represents, warrants and covenants that:

                  (a) such Guarantor (i) is a duly organized and validly
     existing corporation, partnership or limited liability company, as the
     case may be, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
     organization, (ii) has the corporate, partnership or limited liability
     company power and authority, as the case may be, to own its property and
     assets and to transact the business in which it is engaged and presently
     proposes to engage and (iii) is duly qualified and is authorized to do
     business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the conduct
     of its business requires such qualification except for failures to be so
     qualified which, either individually or in the aggregate, could not
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

                  (b) such Guarantor has the corporate, partnership or limited
     liability company power and authority, as the case may be, to execute,
     deliver and perform the terms and provisions of this Guaranty and each
     other Credit Document (such term, for purposes of this Guaranty, to mean
     each Credit Document (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and each
     Interest Rate Protection Agreement and Other Hedging Agreement with an
     Other Creditor) to which it is a party and has taken all necessary
     corporate, partnership or limited liability company action, as the case
     may be, to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of
     this Guaranty and each such other Credit Document;

                  (c) such Guarantor has duly executed and delivered this
     Guaranty and each other Credit Document to which it is a party, and this
     Guaranty and each such other Credit Document constitutes the legal, valid
     and binding obligation of such Guarantor enforceable in accordance with
     its terms, except to the extent that the enforceability hereof or thereof
     may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
     moratorium or other similar laws generally affecting creditors' rights
     and by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought
     in equity or at law);

                  (d) neither the execution, delivery or performance by such
     Guarantor of this Guaranty or any other Credit Document to which it is a
     party, nor compliance by it with the terms and provisions hereof and
     thereof, will (i) contravene any provision of any applicable law,
     statute, rule or regulation or any applicable order, writ, injunction or
     decree of any court or governmental instrumentality, (ii) conflict with
     or result in any breach of any of the terms, covenants, conditions or
     provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation
     or imposition of (or the obligation to create or impose) any Lien (except
     pursuant to the Security Documents) upon any of the property or assets of
     such Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any
     indenture, material mortgage, material deed of trust, loan agreement,
     credit agreement, or any other material agreement, contract or instrument
     to which such Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which
     it or any of its property or assets is bound or to which it may be
     subject or (iii) violate any provision of the certificate or articles of
     incorporation, by-laws, partnership agreement or limited liability
     company agreement (or equivalent organizational documents), as the case
     may be, of such Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries;

                  (e) no order, consent, approval, license, authorization or
     validation of, or filing, recording or registration with (except as have
     been obtained or made prior to the date when required and which remain in
     full force and effect), or exemption by, any governmental or public body
     or authority, or any subdivision thereof, is required to authorize, or is
     required in connection with, (i) the execution, delivery and performance
     of this Guaranty by such Guarantor or any other Credit Document to which
     such Guarantor is a party or (ii) the legality, validity, binding effect
     or enforceability of this Guaranty or any other Document to which such
     Guarantor is a party;

                  (f) there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or,
     to such Guarantor's knowledge, threatened (i) with respect to this
     Guaranty or any other Credit Document to which such Guarantor is a party,
     (ii) with respect to such Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries that,
     either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to
     have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii) that could reasonably be expected
     to have a material adverse effect on the rights or remedies of the
     Secured Creditors or on the ability of such Guarantor to perform its
     obligations to the Secured Creditors hereunder and under the other Credit
     Documents to which it is a party;

                  (g) until the termination of the Total Commitment and all
     Interest Rate Protection Agreements and Other Hedging Agreements with an
     Other Creditor and until such time as no Note or Letter of Credit remains
     outstanding and all Guaranteed Obligations have been paid in full (other
     than indemnities described in Section 12.06 of the Credit Agreement and
     analogous provisions in the Security Documents which are not then due and
     payable), such Guarantor will comply, and will cause each of its
     Subsidiaries to comply, with all of the applicable provisions, covenants
     and agreements contained in Sections 8 and 9 of the Credit Agreement, and
     will take, or will refrain from taking, as the case may be, all actions
     that are necessary to be taken or not taken so that no violation of any
     provision, covenant or agreement contained in Section 12.06 of the Credit
     Agreement, and so that no Default or Event of Default, is caused by the
     actions of such Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries; and

                  (h) an executed (or conformed) copy of each of the Credit
     Documents, the Interest Rate Protection Agreements and the Other Hedging
     Agreements has been made available to a senior officer of such Guarantor
     and such officer is familiar with the contents thereof.

                  10. EXPENSES. The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally
agree to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Collateral
Agent, the Administrative Agent and each other Secured Creditor in connection
with the enforcement of this Guaranty and the protection of the Secured
Creditors' rights hereunder and any amendment, waiver or consent relating
hereto (including, in each case, without limitation, the reasonable fees and
disbursements of counsel (including in-house counsel) employed by the
Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent and each other Secured Creditor).

                  11. BENEFIT AND BINDING EFFECT. This Guaranty shall be
binding upon each Guarantor and its successors and assigns and shall inure to
the benefit of the Secured Creditors and their successors and assigns.

                  12. AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. Neither this Guaranty nor any
provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated except with
the written consent of each Guarantor directly affected thereby (it being
understood that the addition or release of any Guarantor hereunder shall not
constitute a change, waiver, discharge or termination affecting any Guarantor
other than the Guarantor so added or released) and with the written consent of
either (x) the Required Lenders (or, to the extent required by Section 13.12
of the Credit Agreement, with the written consent of each Lender) at all times
prior to the time at which all Credit Document Obligations have been paid in
full or (y) the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Other
Obligations at all times after the time at which all Credit Document
Obligations have been paid in full; provided, that any change, waiver,
modification or variance affecting the rights and benefits of a single Class
(as defined below) of Secured Creditors (and not all Secured Creditors in a
like or similar manner) shall also require the written consent of the
Requisite Creditors (as defined below) of such Class of Secured Creditors. For
the purpose of this Guaranty, the term "Class" shall mean each class of
Secured Creditors, i.e., whether (x) the Lender Creditors as holders of the
Credit Document Obligations or (y) the Other Creditors as the holders of the
Other Obligations. For the purpose of this Guaranty, the term "Requisite
Creditors" of any Class shall mean (x) with respect to the Credit Document
Obligations, the Required Lenders (or, to the extent required by Section 13.12
of the Credit Agreement, each Lender) and (y) with respect to the Other
Obligations, the holders of at least a majority of all Other Obligations
outstanding from time to time under the Interest Rate Protection Agreements
and Other Hedging Agreements.

                  13. SET OFF. In addition to any rights now or hereafter
granted under applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 151 of
the New York Debtor and Creditor Law) and not by way of limitation of any such
rights, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default
(such term to mean and include any "Event of Default" as defined in the Credit
Agreement and any payment default under any Interest Rate Protection Agreement
or Other Hedging Agreement with an Other Creditor continuing after any
applicable grace period), each Secured Creditor is hereby authorized, at any
time or from time to time, without notice to any Guarantor or to any other
Person, any such notice being expressly waived, to set off and to appropriate
and apply any and all deposits (general or special) and any other indebtedness
at any time held or owing by such Secured Creditor to or for the credit or the
account of such Guarantor, against and on account of the obligations and
liabilities of such Guarantor to such Secured Creditor under this Guaranty,
irrespective of whether or not such Secured Creditor shall have made any
demand hereunder and although said obligations, liabilities, deposits or
claims, or any of them, shall be contingent or unmatured. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Guaranty, at any time that the
Guaranteed Obligations shall be secured by any Real Property located in the
State of California, no Secured Creditor shall exercise any right of set-off,
lien or counterclaim or take any court or administrative action or institute
any proceedings to enforce any provision of this Guaranty without the prior
consent of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders or, to the extent
required by Section 13.12 of the Credit Agreement, all of the Lenders, if such
setoff or action or proceeding would or might (pursuant to Sections 580a,
580b, 580d and 726 of the California Code of Civil Procedure or Section 2924
of the California Civil Code, if applicable, or otherwise) affect or impair
the validity, priority, or enforceability of the liens granted to the
Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents or the enforceability of
the Guaranteed Obligations hereunder, and any attempted exercise by any
Secured Creditor or the Administrative Agent of any such right without
obtaining such consent of the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent
shall be null and void. It is understood and agreed that the foregoing
sentence of this Section 13 is for the sole benefit of the Secured Creditors
and may be amended, modified or waived in any respect by the Required Lenders
(without any requirement of prior notice to or consent by any Credit Party or
any other Person) and does not constitute a waiver of any rights against any
Credit Party or against any Collateral. Each Secured Creditor (by its
acceptance of the benefits hereof) acknowledges and agrees that the provisions
of this Section 13 are subject to the sharing provisions set forth in Section
13.06 of the Credit Agreement.

                  14. NOTICE. Except as otherwise specified herein, all
notices, requests, demands or other communications to or upon the respective
parties hereto shall be sent or delivered by mail, telegraph, telex, telecopy,
cable or courier service and all such notices and communications shall, when
mailed, telegraphed, telexed, telecopied, or cabled or sent by courier, be
effective when deposited in the mails, delivered to the telegraph company,
cable company or overnight courier, as the case may be, or sent by telex or
telecopier, except that notices and communications to the Administrative Agent
or any Guarantor shall not be effective until received by the Administrative
Agent or such Guarantor, as the case may be. All notices and other
communications shall be in writing and addressed to such party at (i) in the
case of any Lender Creditor, as provided in the Credit Agreement, (ii) in the
case of any Guarantor, at its address set forth opposite its signature page
below, and (iii) in the case of any Other Creditor, at such address as such
Other Creditor shall have specified in writing to the Guarantors; or in any
case at such other address as any of the Persons listed above may hereafter
notify the others in writing.

                  15. REINSTATEMENT. If any claim is ever made upon any
Secured Creditor for repayment or recovery of any amount or amounts received
in payment or on account of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and any of the
aforesaid payees repays all or part of said amount by reason of (i) any
judgment, decree or order of any court or administrative body having
jurisdiction over such payee or any of its property or (ii) any settlement or
compromise of any such claim effected by such payee with any such claimant
(including, without limitation, the Borrower or any other Guaranteed Party),
then and in such event each Guarantor agrees that any such judgment, decree,
order, settlement or compromise shall be binding upon such Guarantor,
notwithstanding any revocation hereof or the cancellation of any Note, any
Interest Rate Protection Agreement, any Other Hedging Agreement or any other
instrument evidencing any liability of the Borrower or any other Guaranteed
Party, and such Guarantor shall be and remain liable to the aforesaid payees
hereunder for the amount so repaid or recovered to the same extent as if such
amount had never originally been received by any such payee.

                  16. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; SERVICE OF PROCESS; AND WAIVER
OF TRIAL BY JURY. (a) THIS GUARANTY AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE
SECURED CREDITORS AND OF THE UNDERSIGNED HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Any legal
action or proceeding with respect to this Guaranty or any other Credit
Document to which any Guarantor is a party may be brought in the courts of the
State of New York or of the United States of America for the Southern District
of New York, in each case located within the City of New York, and, by
execution and delivery of this Guaranty, each Guarantor hereby irrevocably
accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and
unconditionally, the jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. Each Guarantor
hereby further irrevocably waives any claim that any such courts lack
jurisdiction over such Guarantor, and agrees not to plead or claim, in any
legal action or proceeding with respect to this Guaranty or any other Credit
Document to which such Guarantor is a party brought in any of the aforesaid
courts, that any such court lacks jurisdiction over such Guarantor. Each
Guarantor further irrevocably consents to the service of process out of any of
the aforementioned courts in any such action or proceeding by the mailing of
copies thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to each
Guarantor at its address set forth opposite its signature below, such service
to become effective 30 days after such mailing. Each Guarantor hereby
irrevocably waives any objection to such service of process and further
irrevocably waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any action or
proceeding commenced hereunder or under any other Credit Document to which
such Guarantor is a party that such service of process was in any way invalid
or ineffective. Nothing herein shall affect the right of any of the Secured
Creditors to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or to commence
legal proceedings or otherwise proceed against each Guarantor in any other
jurisdiction.

                  (b) Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives (to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law) any objection which it may now or
hereafter have to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions or
proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Guaranty or any other
Credit Document to which such Guarantor is a party brought in the courts
referred to in clause (a) above and hereby further irrevocably waives and
agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that such action or proceeding
brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

                  (c) EACH GUARANTOR AND EACH SECURED CREDITOR (BY ITS
ACCEPTANCE OF THE BENEFITS OF THIS GUARANTY) HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL
RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS GUARANTY, THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS TO WHICH SUCH
GUARANTOR IS A PARTY OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

                  17. RELEASE OF LIABILITY OF GUARANTOR UPON SALE OR
DISSOLUTION. In the event that all of the capital stock or other equity
interests of one or more Guarantors is sold or otherwise disposed of or
liquidated in compliance with the requirements of Section 9.02 of the Credit
Agreement (or such sale, other disposition or liquidation has been approved in
writing by the Required Lenders (or all the Lenders if required by Section
12.06 of the Credit Agreement)) and the proceeds of such sale, disposition or
liquidation are applied in accordance with the provisions of the Credit
Agreement, to the extent applicable, such Guarantor shall, upon consummation
of such sale or other disposition (except to the extent that such sale or
disposition is to the Borrower or another Subsidiary thereof), be released
from this Guaranty automatically and without further action and this Guaranty
shall, as to each such Guarantor or Guarantors, terminate, and have no further
force or effect (it being understood and agreed that the sale of one or more
Persons that own, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other
equity interests of any Guarantor shall be deemed to be a sale of such
Guarantor for the purposes of this Section 17).

                  18. CONTRIBUTION. At any time a payment in respect of the
Guaranteed Obligations is made under this Guaranty, the right of contribution
of each Guarantor against each other Guarantor shall be determined as provided
in the immediately following sentence, with the right of contribution of each
Guarantor to be revised and restated as of each date on which a payment (a
"Relevant Payment") is made on the Guaranteed Obligations under this Guaranty.
At any time that a Relevant Payment is made by a Guarantor that results in the
aggregate payments made by such Guarantor in respect of the Guaranteed
Obligations to and including the date of the Relevant Payment exceeding such
Guarantor's Contribution Percentage (as defined below) of the aggregate
payments made by all Guarantors in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations to
and including the date of the Relevant Payment (such excess, the "Aggregate
Excess Amount"), each such Guarantor shall have a right of contribution
against each other Guarantor who has made payments in respect of the
Guaranteed Obligations to and including the date of the Relevant Payment in an
aggregate amount less than such other Guarantor's Contribution Percentage of
the aggregate payments made to and including the date of the Relevant Payment
by all Guarantors in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations (the aggregate
amount of such deficit, the "Aggregate Deficit Amount") in an amount equal to
(x) a fraction the numerator of which is the Aggregate Excess Amount of such
Guarantor and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Excess Amount of all
Guarantors multiplied by (y) the Aggregate Deficit Amount of such other
Guarantor. A Guarantor's right of contribution pursuant to the preceding
sentences shall arise at the time of each computation, subject to adjustment
to the time of each computation; provided that no Guarantor may take any
action to enforce such right until the Guaranteed Obligations have been
irrevocably paid in full in cash and the Total Commitment and all Letters of
Credit have been terminated, it being expressly recognized and agreed by all
parties hereto that any Guarantor's right of contribution arising pursuant to
this Section 18 against any other Guarantor shall be expressly junior and
subordinate to such other Guarantor's obligations and liabilities in respect
of the Guaranteed Obligations and any other obligations owing under this
Guaranty. As used in this Section 18: (i) each Guarantor's "Contribution
Percentage" shall mean the percentage obtained by dividing (x) the Adjusted
Net Worth (as defined below) of such Guarantor by (y) the aggregate Adjusted
Net Worth of all Guarantors; (ii) the "Adjusted Net Worth" of each Guarantor
shall mean the greater of (x) the Net Worth (as defined below) of such
Guarantor and (y) zero; and (iii) the "Net Worth" of each Guarantor shall mean
the amount by which the fair saleable value of such Guarantor's assets on the
date of any Relevant Payment exceeds its existing debts and other liabilities
(including contingent liabilities, but without giving effect to any Guaranteed
Obligations arising under this Guaranty or any guaranteed obligations arising
under any guaranty of the Second-Lien Note Indenture) on such date.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, any Guarantor that
is released from this Guaranty pursuant to Section 17 hereof shall thereafter
have no contribution obligations, or rights, pursuant to this Section 18, and
at the time of any such release, if the released Guarantor had an Aggregate
Excess Amount or an Aggregate Deficit Amount, same shall be deemed reduced to
$0, and the contribution rights and obligations of the remaining Guarantors
shall be recalculated on the respective date of release (as otherwise provided
above) based on the payments made hereunder by the remaining Guarantors. All
parties hereto recognize and agree that, except for any right of contribution
arising pursuant to this Section 18 each Guarantor who makes any payment in
respect of the Guaranteed Obligations shall have no right of contribution or
subrogation against any other Guarantor in respect of such payment until all
of the Guaranteed Obligations have been irrevocably paid in full in cash. Each
of the Guarantors recognizes and acknowledges that the rights to contribution
arising hereunder shall constitute an asset in favor of the party entitled to
such contribution. In this connection, each Guarantor has the right to waive
its contribution right against any Guarantor to the extent that after giving
effect to such waiver such Guarantor would remain solvent, in the
determination of the Required Lenders.

                  19. LIMITATION ON GUARANTEED OBLIGATIONS. Each Guarantor and
each Secured Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of this Guaranty)
hereby confirms that it is its intention that this Guaranty not constitute a
fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of the Bankruptcy Code, the
Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act or any similar Federal or state law. To
effectuate the foregoing intention, each Guarantor and each Secured Creditor
(by its acceptance of the benefits of this Guaranty) hereby irrevocably agrees
that the Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed by such Guarantor shall be limited
to such amount as will, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all
other (contingent or otherwise) liabilities of such Guarantor that are
relevant under such laws (it being understood that it is the intention of the
parties to this Guaranty and the parties to any guaranty of the Second-Lien
Note Indenture that, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable laws,
the liabilities in respect of the guarantees of the Second-Lien Note Indenture
shall not be included for the foregoing purposes and that, if any reduction is
required to the amount guaranteed by any Guarantor hereunder and with respect
to the Second-Lien Note Indenture that its guarantee of amounts owing in
respect of the Second-Lien Note Indenture shall first be reduced) and after
giving effect to any rights to contribution pursuant to any agreement
providing for an equitable contribution among such Guarantor and the other
Guarantors, result in the Guaranteed Obligations of such Guarantor in respect
of such maximum amount not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.

                  20. COUNTERPARTS. This Guaranty may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an
original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same
instrument. A set of counterparts executed by all the parties hereto shall be
lodged with the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

                  21. PAYMENTS. All payments made by any Guarantor hereunder
will be made without setoff, counterclaim or other defense and on the same
basis as payments are made by the Borrower under Sections 4.01 and 4.012 of
the Credit Agreement.

                  22. ADDITIONAL GUARANTORS. It is understood and agreed that
any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is required to execute a counterpart of
this Guaranty after the date hereof pursuant to the Credit Agreement shall
become a Guarantor hereunder by (x) executing and delivering a counterpart
hereof to the Administrative Agent or (y) executing a joinder agreement and
delivering same to the Administrative Agent, in each case as may be requested
by (and in form and substance satisfactory to) the Administrative Agent and
(y) taking all actions as specified in this Guaranty as would have been taken
by such Guarantor had it been an original party to this Guaranty, in each case
with all documents and actions required to be taken to be taken above to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent.

                  23. HEADINGS DESCRIPTIVE. The headings of the several
Sections of this Guaranty are inserted for convenience only and shall not in
any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Guaranty.

                  24. FCC CONSENT. Notwithstanding anything herein which may
be construed to the contrary, no action shall be taken by any of the
Administrative Agent and the Secured Creditors with respect to any license of
the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") unless and until any applicable
rules and regulations thereunder, requiring the consent to or approval of such
action by the FCC or any governmental or other authority, have been satisfied.
Each Guarantor agrees to use its best efforts, including taking any action
which the Administrative Agent and the Secured Creditors may reasonably
request, to assist in obtaining any required consent or approval of the FCC or
any other governmental or other authority for any sale or transfer of control
of the Collateral contemplated by the security documents pursuant to the
exercise of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the
Secured Creditors thereunder, including, upon request, to prepare, sign and
file with the FCC the assignor's or transferor's and licensee's portions of
any applications required under the rules of the FCC for consent to the
assignment or transfer of control of any FCC construction permit, license or
other authorization.

                  Each Guarantor further consents, subject to obtaining any
necessary approvals, to the assignment or transfer of control of any FCC or
other governmental construction permit, license, or other authorization to
operate, to a receiver, trustee, or similar official or to any purchaser of
the Collateral pursuant to any public or private sale, judicial sale,
foreclosure, or exercise of other remedies available to Administrative Agent
and the Secured Creditors as permitted by applicable law.

                                     * * *

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Guarantor has caused this Guaranty
to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                                           <C>

Address:                                                      BRAINSTORM NETWORKS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      HOT SPOTS PRODUCTIONS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      ON TV, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN-BECOCOM, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Telecom Services of Massachusetts, Inc.
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN CABLE TV OF CHICAGO, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN ENTERTAINMENT, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN FINANCE, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Corporation, its managing member
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN INTERNET SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF MASSACHUSETTS, INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF PHILADELPHIA, INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF VIRGINIA, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF WASHINGTON D.C., INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RFM 2, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Corporation, its managing member
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RLH PROPERTY CORPORATION, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      TEC AIR, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      21ST CENTURY TELECOM SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      UNET HOLDING, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                           <C>
Address:                                                      STARPOWER COMMUNICATIONS, LLC,
                                                                as a Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540
Attention: Chief Financial Officer
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              ---------------------------------------
                                                                 Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                 Title: Manager
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                          <C>
Accepted and Agreed to:                                      Address:

                                                             60 Wall Street
                                                             New York, New York 10005
DEUTSCHE BANK AG CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH,                      Tel: (212) 250-6142
     as Collateral Agent and Pledgee                         Fax: (212) 797-5692


By: /s/ Alexander Richarz
   ----------------------------
   Name:  Alexander Richarz
   Title: Vice President


By: /s/ Gregory Shefrin
   ----------------------------
   Name:  Gregory Shefrin
   Title: Director
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               Table of Contents

                                                                                                               Page
                                                                                                               ----

<S>                                                                                                            <C>

 1. GUARANTY....................................................................................................2
 2. LIABILITY OF GUARANTORS ABSOLUTE............................................................................3
 3. OBLIGATIONS OF GUARANTORS INDEPENDENT.......................................................................4
 4. WAIVERS BY GUARANTORS.......................................................................................4
 5. RIGHTS OF SECURED CREDITORS.................................................................................6
 6. CONTINUING GUARANTY.........................................................................................8
 7. SUBORDINATION OF INDEBTEDNESS HELD BY GUARANTORS............................................................8
 8. GUARANTY ENFORCEABLE BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR COLLATERAL AGENT............................................9
 9. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF GUARANTORS.....................................................9
10. EXPENSES...................................................................................................11
11. BENEFIT AND BINDING EFFECT.................................................................................11
12. AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS........................................................................................11
13. SET OFF....................................................................................................12
14. NOTICE.....................................................................................................12
15. REINSTATEMENT..............................................................................................13
16. CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; SERVICE OF PROCESS; AND WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY...................................13
17. RELEASE OF LIABILITY OF GUARANTOR UPON SALE OR DISSOLUTION.................................................14
18. CONTRIBUTION...............................................................................................14
19. LIMITATION ON GUARANTEED OBLIGATIONS.......................................................................15
20. COUNTERPARTS...............................................................................................16
21. PAYMENTS...................................................................................................16
22. ADDITIONAL GUARANTORS......................................................................................16
23. HEADINGS DESCRIPTIVE.......................................................................................16
24. FCC CONSENT................................................................................................16

</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>nyc4522013.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.7 - INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 99.7


                            INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT


         This INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT, dated as of December 21, 2004, and
entered into by and among RCN CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the
"Borrower"), each other Grantor (as hereinafter defined) from time to time
party hereto, DEUTSCHE BANK AG CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH ("DBAG"), in its
capacities as administrative agent and collateral agent under the First-Lien
Credit Documents (as defined below) (together with its successors and assigns
from time to time in such capacities, the "First-Lien Collateral Agent"), HSBC
BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("HSBC"), in its capacities as trustee and
collateral agent under the Second-Lien Note Documents (as defined below)
(together with its successors and assigns from time to time in such
capacities, the "Second-Lien Collateral Agent") and HSBC, in its capacities as
administrative agent and collateral agent under the Third-Lien Credit
Documents (as defined below) (together with its successors and assigns from
time to time, the "Third-Lien Collateral Agent"). Capitalized terms used
herein but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in Section
1 below.


                                   RECITALS

         WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and DBAG, as
administrative agent (in such capacity, together with any successor or
assigns, the "First-Lien Administrative Agent"), have entered into that
certain Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated,
supplemented, modified and/or Refinanced from time to time, the "First-Lien
Credit Agreement");

         WHEREAS, the Borrower and HSBC, as trustee (in such capacity,
together with any successors and assigns, the "Second-Lien Trustee"), have
entered into that certain Indenture, dated as of the date hereof (as amended,
restated, supplemented, modified and/or Refinanced from time to time, the
"Second-Lien Note Indenture") pursuant to which the Borrower will issue its
7?% Convertible Second Lien Notes due 2012;

         WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and HSBC, as agent
(in such capacity, together with any successor or assigns, the "Third-Lien
Administrative Agent") have entered into that certain Amended and Restated
Term Loan and Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004 (as amended,
restated, supplemented, modified and/or Refinanced from time to time, the
"Third-Lien Credit Agreement");

         WHEREAS, the obligations of the Borrower and the other Grantors under
the First-Lien Credit Documents, and all Hedging Obligations under Interest
Rate Protection Agreements with one or more Hedging Creditors, will be secured
by substantially all the assets of the Borrower and the other Grantors,
respectively, pursuant to the terms of the First-Lien Security Documents;

         WHEREAS, the obligations of the Borrower and the other Grantors under
the Second-Lien Note Documents will be secured by substantially all the assets
of the Borrower and the other Grantors, respectively, pursuant to the terms of
the Second-Lien Security Documents;

<PAGE>

         WHEREAS, the obligations of the Borrower under the Third-Lien Credit
Documents will be secured by substantially all the assets of the Borrower (but
not any other Grantor) pursuant to the terms of the Third-Lien Security
Documents;

         WHEREAS, the First-Lien Credit Documents, the Second-Lien Note
Documents and the Third-Lien Credit Documents provide, among other things,
that the parties thereto shall set forth in this Agreement their respective
rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral;

         WHEREAS, in order to induce the First-Lien Collateral Agent and the
First-Lien Creditors to consent to the Grantors incurring the Second-Lien
Obligations and the Borrower incurring the Third-Lien Obligations and to
induce the First-Lien Creditors to extend credit and other financial
accommodations and lend monies to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any
other Grantor, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent on behalf of the Second-Lien
Creditors (and each Second-Lien Creditor by its acceptance of the benefits of
the Second-Lien Security Documents) and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent on
behalf of the Third-Lien Creditors (and each Third-Lien Creditor by its
acceptance of the benefits of the Third-Lien Security Documents) has agreed to
the subordination, intercreditor and other provisions set forth in this
Agreement;

         WHEREAS, in order to induce the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the
Second-Lien Creditors to consent to the Grantors incurring the Second-Lien
Obligations and the Borrower incurring the Third-Lien Obligations and to
induce the Second-Lien Creditors to extend credit and other financial
accommodations and lend monies to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any
other Grantor, the First-Lien Collateral Agent on behalf of the First-Lien
Creditors (and each First-Lien Creditor by its acceptance of the benefits of
the First-Lien Security Documents) and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent on
behalf of the Third-Lien Creditors (and each Third-Lien Creditor by its
acceptance of the benefits of the Third-Lien Security Documents) has agreed to
the intercreditor and other provisions set forth in this Agreement;

         WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors may, from time to
time, incur additional secured debt which the Borrower and the First-Lien
Collateral Agent may agree may share a first-priority security interest in the
Collateral in accordance with the First-Lien Credit Documents in existence at
the time of such incurrence but such additional secured debt shall constitute
First-Lien Obligations only to the extent provided in the definition thereof
contained herein; and

         WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors may, from time to
time, incur additional secured debt which the Borrower and the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent may agree may share a second-priority security interest in
the Collateral in accordance with the Second-Lien Note Documents in existence
at the time of such incurrence but such additional secured debt shall
constitute Second-Lien Obligations only to the extent provided in the
definition thereof contained herein;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual
covenants and obligations herein set forth and for other good and valuable
consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged,
the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

                                     -2-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 1.   Definitions.
                      -----------

         1.1    Defined Terms. As used in the Agreement, the following terms
shall have the following meanings:

         "Agreement" means this Agreement, as amended, renewed, extended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the
terms hereof.

         "Bankruptcy Code" means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled
"Bankruptcy," as now and hereafter in effect, or any successor statute.

         "Bankruptcy Court" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(b)
hereof.

         "Bankruptcy Law" means the Bankruptcy Code and any similar federal,
state or foreign law for the relief of debtors.

         "Borrower" has the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this
Agreement.

         "Business Day" means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day
on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law
to close.

         "Collateral" means all of the assets and property of any Grantor,
whether real, personal or mixed, constituting First-Lien Collateral,
Second-Lien Collateral and/or Third-Lien Collateral.

         "Collateral Agent" means, as the context requires, collectively, the
First-Lien Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and/or the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent.

         "Comparable Second-Lien Security Document" means, in relation to any
Collateral subject to any Lien created under any First-Lien Security Document,
that Second-Lien Security Document which creates a Lien on the same
Collateral, granted by the same Grantor.

         "Comparable Third-Lien Security Document" means, in relation to any
Collateral of the Borrower subject to any Lien created under any First-Lien
Security Document, that Third-Lien Security Document which creates a Lien on
the same Collateral, granted by the Borrower.

         "Consolidated EBITDA" has the meaning provided in the First-Lien
Credit Agreement, as originally in effect.

         "Creditors" means, collectively, the First-Lien Creditors, the
Second-Lien Creditors and the Third-Lien Creditors.

         "DBAG" has the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this
Agreement.

         "Defaulting Creditor" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.7(d)
hereto.

         "Discharge of First-Lien Obligations" means, except to the extent
otherwise provided in Section 5.6 (and subject to Section 6.5), (a) payment in
full in cash of the principal of and interest (including interest accruing on
or after the commencement of any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding, whether

                                     -3-
<PAGE>

or not such interest would be allowed in such Insolvency or Liquidation
Proceeding) and premium, if any, on all Indebtedness outstanding under the
First-Lien Documents, (b) payment in full of all other First-Lien Obligations
that are due and payable or otherwise accrued and owing at or prior to the
time such principal and interest and premium, if any, are paid, (c)
termination (without any prior demand for payment thereunder having been made
or, if made, with such demand having been fully reimbursed in cash) or cash
collateralization (in an amount and manner, and on terms, satisfactory to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent) of all letters of credit and Interest Rate
Protection Agreements issued or entered into, as the case may be, by any
Hedging Creditor and (d) termination of all other commitments of the
First-Lien Creditors under the First-Lien Credit Documents.

         "Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations" means, except to the extent
otherwise provided in Section 5.6 (and subject to Section 6.5), (a) payment in
full in cash of the principal of and interest (including interest accruing on
or after the commencement of any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding, whether
or not such interest would be allowed in such Insolvency or Liquidation
Proceeding) and premium, if any, on all Indebtedness outstanding under the
Second-Lien Note Documents and (b) payment in full of all other Second-Lien
Obligations that are due and payable or otherwise accrued and owing at or
prior to the time such principal and interest and premium, if any, are paid.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, for purposes of this
Agreement, any Second-Lien Obligations converted into equity of the Borrower
(or any other Person) at the option of the holder of the respective
Second-Lien Obligations shall be deemed to constitute the payment in full in
cash of the Second-Lien Obligations so converted.

         "Discharge of Third-Lien Obligations" means, except to the extent
otherwise provided in Section 5.6, (a) payment in full in cash of the
principal of and interest (including interest accruing on or after the
commencement of any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding, whether or not such
interest would be allowed in such Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding) and
premium, if any, on all Indebtedness outstanding under the Third-Lien Credit
Documents, (b) payment in full of all other Third-Lien Obligations that are
due and payable or otherwise accrued and owing at or prior to the time such
principal and interest and premium, if any, are paid and (c) termination of
all other commitments of the Third-Lien Creditors under the Third-Lien Credit
Documents.

         "Disposition" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(a)(ii) hereto.

         "Documents" means, as the context requires, collectively, the
First-Lien Documents, the Second-Lien Note Documents and the Third-Lien Credit
Documents.

         "Eligible Purchaser" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.7(a)
hereto.

         "First-Lien Administrative Agent" has the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.

         "First-Lien Collateral" means all of the assets and property of any
Grantor, whether real, personal or mixed, with respect to which a Lien is
granted (or has been purported to be granted) as security for any First-Lien
Obligations; provided that all property and assets of the types described in
the last sentence of Section 1.1(b) of the First-Lien Security Agreement (or
any substantially similar provision contained in any other First-Lien Security

                                     -4-
<PAGE>

Document) or the last sentence of Section 3.1 of the First-Lien Pledge
Agreement (or any substantially similar provision contained in any other
First-Lien Security Document) or consisting of FCC Licenses or Governmental
Authorizations (in each case as defined in the First-Lien Credit Agreement as
originally in effect), shall be deemed to constitute First-Lien Collateral for
purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding the fact that a Lien is not granted
(or purported to be granted) therein.

         "First-Lien Collateral Agent" has the meaning provided in the first
paragraph of this Agreement.

         "First-Lien Credit Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.

         "First-Lien Credit Documents" means the First-Lien Credit Agreement
and the Credit Documents (as defined in the First-Lien Credit Agreement) and
each of the other agreements, documents and instruments providing for or
evidencing any other First-Lien Obligation and any other document or
instrument executed or delivered at any time in connection with any First-Lien
Obligation (including any intercreditor or joinder agreement among holders of
First-Lien Obligations but excluding Interest Rate Protection Agreements), to
the extent such are effective at the relevant time, as each may be amended,
modified, restated, supplemented, replaced and/or Refinanced from time to
time; provided that no such modification of the First-Lien Credit Agreement
shall increase the maximum aggregate principal amount of Loans and stated
amount of Letters of Credit thereunder to amount in excess of the Maximum
First-Lien Credit Documents Principal Amount as then in effect.

         "First-Lien Creditors" means, at any relevant time, the holders of
First-Lien Obligations at such time, including, without limitation, the
First-Lien Lenders, the Hedging Creditors, the First-Lien Collateral Agent,
the First-Lien Administrative Agent and the other agents under the First-Lien
Credit Agreement.

         "First-Lien Documents" shall mean and include the First-Lien Credit
Documents and the Interest Rate Protection Agreements entered into with one or
more Hedging Creditors.

         "First-Lien Lenders" means the "Lenders" under, and as defined in,
the First-Lien Credit Agreement; provided that the term "First-Lien Lender"
shall in any event include each letter of credit issuer and each swingline
lender under the First-Lien Credit Agreement.

         "First-Lien Obligations" means (i) all Obligations outstanding under
the First-Lien Credit Agreement and the other First-Lien Credit Documents, and
(ii) all Hedging Obligations. "First-Lien Obligations" shall in any event
include: (a) all interest accrued or accruing (or which would, absent
commencement of an Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding (and the effect of
provisions such as Section 502(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code), accrue) after
commencement of an Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding in accordance with the
rate specified in the relevant First-Lien Document, whether or not the claim
for such interest is allowed as a claim in such Insolvency or Liquidation
Proceeding, (b) any and all fees and expenses (including attorneys' and/or
financial consultants' fees and expenses) incurred by the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, the First-Lien Administrative Agent and the First-Lien
Creditors after the commencement of an Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding,

                                     -5-
<PAGE>

whether or not the claim for fees and expenses is allowed under Section 506(b)
of the Bankruptcy Code or any other provision of the Bankruptcy Code or
Bankruptcy Law as a claim in such Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding and (c)
all obligations and liabilities of each Grantor under each First-Lien Document
to which it is a party which, but for the automatic stay under Section 362(a)
of the Bankruptcy Code, would become due. The First-Lien Obligations shall not
include (x) principal of Loans or stated amounts of Letters of Credit in
excess of the Maximum First-Lien Credit Documents Principal Amount as in
effect at the time incurred or (y) any amount in clauses (a) through (c) of
the preceding sentence incurred in connection with the enforcement of the
excess amounts referred to in preceding clause (x).

         "First-Lien Pledge Agreement" means the Pledge Agreement, dated as of
the date hereof, among the Borrower, the other Grantors from time to time
party thereto and the First-Lien Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended,
supplemented, restated, modified and/or Refinanced from time to time.

         "First-Lien Required Lenders" shall mean the "Required Lenders"
under, and as defined in, the First-Lien Credit Agreement.

         "First-Lien Security Agreement" means the Security Agreement, dated
as of the date hereof, among the Borrower, the other Grantors from time to
time party thereto and the First-Lien Collateral Agent, as the same may be
amended, supplemented, restated, modified and/or Refinanced from time to time.

         "First-Lien Security Documents" means the Security Documents (as
defined in the First-Lien Credit Agreement) and any other agreement, document
or instrument pursuant to which a Lien is granted securing any First-Lien
Obligations or under which rights or remedies with respect to such Liens are
governed, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated, modified and/or
Refinanced from time to time.

         "Governmental Authority" means the government of the United States of
America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether
state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body,
court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative,
judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or
pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the
European Union or the European Central Bank).

         "Grantors" means the Borrower and each of the Subsidiary Guarantors
that have executed and delivered, or may from time to time hereafter execute
and deliver, a First-Lien Security Document, a Second-Lien Security Document
or a Third-Lien Security Document.

         "Hedging Creditor" means (i) each First-Lien Lender or any affiliate
thereof (even if the respective First-Lien Lender subsequently ceases to be a
First-Lien Lender under the Credit Agreement for any reason) party to an
Interest Rate Protection Agreement with any Grantor and (ii) the respective
successors and assigns of each such First-Lien Lender, affiliate or other
financial institution referred to in clause (i) above.

         "Hedging Obligations" means (i) the full and prompt payment when due
(whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all
obligations (including obligations which, but for the automatic stay under

                                     -6-
<PAGE>

Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, would become due) and liabilities
(including, without limitation, indemnities, fees and interest thereon and all
interest that accrues after the commencement of any Insolvency or Liquidation
Proceeding at the rate provided for in the respective documentation, whether
or not a claim for post-petition interest is allowed in any such Insolvency or
Liquidation Proceeding) of each Grantor owing to the Hedging Creditors, now
existing or hereafter incurred under, arising out of or in connection with
each Interest Rate Protection Agreement (including all such obligations and
indebtedness under any guarantee to which each Grantor is a party) and (ii)
the due performance and compliance by each Grantor with the terms, conditions
and agreements of each Interest Rate Protection Agreement; provided that (x)
any Interest Rate Protection Agreement which expressly states that it is not
entitled to the benefits of the First-Lien Security Documents shall not be
entitled to the benefits thereof (or constitute Hedging Obligations for
purposes hereof) and (y) if any Interest Rate Protection Agreement is entered
into at a time when, immediately after giving effect thereto, the aggregate
notional amount of all then outstanding Interest Rate Protection Agreements
constituting Hedging Obligations hereunder (after giving effect to the
provisions of preceding clause (x)) would exceed the Maximum Hedging
Obligations Notional Amount, then amounts owing with respect to such excess
shall not constitute Hedging Obligations hereunder; provided further that, if
at the time of the entering into of any Interest Rate Protection Agreement the
respective Hedging Creditors obtained an officer's certificate of the Borrower
or a representation by the Borrower that the aggregate notional amount thereof
when added to the aggregate notional amount of all other then outstanding
Interest Rate Protection Agreements which constitute Hedging Obligations
hereunder, shall not or would not exceed the Maximum Hedging Obligations
Notional Amount, then such Interest Rate Protection Agreement (and all
obligations thereunder as described above) shall constitute Hedging
Obligations for all purposes hereof notwithstanding the fact that the Maximum
Hedging Obligations Notional Amount has actually been exceeded.

         "HSBC" has the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this
Agreement.

         "Indebtedness" means and includes all Obligations that constitute
"Indebtedness" within the meaning of the First-Lien Credit Agreement, the
Second-Lien Note Indenture or the Third-Lien Credit Agreement.

         "Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding" means (a) any voluntary or
involuntary case or proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code with respect to any
Grantor, (b) any other voluntary or involuntary insolvency, reorganization or
bankruptcy case or proceeding, or any receivership, liquidation,
reorganization or other similar case or proceeding with respect to any Grantor
or with respect to a material portion of its respective assets, (c) any
liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or winding up of any Grantor whether
voluntary or involuntary and whether or not involving insolvency or bankruptcy
or (d) any assignment for the benefit of creditors or any other marshalling of
assets and liabilities of any Grantor.

         "Interest Rate Protection Agreement" shall mean any interest rate
swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement,
interest rate hedging agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement.

                                     -7-
<PAGE>

         "Letters of Credit" shall mean "Letters of Credit" under, and as
defined in, the First-Lien Credit Agreement.

         "Lien" shall mean any mortgage, pledge, security interest,
encumbrance, lien or charge of any kind (including any agreement to give any
of the foregoing, any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any
financing or similar statement or notice filed under the UCC or any similar
recording or notice statute, and any lease having substantially the same
effect as the foregoing).

         "Loans" shall mean "Loans" under, and as defined in, the First-Lien
Credit Agreement.

         "Maximum First-Lien Credit Documents Principal Amount" shall mean, as
determined on any date, the greater of (x) an amount equal to four times
Consolidated EBITDA for the last four consecutive fiscal quarters for which
financial statements have been delivered to the First-Lien Administrative
Agent pursuant to the First-Lien Credit Agreement (as determined on the basis
of such financial statements) prior to the incurrence of the respective
Indebtedness incurred in reliance on this clause (x) (as may be increased as
provided below) and (y) $400 million; in the case of each of the preceding
clauses (x) and (y), plus an amount equal to $35.5 million.

         "Maximum Hedging Obligations Notional Amount" shall mean an aggregate
notional amount equal to $325 million.

         "Maximum Second-Lien Principal Amount" shall mean $[150] million.

         "Maximum Third-Lien Credit Documents Principal Amount" has the
meaning provided in the definition of "Third-Lien Credit Documents".

         "Megacable" shall mean Megacable, S.A. de C.V.

         "Megacable Entities" shall mean collectively, Megacable, Megacable
Telecommunications, S.A. de C.V. and MCM Holdings, S.A. de C.V.

         "New Agent" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.6(a) hereto.

         "New Second-Lien Agent" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.6(b)
hereto.

         "Obligations" means any and all obligations (including guaranty
obligations) with respect to the payment and performance of (a) any principal
of or interest or premium on any indebtedness, including, without limitation,
any reimbursement obligation in respect of any letter of credit, or any other
liability, including interest that accrues after the commencement of any
Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding of any Grantor at the rate provided for
in the respective documentation, whether or not a claim for post-petition
interest is allowed in any such Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding, (b) any
fees, indemnification obligations, expense reimbursement obligations or other
liabilities payable under the documentation governing any indebtedness
(including, without limitation, the retaking, holding, selling or otherwise
disposing of or realizing on the Collateral), (c) any obligation to post cash
collateral in respect of letters of credit or any other obligations, and (d)

                                     -8-
<PAGE>

all performance obligations under the documentation governing any
indebtedness.

         "Person" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability
company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental
Authority or other entity.

         "Pledged Collateral" means (a) the "Collateral" under, and as defined
in, the First-Lien Pledge Agreement, the Second-Lien Pledge Agreement and the
Third-Lien Pledge Agreement, respectively, and (b) any other Collateral in the
possession of any Collateral Agent (or its agents or bailees), in each case to
the extent that possession thereof is taken to perfect a Lien thereon under
the Uniform Commercial Code.

         "Post-Petition Financing" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(a)
hereto.

         "Priority Lien" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(d)(i)
hereto.

         "Recovery" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.5(a) hereof.

         "RCN International" means RCN International Holdings, Inc.

         "Refinance" means, in respect of any indebtedness, to refinance,
extend, renew, defease, amend, modify, supplement, restructure, replace,
refund or repay, or to issue other indebtedness, in exchange or replacement
for, such indebtedness. "Refinanced" and "Refinancing" shall have correlative
meanings.

         "Remedial Action" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(a)(i)
hereto.

         "Required First-Lien Creditors" shall mean (i) at all times prior to
the occurrence of the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations, the First-Lien
Required Lenders (or, to the extent required by the First-Lien Credit
Agreement, each of the First-Lien Lenders), and (ii) at all times after the
occurrence of the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations, the holders of at least
the majority of the then outstanding Hedging Obligations (determined by the
First-Lien Collateral Agent in such reasonable manner as is acceptable to it).

         "Required Second-Lien Creditors" shall mean the holders of not less
than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Second-Lien Notes at the
time outstanding (as determined in accordance with the Second-Lien Note
Indenture).

         "Second-Lien Trustee" has the meaning set forth in the recitals
hereto.

         "Second-Lien Collateral" means all of the assets of any Grantor,
whether real, personal or mixed, with respect to which a Lien is granted (or
has been purported to be granted) as security for any Second-Lien Obligations;
provided that all property and assets of the types described in the last
sentence of Section 1.1(b) of the Second-Lien Security Agreement (or any
substantially similar provision contained in any other Second-Lien Security
Document) or the last sentence of Section 3.1 of the Second-Lien Pledge
Agreement (or any substantially similar provision contained in any other
Second-Lien Security Document) or consisting of FCC licenses or Governmental
Authorization (in each case as defined in the First-Lien Credit Agreement as

                                     -9-
<PAGE>

originally in effect), shall be deemed to constitute Second-Lien Collateral
for purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding the fact that a Lien is not
granted (or purported to be granted) therein.

         "Second-Lien Collateral Agent" has the meaning provided in the first
paragraph of this Agreement.

         "Second-Lien Creditors" means, at any relevant time, the holders of
Second-Lien Obligations at such time, including without limitation the
Second-Lien Lenders, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Trustee
and any other agents under the Second-Lien Note Indenture.

         "Second-Lien Disposition" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.1(b)(ii) hereto.

         "Second-Lien Lenders" means the "Holders" under and as defined in the
Second-Lien Note Indenture.

         "Second-Lien Mortgages" means a collective reference to each
mortgage, deed of trust and any other document or instrument under which any
Lien on real property owned or leased by any Grantor is granted to secure any
Second-Lien Obligations or under which rights or remedies with respect to any
such Liens are governed.

         "Second-Lien Note Documents" means the Second-Lien Note Indenture and
the Transaction Documents (as defined in the Second-Lien Note Indenture) and
each of the other agreements, documents and instruments providing for or
evidencing any other Second-Lien Obligation, and any other document or
instrument executed or delivered at any time in connection with any
Second-Lien Obligation, as the same may be amended, modified or otherwise
supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, thereof
and the First-Lien Credit Agreement; provided that any such modification does
not increase the aggregate principal amount thereof beyond the limit set forth
in the First-Lien Credit Agreement and is otherwise in accordance with the
provisions of this First-Lien Credit Agreement; and provided further, that any
such modification does not increase the aggregate principal amount of
Second-Lien Obligations beyond the Maximum Second-Lien Principal Amount.

         "Second-Lien Note Indenture" has the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.

         "Second-Lien Note Indenture Priority Lien" has the meaning set forth
in Section 5.1(d)(ii) hereto.

         "Second-Lien Obligations" means all Obligations outstanding under the
Second-Lien Note Indenture and the other Second-Lien Note Documents.
"Second-Lien Obligations" shall in any event include: (a) all interest accrued
or accruing (or which would, absent commencement of an Insolvency or
Liquidation Proceeding (and the effect of provisions such as Section 502(b)(2)
of the Bankruptcy Code), accrue) after commencement of an Insolvency or
Liquidation Proceeding in accordance with the rate specified in the relevant
Second-Lien Note Document whether or not the claim for such interest is
allowed as a claim in such Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding and (b) any
and all fees and expenses (including attorneys' and/or financial consultants'
fees and expenses) incurred by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the

                                     -10-
<PAGE>

Second-Lien Trustee and the Second-Lien Creditors after the commencement of an
Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding, whether or not the claim for fees and
expenses is allowed under Section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code or any other
provision of the Bankruptcy Code or Bankruptcy Law as a claim in such
Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding. The Second-Lien Obligations shall not
include (x) principal in excess of the Maximum Second-Lien Principal Amount or
(y) any amount in clauses (a) through (c) of the preceding sentence incurred
in connection with the enforcement of the excess amounts referred to in
preceding clause (x).

         "Second-Lien Pledge Agreement" means the Pledge Agreement, dated as of
the date hereof, among the Borrower, the other Grantors and the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or
otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and
thereof. "Second-Lien Post-Petition Financing" has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.1(c) hereto.

         "Second-Lien Remedial Action" has the meaning set forth in Section
5.1(b)(i) hereto.

         "Second-Lien Recovery" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.5(b)
hereto.

         "Second-Lien Security Agreement" means the Security Agreement, dated as
of the date hereof, among the Borrower, the other Grantors and the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or
otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and
thereof.

         "Second-Lien Security Documents" means the Security Documents (as
defined in the Second-Lien Note Indenture) and any other agreement, document,
mortgage or instrument pursuant to which a Lien is granted securing any
Second-Lien Obligations or under which rights or remedies with respect to such
Liens are governed, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or
otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and
thereof.

         "Second-Lien Trustee" has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

         "Security Documents" means, collectively, the First-Lien Security
Documents, the Second-Lien Security Documents and the Third-Lien Security
Documents.

         "Subsidiary" of any Person shall mean and include (i) any corporation
more than 50% of whose stock of any class or classes having by the terms thereof
ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation
(irrespective of whether or not at the time stock of any class or classes of
such corporation shall have or might have voting power by reason of the
happening of any contingency) is at the time owned by such Person directly or
indirectly through Subsidiaries and (ii) any partnership, limited liability
company, association, joint venture or other entity (other than a corporation)
in which such Person directly or indirectly through Subsidiaries, has more than
a 50% equity interest at the time.

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

         "Subsidiary Guarantors" means each Subsidiary of the Borrower which
enters into a guaranty of any First-Lien Obligations or Second-Lien Obligations.

         "Third-Lien Administrative Agent" has the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.

         "Third-Lien Collateral" means all of the assets of any Grantor, whether
real, personal or mixed, with respect to which a Lien is granted (or has been
purported to be granted) as security for any Third-Lien Obligations.

         "Third-Lien Collateral Agent" has the meaning set forth in the preamble
hereof.

         "Third-Lien Credit Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the recitals
hereto.

         "Third-Lien Credit Documents" means the Third-Lien Credit Agreement and
the Credit Documents (as defined in the Third-Lien Credit Agreement) and each of
the other agreements, documents and instruments providing for or evidencing any
other Third-Lien Obligation, and any other document or instrument executed or
delivered at any time in connection with any Third-Lien Obligation, as the same
may be amended, modified or otherwise supplemented from time to time in
accordance with the terms hereof, thereof and the First-Lien Credit Agreement;
provided that any such modification does not increase the aggregate principal
amount thereof beyond the lesser of the limit set forth in either the First-Lien
Credit Agreement or the Second-Lien Note Indenture (such lesser amount being
herein called the "Maximum Third-Lien Credit Documents Principal Amount") and is
otherwise in accordance with the provisions of the First-Lien Credit Agreement
and the Second-Lien Note Indenture.

         "Third-Lien Creditors" means, at any relevant time, the holders of
Third-Lien Obligations at such time, including without limitation the Third-Lien
Lenders, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, the Third-Lien Administrative Agent
and any other agents under the Third-Lien Credit Agreement.

         "Third-Lien Lenders" means the "Lenders" under and as defined in the
Third-Lien Credit Agreement.

         "Third-Lien Mortgages" means a collective reference to each mortgage,
deed of trust and any other document or instrument under which any Lien on real
property owned or leased by any Grantor is granted to secure any Third-Lien
Obligations or under which rights or remedies with respect to any such Liens are
governed.

         "Third-Lien Obligations" means all Obligations outstanding under the
Third-Lien Credit Agreement and the other Third-Lien Credit Documents.
"Third-Lien Obligations" shall in any event include: (a) all interest accrued or
accruing (or which would, absent commencement of an Insolvency or Liquidation
Proceeding (and the effect of provisions such as Section 502(b)(2) of the
Bankruptcy Code), accrue) after commencement of an Insolvency or Liquidation
Proceeding in accordance with the rate specified in the relevant Third-Lien
Credit Document whether or not the claim for such interest is allowed as a claim
in such Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding and (b) any and all fees and
expenses (including attorneys' and/or financial consultants' fees and expenses)
incurred by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, the Third-Lien Administrative Agent

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

and the Third-Lien Creditors after the commencement of an Insolvency or
Liquidation Proceeding, whether or not the claim for fees and expenses is
allowed under Section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code or any other provision of
the Bankruptcy Code or Bankruptcy Law as a claim in such Insolvency or
Liquidation Proceeding. The Third-Lien Obligations shall not include (x)
principal in excess of the Maximum Third-Lien Credit Documents Principal Amount
as in effect at the time incurred or (y) any amount in clauses (a) through (c)
of the preceding sentence incurred in connection with the enforcement of the
excess amounts referred to in preceding clause (x).

         "Third-Lien Pledge Agreement" means the Pledge Agreement, dated as of
December 21 2004, among the Borrower and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, as the
same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to
time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

         "Third-Lien Security Documents" means the Security Documents (as
defined in the Third-Lien Credit Agreement) and any other agreement, document,
mortgage or instrument pursuant to which a Lien is granted securing any
Third-Lien Obligations or under which rights or remedies with respect to such
Liens are governed, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or
otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and
thereof.

         "Uniform Commercial Code" or "UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code as
from time to time in effect in the State of New York.

         1.2    Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply
equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the
context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine,
feminine and neuter forms. The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall
be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation." The word "will"
shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word "shall".
Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any
agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring
to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified, (b) any reference herein to any Person shall
be construed to include such Person's successors and assigns, (c) the words
"herein", "hereof" and "hereunder", and words of similar import, shall be
construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular
provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Exhibits or Sections shall be
construed to refer to Exhibits or Sections of this Agreement, (e) the words
"asset" and "property" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect
and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties,
including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights, (f) terms defined in
the UCC but not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings herein as
are assigned thereto in the UCC, (g) reference to any law means such law as
amended, modified, codified, replaced or re-enacted, in whole or in part, and in
effect on the date hereof, including rules, regulations, enforcement procedures
and any interpretations promulgated thereunder and (h) underscored references to
Sections or clauses shall refer to those portions of this Agreement, and any
underscored references to a clause shall, unless otherwise identified, refer to
the appropriate clause within the same Section in which such reference occurs.

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 2.   Priority of Liens; Etc.
                      -----------------------

         2.1    Subordination of Liens; Etc. Notwithstanding the date, manner or
order of grant, attachment or perfection of (x) any Liens securing the
First-Lien Obligations granted on the Collateral, (y) any Liens securing the
Second-Lien Obligations granted on the Collateral or (z) any Liens securing the
Third-Lien Obligations granted on the Collateral and notwithstanding any
provision of the UCC, any applicable law, the Second-Lien Note Documents or the
Third-Lien Credit Documents or any other circumstance whatsoever (including any
invalidity or non-perfection of any Lien purporting to secure the First-Lien
Obligations, the Second-Lien Obligations and/or the Third-Lien Obligations), the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the other Second-Lien
Creditors, and each other Second-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the
benefits of the Second-Lien Note Documents) and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent,
on behalf of itself and the other Third-Lien Creditors, and each other
Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit
Documents) hereby agree that:

         (a)    (i)   any Lien on the Collateral securing any First-Lien
     Obligations now or hereafter held by or on behalf of the First-Lien
     Collateral Agent or any First-Lien Creditors or any agent or trustee
     therefor, regardless of how acquired, whether by grant, possession,
     statute, operation of law, subrogation or otherwise, shall be senior in all
     respects and prior to any Lien on the Collateral securing any of the
     Second-Lien Obligations and to any Lien on the Collateral securing any of
     the Third-Lien Obligations;

                (ii)  any Lien on the Collateral securing any Second-Lien
     Obligations now or hereafter held by or on behalf of the Second-Lien
     Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditors or any agent or trustee
     therefor, regardless of how acquired, whether by grant, possession,
     statute, operation of law, subrogation or otherwise shall be senior in all
     respects and prior to any Lien on the Collateral securing any of the
     Third-Lien Obligations;

                (iii) any Lien on the Collateral now or hereafter held by or on
     behalf of (x) the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, any Second-Lien Creditors
     or any agent or trustee therefor and/or (y) the Third-Lien Collateral
     Agent, any Third-Lien Creditors or any agent or trustee therefor,
     regardless of how acquired, whether by grant, possession, statute,
     operation of law, subrogation or otherwise, shall be junior and subordinate
     in all respects to all Liens on the Collateral securing any First-Lien
     Obligations;

                (iv)  any Lien on the Collateral now or hereafter held by or on
     behalf of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, any Third-Lien Creditors or any
     agent or trustee therefor, regardless of how acquired, whether by grant,
     possession, statute, operation of law, subrogation or otherwise, shall be
     junior and subordinate in all respects to all Liens on the Collateral
     securing any Second-Lien Obligations;

                (v) all Liens on the Collateral securing any First-Lien
     Obligations shall be and remain senior in all respects and prior to all
     Liens on the Collateral securing any Second-Lien Obligations and/or any
     Third-Lien Obligations for all purposes, whether or not such Liens securing
     any First-Lien Obligations are subordinated to any Lien securing any other
     obligation of the Borrower, any other Grantor or any other Person;

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

                (vi) all Liens on the Collateral securing any Second-Lien
     Obligations shall be and remain senior in all respects and prior to all
     Liens on the Collateral securing any Third-Lien Obligations for all
     purposes, whether or not such Liens securing any Second-Lien Obligations
     are subordinated to any Lien securing any other obligation of the Borrower,
     any other Grantor or any other Person; and

                (vii) it is their intent that (x) the First-Lien Obligations
     (and the security therefor) constitute a separate and distinct class (and
     separate and distinct claims) from the Second-Lien Obligations (and the
     security therefor) and the Third-Lien Obligations (and the security
     therefor), (y) the Second-Lien Obligations (and the security therefor)
     constitute a separate and distinct class (and separate and distinct claims)
     from the First-Lien Obligations (and the security therefor) and the
     Third-Lien Obligations (and the security therefor) and (z) the Third-Lien
     Obligations (and the security therefor) constitute a separate and distinct
     class (and separate and distinct claims) from the First-Lien Obligations
     (and the security therefor) and the Second-Lien Obligations (and the
     security therefor).

         Notwithstanding anything to contrary contained above or elsewhere in
this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement (x) the First-Lien
Obligations shall be deemed secured by Liens on all First-Lien Collateral
regardless of whether a Lien or security interest has in fact been granted (or
purported to be granted) with respect thereto and (y) the Second-Lien
Obligations shall be deemed secured by Liens on all Second-Lien Collateral
regardless of whether a Lien or security interest has in fact been granted (or
purported to be granted) with respect thereto.

         2.2 Prohibition on Contesting Liens. Each of the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent, for itself and on behalf of each Third-Lien Creditor, the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf of each Second-Lien Creditor, and the
First-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf of each First-Lien
Creditor, agrees that it shall not (and hereby waives any right to) contest or
support any other Person in contesting, in any proceeding (including, without
limitation, any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding), (i) the validity or
enforceability of any Security Document or any Obligation thereunder, (ii) the
validity, perfection, priority or enforceability of the Liens, mortgages,
assignments and security interests granted (or purported to be granted) pursuant
to the Security Documents with respect to the First-Lien Obligations, the
Second-Lien Obligations or the Third-Lien Obligations, (iii) in the case of the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf of each Third-Lien
Creditors, only, the validity, perfection, priority or enforceability of the
Liens, mortgages, assignments and security interests granted (or purported to be
granted) pursuant to the Security Documents with respect to the Second-Lien
Obligations, or (iv) the relative rights and duties of the holders of the
First-Lien Obligations, the Second-Lien Obligations and the Third-Lien
Obligations granted and/or established in this Agreement or any other Security
Document (to the extent not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement) with
respect to such Liens, mortgages, assignments, and security interests; provided
that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent or impair the
rights of any Collateral Agent or any other Creditor to enforce this Agreement,
including the priority of the Liens securing the respective Obligations as
provided in Section 3.1.

         2.3    No New Liens. (a) So long as the Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations has not occurred, the parties hereto agree that the Borrower shall
not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, grant or permit any

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

additional Liens, or take any action to perfect any additional Liens, on any
asset or property to secure any Second-Lien Obligation or Third-Lien Obligation
unless the Borrower or the respective such Subsidiary is a Grantor hereunder and
has also granted a Lien on such asset or property to secure the First-Lien
Obligations in accordance with the relevant priority set forth in this
Agreement. To the extent that the forgoing provisions are not complied with for
any reason, without limiting any other rights and remedies available to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent and/or the other First-Lien Creditors, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent on behalf of itself and the other Second-Lien
Creditors and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent on behalf of itself and the other
Third-Lien Creditors, and each Second-Lien Creditor and Third-Lien Creditor (in
each case by its acceptance of the benefits of the respective Security
Documents), agrees that any amounts received by or distributed to any of them
pursuant to or as a result liens granted in contravention of this Section 2.3(a)
shall be subject to Section 4.2(a).

         (b)    So long as the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations has not
occurred, the parties hereto agree that the Borrower shall not, and shall not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, grant or permit any additional Liens, or take
any action to perfect any additional Liens, on any asset or property to secure
any Third-Lien Obligation unless such Lien is expressly permitted by the
Second-Lien Note Documents and the Borrower or the respective such Subsidiary is
a Grantor hereunder and has also granted a Lien on such asset or property to
secure the Second-Lien Obligations in accordance with the relevant priority set
forth in this Agreement. To the extent that the forgoing provisions are not
complied with for any reason, without limiting any other rights and remedies
available to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and/or the other Second-Lien
Creditors, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent on behalf of itself and the other
Third-Lien Creditors, and each Third-Lien Creditor (in each case by its
acceptance of the benefits of the respective Security Documents), agrees that
any amounts received by or distributed to any of them pursuant to or as a result
liens granted in contravention of this Section 2.3(b) shall be subject to
Section 4.2(b).

         2.4    Similar Liens and Agreements. The parties hereto agree that it
is their intention that (x) none of the Second-Lien Collateral be more expansive
in any respect than the First-Lien Collateral and (y) none of the Third-Lien
Collateral be more expansive in any respect than the Second-Lien Collateral or
the First-Lien Collateral and that the Third-Lien Collateral not include any
First-Lien Collateral or Second-Lien Collateral granted by any Grantor other
than the Borrower (except that if the foregoing provisions are not complied
with, for any reason, without limiting any other rights and remedies available
to the First-Lien Collateral Agent and/or the other First-Lien Creditors and the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent on behalf of itself and the other Second-Lien
Creditors, each Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the
respective Security Documents), agrees that the provisions of Section 2.6 shall
apply). In furtherance of the foregoing and of Section 8.9, each Collateral
Agent, on behalf of itself and the Creditors for which it is Collateral Agent,
and each other Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the respective
Security Documents), agree, subject to the other provisions of this Agreement:

         (i)    upon request by any Collateral Agent, to cooperate in good faith
     (and to direct their counsel to cooperate in good faith) from time to time
     in order to determine the specific items included in the First-Lien
     Collateral, the Second-Lien Collateral and the Third-Lien Collateral and

                                      -16-
<PAGE>

     the steps taken to perfect the Liens thereon and the identity of the
     respective parties obligated under the respective Documents; and

         (ii)   that the guarantees for the First-Lien Obligations, and the
     Second-Lien Obligations entered into by any Subsidiary of the Borrower
     after the date of this Agreement shall be in substantially the same form
     (with any necessary reference changes, etc.) as the respective guarantees
     provided for the respective such Obligations by Subsidiary Guarantors on or
     prior to the date of this Agreement.

         2.5    Sequencing of Security Filings. Each of the Collateral Agents
hereby agrees that it shall cooperate in good faith with the First-Lien
Collateral Agent so that filings of financing statements (including without
limitation UCC-1 financing statements), mortgages and other security filings are
sequentially made as follows: (i) the respective filings with respect to the
First-Lien Collateral shall be made first, (ii) the respective filings with
respect to the Second-Lien Collateral shall be made second and (iii) the
respective filings with respect to the Third-Lien Collateral shall be made
third. The Third-Lien Collateral Agent agrees to terminate all filings of
financing statements (including without limitation UCC-1 financing statements),
mortgages and other security filings made prior to the date hereof with respect
to the facility which, when amended and restated, became the Third-Lien Credit
Agreement, and to make any filings to be made on or after the date hereof in
accordance with the preceding sentence. The respective priorities to Collateral
(and subordination and other agreements) contained herein shall be fully
effective in accordance with their terms notwithstanding any failure to make (or
terminate) filings as otherwise required above in this Section 2.5.

         2.6    Certain Overriding Agreements with Respect to Third-Lien
Obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere in
this Agreement or in any Third-Lien Credit Document, it is acknowledged and
agreed by parties hereto that:

         (i)    no Subsidiary of the Borrower shall at any time provide any
     guarantee (directly or indirectly) of any Third-Lien Obligations; and

         (ii)   no Subsidiary of the Borrower shall provide, or grant a security
     interest in, any of its assets or property (and accordingly, the Third-Lien
     Collateral shall consist solely of assets of the Borrower).

         If any Third-Lien Creditor breaches the agreements contained in this
Section 2.6 in any respect, any proceeds obtained as a result thereof shall be
turned over for distribution pursuant to Section 4 in the same manner as
proceeds of Collateral are required to be distributed.

         SECTION 3.   Enforcement.
                      -----------

         3.1    Exercise of Remedies. (a) The provisions of this clause (a) are
subject to clause (f) below. So long as the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations
has not occurred, whether or not any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding has
been commenced by or against the Borrower or any other Grantor: (i) neither (x)
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the other Second-Lien Creditors nor (y) the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the other Third-Lien Creditors, will exercise or
seek to exercise any rights or remedies (including, without limitation, setoff)
with respect to any Collateral (including, without limitation, the exercise of
any right under any lockbox agreement, control account agreement, landlord

                                      -17-
<PAGE>

waiver or bailee's letter or similar agreement or arrangement to which any of
(x) the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditor or (y) the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor is a party) or institute
or commence, or join with any Person in commencing, any action or proceeding
with respect to such rights or remedies (including, without limitation, any
action of foreclosure, enforcement, collection or execution and any Insolvency
or Liquidation Proceeding), and will not contest, protest or object to any
foreclosure proceeding or action brought by the First-Lien Collateral Agent or
any First-Lien Creditor or any other exercise by the First-Lien Collateral Agent
or any First-Lien Creditor, of any rights and remedies relating to the
Collateral under the First-Lien Credit Documents or otherwise, or object to the
forbearance by the First-Lien Collateral Agent or the First-Lien Creditors from
bringing or pursuing any foreclosure proceeding or action or any other exercise
of any rights or remedies relating to the Collateral; and (ii) the First-Lien
Collateral Agent shall have the exclusive right, and the Required First-Lien
Creditors shall have the exclusive right to instruct the First-Lien Collateral
Agent, to enforce rights, exercise remedies (including, without limitation,
set-off and the right to credit bid their debt) and make determinations
regarding the release, disposition, or restrictions with respect to the
Collateral without any consultation with or the consent of any of (x) the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditor or (y) the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor, all as though the Second-Lien
Obligations and the Third-Lien Obligations did not exist; provided, that (A) in
any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding commenced by or against the Borrower or
any other Grantor, (x) the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and, if applicable, each
other Second-Lien Creditor may file a claim or statement of interest with
respect to the Second-Lien Obligations and (y) the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
and, if applicable, each other Third-Lien Creditor may file a claim or statement
of interest with respect to the Third-Lien Obligations, (B) the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent may take any action (not
adverse to the prior Liens on the Collateral securing the First-Lien
Obligations, or the rights of the First-Lien Collateral Agent or the First-Lien
Creditors to exercise remedies in respect thereof) in order to preserve or
protect their respective Liens on the Collateral in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement and (C) (x) the Second-Lien Creditors shall be entitled to file
any necessary responsive or defensive pleading in opposition to any motion,
claim, adversary proceeding or other pleading made by any Person objecting to or
otherwise seeking the disallowance of the claims of the Second-Lien Creditors
and (y) the Third-Lien Creditors shall be entitled to file any necessary
responsive or defensive pleading in opposition to any motion, claim, adversary
proceeding or other pleading made by any Person objecting to or otherwise
seeking the disallowance of the claims of the Third-Lien Creditors, including
any claim secured by the Collateral, if any, in each case in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. In exercising rights and remedies with respect to the
Collateral, the First-Lien Collateral Agent and the First-Lien Creditors may
enforce the provisions of the First-Lien Credit Documents and exercise remedies
thereunder, all in such order and in such manner as they may determine in the
exercise of their sole discretion. Such exercise and enforcement shall include
the rights of an agent appointed by them to sell or otherwise dispose of
Collateral upon foreclosure, to incur expenses in connection with such sale or
disposition, and to exercise all the rights and remedies of a secured creditor
under the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction and of a
secured creditor under Bankruptcy Laws of any applicable jurisdiction. In any
case, and to the extent, that the provisions of following clause (f) are
applicable, and enforcement actions are being pursued by the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent or any other Second-Lien Creditors prior to the Discharge of

                                      -18-
<PAGE>

First-Lien Obligations, the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.1(a) shall
apply with respect to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the other Third-Lien
Creditors as fully as if the respective enforcement proceeding were being
pursued by the First-Lien Collateral Agent or First-Lien Creditors.

         (b)    So long as the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has occurred,
but the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations has not occurred, whether or not
any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding has been commenced by or against the
Borrower or any other Grantor: (i) the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the other
Third-Lien Creditors, will not exercise or seek to exercise any rights or
remedies (including, without limitation, setoff) with respect to any Collateral
(including, without limitation, the exercise of any right under any lockbox
agreement, control account agreement, landlord waiver or bailee's letter or
similar agreement or arrangement to which the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any
Third-Lien Creditor is a party) or institute or commence, or join with any
Person in commencing, any action or proceeding with respect to such rights or
remedies (including, without limitation, any action of foreclosure, enforcement,
collection or execution and any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding), and will
not contest, protest or object to any foreclosure proceeding or action brought
by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditor or any other
exercise by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditor, of any
rights and remedies relating to the Collateral under the Second-Lien Note
Documents or otherwise, or object to the forbearance by the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent or the Second-Lien Creditors from bringing or pursuing any
foreclosure proceeding or action or any other exercise of any rights or remedies
relating to the Collateral; and (ii) the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall have
the exclusive right, and the Required Second-Lien Creditors shall have the
exclusive right to instruct the First-Lien Collateral Agent, to enforce rights,
exercise remedies (including, without limitation, set-off and the right to
credit bid their debt) and make determinations regarding the release,
disposition, or restrictions with respect to the Collateral without any
consultation with or the consent of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any
Third-Lien Creditor, all as though the Third-Lien Obligations did not exist;
provided, that (A) in any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding commenced by or
against the Borrower or any other Grantor, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent may
file a claim or statement of interest with respect to the Third-Lien
Obligations, (B) the Third-Lien Collateral Agent may take any action (not
adverse to the prior Liens on the Collateral securing the Second-Lien
Obligations, or the rights of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the
Second-Lien Creditors to exercise remedies in respect thereof) in order to
preserve or protect its Liens on the Collateral in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement and (C) the Third-Lien Creditors shall be entitled to file any
necessary responsive or defensive pleading in opposition to any motion, claim,
adversary proceeding or other pleading made by any Person objecting to or
otherwise seeking the disallowance of the claims of the Third-Lien Creditors,
including any claim secured by the Collateral, if any, in each case in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In exercising rights and remedies
with respect to the Collateral, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the
Second-Lien Creditors may enforce the provisions of the Second-Lien Note
Documents and exercise remedies thereunder, all in such order and in such manner
as they may determine in the exercise of their sole discretion. Such exercise
and enforcement shall include the rights of an agent appointed by them to sell
or otherwise dispose of Collateral upon foreclosure, to incur expenses in
connection with such sale or disposition, and to exercise all the rights and
remedies of a secured creditor under the Uniform Commercial Code of any
applicable jurisdiction and of a secured creditor under Bankruptcy Laws of any
applicable jurisdiction.

                                      -19-
<PAGE>

         (c)    The Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the
Second-Lien Creditors, and each other Second-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of
the benefits of the Second-Lien Note Documents), and the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent, on behalf of itself and the Third-Lien Creditors, and each other
Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit
Documents), agree that it will not take or receive any Collateral or any
proceeds of Collateral in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy
(including, without limitation, setoff) with respect to any Collateral, unless
and until the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has occurred and, in the case
of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the Third-Lien Creditors, the Discharge
of Second-Lien Obligations has occurred. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, (x) unless and until the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has
occurred, the sole right of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien
Creditors with respect to the Collateral is to hold a Lien on the Collateral
pursuant to the Second-Lien Security Documents for the period and to the extent
granted therein and to receive a share of the proceeds thereof, if any, after
the Discharge of the First-Lien Obligations has occurred in accordance with the
terms of Section 4 hereof, the Second-Lien Note Documents and applicable law,
and (y) unless and until the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations and the
Discharge of the Second-Lien Obligations has occurred, the sole right of the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the Third-Lien Creditors with respect to the
Collateral is to hold a Lien on the Collateral pursuant to the Third-Lien
Security Documents for the period and to the extent granted therein and to
receive a share of the proceeds thereof, if any, after the Discharge of the
First-Lien Obligations and the Discharge of the Second-Lien Obligations has
occurred in accordance with the terms of Section 4 hereof, the Third-Lien Credit
Documents and applicable law.

         (d)    (i)   The Second-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf
of the Second-Lien Creditors, and each other Second-Lien Creditor (by its
acceptance of the benefits of the Second-Lien Note Documents), (x) agrees that
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the other Second-Lien Creditors will not
take any action that would hinder, delay, limit or prohibit any exercise of
remedies under the First-Lien Credit Documents, including any collection, sale,
lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition of the Collateral, whether by
foreclosure or otherwise, or that would limit, invalidate, avoid or set aside
any Lien or First-Lien Security Document or subordinate the priority of the
First-Lien Obligations to the Second-Lien Obligations or grant the Liens
securing the Second-Lien Obligations equal ranking to the Liens securing the
First-Lien Obligations and (y) hereby waives any and all rights it or the
Second-Lien Creditors may have as a junior lien creditor or otherwise (whether
arising under the UCC or under any other law) to object to the manner in which
the First-Lien Collateral Agent or the First-Lien Creditors seek to enforce or
collect the First-Lien Obligations or the Liens granted in any of the First-Lien
Collateral, regardless of whether any action or failure to act by or on behalf
of the First-Lien Collateral Agent or First-Lien Creditors is adverse to the
interests of the Second-Lien Creditors and/or the Third-Lien Creditors.

                (ii)  The Second-Lien Collateral Agent hereby acknowledges and
agrees that no covenant, agreement or restriction contained in the Second-Lien
Security Documents or any other Second-Lien Note Document shall be deemed to
restrict in any way the rights and remedies of the First-Lien Collateral Agent
or the First-Lien Creditors with respect to the Collateral as set forth in this
Agreement and the First-Lien Credit Documents.

                                      -20-
<PAGE>

         (e)    (i)   The Third-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf
of the Third-Lien Creditors, and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its
acceptance of the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), (x) agrees that
the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the other Third-Lien Creditors will not take
any action that would hinder, delay, limit or prohibit any exercise of remedies
under the First-Lien Credit Documents or Second-Lien Note Documents, including
any collection, sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition of the
Collateral, whether by foreclosure or otherwise, or that would limit,
invalidate, avoid or set aside any Lien or First-Lien Security Document or
Second-Lien Security Document, or subordinate the priority of the First-Lien
Obligations to the Second-Lien Obligations and/or the Third-Lien Obligations, or
subordinate the priority of the Second-Lien Obligations to the Third-Lien
Obligations or grant the Liens securing the Third-Lien Obligations equal ranking
to the Liens securing the First-Lien Obligations or the Second-Lien Obligations
and (y) hereby waives any and all rights it or any of the Third-Lien Creditors
may have as a junior lien creditor or otherwise (whether arising under the UCC
or under any other law) to object to the manner in which the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or the First-Lien Creditors, or the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent or Second-Lien Creditors, seek to enforce or collect the First-Lien
Obligations or the Liens granted in any of the First-Lien Collateral or
Second-Lien Obligations or the Liens granted in any of the Second-Lien
Collateral, regardless of whether any action or failure to act by or on behalf
of the First-Lien Collateral Agent or First-Lien Creditors, or the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent or Second-Lien Creditors, is adverse to the interests of the
Second-Lien Creditors and/or the Third-Lien Creditors.

                (ii)  The Third-Lien Collateral Agent hereby acknowledges and
agrees that no covenant, agreement or restriction contained in the Third-Lien
Security Documents or any other Third-Lien Credit Document shall be deemed to
restrict in any way the rights and remedies of the First-Lien Collateral Agent
or the First-Lien Creditors, or the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or Second-Lien
Creditors, with respect to the Collateral as set forth in this Agreement and the
First-Lien Credit Documents or Second-Lien Note Documents, as the case may be.

         (f)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding
clauses (a) through (e), at any time while a payment default exists with respect
to the Second-Lien Obligations following the final maturity of the Second-Lien
Obligations, or the acceleration by the relevant Second-Lien Creditors of the
maturity of all then outstanding Second-Lien Obligations, and in either case so
long as 120 days have elapsed after notice thereof (and requesting that
enforcement action be taken with respect to the Collateral) has been received by
the First-Lien Collateral Agent and so long as the respective payment default
shall not have been cured or waived (or the respective acceleration rescinded),
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf of the Second-Lien
Creditors, and the other Second-Lien Creditors may, but only if the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or the First-Lien Creditors are not pursuing enforcement
preceding with respect to the Collateral in a commercially reasonable manner
(with any determination of which Collateral to proceed against, and in what
order, to be made by the First-Lien Collateral Agent or such First-Lien
Creditors in their reasonable judgment), enforce the Liens on Collateral granted
pursuant to the Second-Lien Security Documents, provided that (x) any Collateral
or any proceeds of Collateral received by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or
such other Second-Lien Creditor, as the case may be, in connection with the
enforcement of such Lien (net of reasonable costs actually incurred in
connection with such enforcement) shall be applied in accordance with the
following Section 4 hereof and (y) the First-Lien Collateral Agent or any other

                                      -21-
<PAGE>

First-Lien Creditors may at any time take over such enforcement proceedings,
provided that the First-Lien Collateral Agent or such First-Lien Creditors, as
the case may be, pursues enforcement proceedings in respect of the Collateral in
a commercially reasonably manner, with any determination of which Collateral to
proceed against, and in what order, to be made by the First-Lien Collateral
Agent or such First-Lien Creditors in their reasonable judgment, and provided
further that the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or Second-Lien Creditors, as the
case may be, shall only be able to recoup (from amounts realized by the
First-Lien Collateral Agent or any First-Lien Creditor(s) in any enforcement
proceeding with respect to the collateral (whether initiated by the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or First-Lien Creditor(s) or taken over by them as contemplated
above) any expenses incurred by them in accordance with the priorities set forth
in following Section 4.

         SECTION 4.   Payments.
                      --------

         4.1    Application of Proceeds. (a) So long as the Discharge of First-
Lien Obligations has not occurred, any proceeds of any Collateral pursuant to
the enforcement of any Security Document or the exercise of any remedial
provision thereunder, together with all other proceeds received by any Creditor
(including all funds received in respect of post-petition interest or fees and
expenses) as a result of any such enforcement or the exercise of any such
remedial provision or as a result of any distribution of or in respect of any
Collateral (whether or not expressly characterized as such) upon or in any
Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding with respect to any Grantor, or the
application of any Collateral (or proceeds thereof) to the payment thereof or
any distribution of Collateral (or proceeds thereof) upon the liquidation or
dissolution of any Grantor, shall be applied by the First-Lien Collateral Agent
(or paid over to the First-Lien Collateral Agent and applied by it) to the
First-Lien Obligations in such order as specified in the relevant First-Lien
Security Document. Upon the Discharge of the First-Lien Obligations, the
First-Lien Collateral Agent shall deliver to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
any proceeds of Collateral held by it in the same form as received, with any
necessary endorsements or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise
direct, to be applied by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent in accordance with the
provisions of following clause (b).

         (b)    So long as the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has occurred
and the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations has not occurred, any proceeds of
any Collateral pursuant to the enforcement of any Security Document or the
exercise of any remedial provision thereunder, together with all other proceeds
received by any Creditor (including all funds received in respect of
post-petition interest or fees and expenses) as a result of any such enforcement
or the exercise of any such remedial provision or as a result of any
distribution of or in respect of any Collateral (whether or not expressly
characterized as such) upon or in any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding with
respect to any Grantor, or the application of any Collateral (or proceeds
thereof) to the payment thereof or any distribution of Collateral (or proceeds
thereof) upon the liquidation or dissolution of any Grantor, shall be applied by
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent (or paid over to the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent and applied by it) to the Second-Lien Obligations in such order as
specified in the relevant Second-Lien Security Document. Upon the Discharge of
the Second-Lien Obligations (so long as the Discharge of the First-Lien
Obligations has occurred), the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall deliver to the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent any proceeds of Collateral held by it in the same
form as received, with any necessary endorsements or as a court of competent
jurisdiction may otherwise direct, to be applied by the Third-Lien Collateral

                                      -22-
<PAGE>

Agent to the Third-Lien Obligations in such order as specified in the Third-Lien
Security Documents and this Agreement.

         4.2    Payments Over. (a) Until such time as the Discharge of First-
Lien Obligations has occurred, any Collateral or proceeds thereof (together with
assets or proceeds subject to Liens referred to in the final sentence of Section
2.3(a)) (or any distribution in respect of the Collateral, whether or not
expressly characterized as such) received by any of (x) the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditors or (y) the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent or any Third-Lien Creditors in connection with the exercise of any right
or remedy (including set-off) relating to the Collateral or otherwise that is
inconsistent with this Agreement shall be segregated and held in trust and
forthwith paid over to the First-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
First-Lien Creditors in the same form as received, with any necessary
endorsements or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. The
First-Lien Collateral Agent is hereby authorized to make any such endorsements
as agent for any of (x) the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any such Second-Lien
Creditors or (y) the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any such Third-Lien
Creditors. This authorization is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable
until such time as this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms.

         (b)    After the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has occurred, and
thereafter until such time as the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations has
occurred, any Collateral or proceeds thereof (together with assets or proceeds
subject to Liens referred to in the final sentence of Section 2.3(b)) (or any
distribution in respect of the Collateral, whether or not expressly
characterized as such) received by any of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any
Third-Lien Creditors in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy
(including set-off) relating to the Collateral or otherwise that is inconsistent
with this Agreement shall be segregated and held in trust and forthwith paid
over to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Second-Lien
Creditors in the same form as received, with any necessary endorsements or as a
court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. The Second-Lien Collateral
Agent is hereby authorized to make any such endorsements as agent for any of the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any such Third-Lien Creditors. This authorization
is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable until such time as this Agreement
is terminated in accordance with its terms.

         SECTION 5.   Other Agreements.
                      ----------------

         5.1    Releases. (a) If, in connection with:

         (i)    the exercise of the First-Lien Collateral Agent's remedies in
     respect of the Collateral provided for in Section 3.1, including any sale,
     lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition of any such Collateral (any
     of the foregoing, a "Remedial Action");

         (ii)   any sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition (any of
     the foregoing, a "Disposition") of any Collateral permitted under the terms
     of the First-Lien Credit Documents (whether or not an "event of default"
     thereunder or under any Second-Lien Note Document or any Third-Lien Credit
     Document has occurred and is continuing), but without waiver of any right
     of the Second-Lien Creditors or Third-Lien Creditors to enforce their right
     to accelerate under the Second-Lien Note Indenture or Third-Lien Credit

                                      -23-
<PAGE>

     Agreement, as the case may be, if an event of default occurs thereunder
     because such transfer was not permitted thereunder; or

         (iii)  any agreement (not contravening the First-Lien Credit Documents)
     between the First-Lien Collateral Agent and the Borrower or any other
     Grantor (x) to release the First-Lien Collateral Agent's Lien on any
     portion of the Collateral (other than (1) in connection with, or in
     anticipation of, a Discharge of First-Lien Obligations or a Discharge of
     First-Lien Obligations or (2) unless consented to by the Required
     Second-Lien Creditors, where the aggregate fair market value (as determined
     in good faith by the Borrower and certified by it to the First-Lien
     Collateral Agent) released in a given calendar year would exceed $5.0
     million) or (y) to release any Grantor from its obligations under its
     guaranty of the First-Lien Obligations (other than (1) in connection with,
     or in anticipation of, a Discharge of First-Lien Obligations or a Discharge
     of First-Lien Obligations or (2) unless consented to by the Required
     Second-Lien Creditors, where the aggregate fair market value (as determined
     by the Borrower in good faith and certified to the First-Lien Collateral
     Agent) of the assets of all Grantors so released from guarantees during any
     calendar year would exceed $5.0 million);

there occurs the release by the First-Lien Collateral Agent, acting on its own
or at the direction of the Required First-Lien Creditors, of any of its Liens on
any part of the Collateral, or of any Grantor from its obligations under its
guaranty of the First-Lien Obligations, then the Liens, if any, of the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself and for the benefit of the Second-Lien
Creditors, of any other Second-Lien Creditor, of the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent, for itself and for the benefit of the Third-Lien Creditors, and of any
other Third-Lien Creditor, on such Collateral, and the obligations of such
Grantor under its guaranties (if any) of the Second-Lien Obligations and
Third-Lien Obligations, shall be automatically, unconditionally and
simultaneously released, and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself and on
behalf of any such Second-Lien Creditors, and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent,
for itself and on behalf of any such Third-Lien Creditors, promptly shall
execute and deliver to the First-Lien Collateral Agent or such Grantor such
termination statements, releases and other documents as the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or such Grantor may request to effectively confirm such
release; provided however that if an "event of default" then exists under the
Second-Lien Note Indenture or the Third-Lien Credit Agreement and the Discharge
of First-Lien Obligations occurs concurrently with any such release, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall be entitled to receive the residual cash or
cash equivalents (if any) remaining after giving effect to such release and the
Discharge of the First-Lien Obligations for application in accordance with the
provisions of Section 4 hereof.

         (b)    If, after the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations in the case of
following clauses (ii) and (iii), in connection with:

         (i)    the exercise of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent's remedies in
     respect of the Collateral provided for in Section 3.1, including, without
     limitation, any sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition of any
     such Collateral (any of the foregoing, a "Second-Lien Remedial Action"); or

                                      -24-
<PAGE>

         (ii)   any sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition (any of
     the foregoing, a "Second-Lien Disposition") of any Collateral permitted
     under the terms of the Second-Lien Note Documents (whether or not an "event
     of default" thereunder or any Third-Lien Credit Document has occurred and
     is continuing), but without waiver of any right of the Third-Lien Creditors
     to enforce their right to accelerate under the Third-Lien Credit Agreement,
     if an event of default occurs thereunder because such transfer was not
     permitted thereunder;

the release by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, at the direction of the
Second-Lien Creditors, of any of its Liens on any part of the Collateral, or of
any Grantor from any of its obligations under any guaranty of the Second-Lien
Obligations, then the Liens, if any, of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, for
itself and for the benefit of the Third-Lien Creditors and of any other
Third-Lien Creditor, on such Collateral, and the obligations of such Grantor
under any of its guaranty of the Third-Lien Obligations, shall be automatically,
unconditionally and simultaneously released, and the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent, for itself and for the benefit of the Third-Lien Creditors, promptly
shall execute and deliver to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or such Grantor
such termination statements, releases and other documents as the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent or such Grantor may request to effectively confirm such
release; provided, however, that if an "event of default" then exists under any
Third-Lien Credit Document and the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations occurs
concurrently with any such Second-Lien Remedial Action, Second-Lien Disposition
or release, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent (on behalf of the Third-Lien
Creditors) shall be entitled to receive the residual cash or cash equivalents
(if any) remaining after giving effect to such Second-Lien Remedial Action,
Second-Lien Disposition or release and the Discharge of the Second-Lien
Obligations for application in accordance with the provisions of Section 4
hereof.

         (c)    (i)   Until the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations occurs, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf of the Second-Lien
Creditors, hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints the First-Lien Collateral
Agent and any officer or agent of the First-Lien Collateral Agent, with full
power of substitution, as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full
irrevocable power and authority in the place and stead of the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent or such holder or in the First-Lien Collateral Agent's own
name, from time to time in the First-Lien Collateral Agent's discretion, for the
purpose of carrying out the terms of this Section 5.1, to take any and all
appropriate action and to execute any and all documents and instruments which
may be necessary or desirable to accomplish the purposes of this Section 5.1,
including any endorsements or other instruments of transfer or release;

                (ii)  Until the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations occurs, the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf of the Third-Lien
Creditors, hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints the First-Lien Collateral
Agent and any officer or agent of the First-Lien Collateral Agent, with full
power of substitution, as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full
irrevocable power and authority in the place and stead of the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent or such other Third-Lien Creditor or in the First-Lien
Collateral Agent's own name, from time to time in the First-Lien Collateral
Agent's discretion, for the purpose of carrying out the terms of this Section
5.1, to take any and all appropriate action and to execute any and all documents
and instruments which may be necessary or desirable to accomplish the purposes
of this Section 5.1, including, without limitation, any endorsements or other
instruments of transfer or release; and

                                      -25-
<PAGE>

                (iii) After the Discharge of the First-Lien Obligations occurs,
and until the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations occurs, the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf of the Third-Lien Creditors, hereby
irrevocably constitutes and appoints the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and any
officer or agent of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, with full power of
substitution, as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact with full irrevocable
power and authority in the place and stead of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or
such other Third-Lien Creditor or in the Second-Lien Collateral Agent's own
name, from time to time in the Second-Lien Collateral Agent's discretion, for
the purpose of carrying out the terms of this Section 5.1, to take any and all
appropriate action and to execute any and all documents and instruments which
may be necessary or desirable to accomplish the purposes of this Section 5.1,
including, without limitation, any endorsements or other instruments of transfer
or release.

         (d)    (i)   If, prior to the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations, a
subordination of the First-Lien Collateral Agent's Lien on any Collateral is
permitted (or in good faith believed by the First-Lien Collateral Agent to be
permitted) under the First-Lien Credit Agreement, to another Lien permitted
under the First-Lien Credit Agreement (a "Priority Lien"), then the First-Lien
Collateral Agent is authorized to execute and deliver a subordination agreement
with respect thereto in form and substance satisfactory to it, and (x) the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf of the Second-Lien
Creditors and (y) the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf of
the Third-Lien Creditors, shall promptly execute and deliver to the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or the relevant Grantor an identical subordination agreement
subordinating the Liens of (x) the Second-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit
of the Second-Lien Creditors or (y) the Third-Lien Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Third-Lien Creditors, as the case may be, to such Priority Lien.

                (ii)  If, after the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations and
prior to the Discharge of the Second-Lien Obligations, a subordination of the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent's Lien on any Collateral is permitted (or in good
faith believed by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent to be permitted) under the
Second-Lien Note Indenture, to another Lien permitted under the Second-Lien Note
Indenture (a "Second-Lien Note Indenture Priority Lien"), then the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent is authorized to execute and deliver a subordination agreement
with respect thereto in form and substance satisfactory to it, and the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself and on behalf of the Third-Lien
Creditors, shall promptly execute and deliver to the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent or the relevant Grantor an identical subordination agreement subordinating
the Liens of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Third-Lien
Creditors to such Second-Lien Note Indenture Priority Lien.

         5.2    Insurance. (i) Unless and until the Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations has occurred, the First-Lien Collateral Agent (acting at the
direction of the Required First-Lien Creditors) shall have the sole and
exclusive right, subject to the rights of the Grantors under the First-Lien
Credit Documents, to adjust settlement for any insurance policy covering the
Collateral in the event of any loss thereunder and to approve any award granted
in any condemnation or similar proceeding (or any deed in lieu of condemnation)
affecting the Collateral. Unless and until the Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations has occurred, and subject to the rights of the Grantors under the
First-Lien Security Documents, all proceeds of any such policy and any such
award (or any payments with respect to a deed in lieu of condemnation) in
respect to the Collateral shall be paid to the First-Lien Collateral Agent for

                                      -26-
<PAGE>

the benefit of the First-Lien Creditors pursuant to the terms of the First-Lien
Credit Documents (including, without limitation, for purposes of cash
collateralization of First-Lien Obligations consisting of commitments, letters
of credit and Interest Rate Protection Agreements) and, after the Discharge of
First-Lien Obligations has occurred, to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Second-Lien Creditors to the extent required under the
Second-Lien Security Documents and, after the Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations and the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations has occurred, to the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Third-Lien Creditors to the
extent required under the Third-Lien Security Documents and then, to the extent
no Second-Lien Obligations and no Third-Lien Obligations are outstanding, to the
owner of the subject property, such other Person as may be entitled thereto or
as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. If either the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditors or the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditors shall, at any time prior to the
Discharge of First-Lien Obligations, receive any proceeds of any such insurance
policy or any such award or payment in contravention of this Agreement, it shall
pay such proceeds over to the First-Lien Collateral Agent in accordance with the
terms of Section 4.2(a) of this Agreement.

                (ii)  After the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has occurred
and until the Discharge of the Second-Lien Obligations has occurred, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required
Second-Lien Creditors) shall have the sole and exclusive right, subject to the
rights of the Grantors under the Second-Lien Note Documents, to adjust
settlement for any insurance policy covering the Collateral in the event of any
loss thereunder and to approve any award granted in any condemnation or similar
proceeding (or any deed in lieu of condemnation) affecting the Collateral. After
the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has occurred and until the Discharge of
the Second-Lien Obligations has occurred, and subject to the rights of the
Grantors under the Second-Lien Security Documents, all proceeds of any such
policy and any such award (or any payments with respect to a deed in lieu of
condemnation) in respect to the Collateral shall be paid to the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Second-Lien Creditors pursuant to the
terms of the Second-Lien Note Documents and, after the Discharge of Second-Lien
Obligations has occurred, to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of
the Third-Lien Creditors to the extent required under the Third-Lien Security
Documents and then, to the extent no Third-Lien Obligations are outstanding, to
the owner of the subject property, such other Person as may be entitled thereto
or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. If the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditors shall, at any time after the
Discharge of First-Lien Obligations, receive any proceeds of any such insurance
policy or any such award or payment in contravention of this Agreement, it shall
pay such proceeds over to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent in accordance with
the terms of Section 4.2(b) of this Agreement.

                                      -27-
<PAGE>

         5.3    Amendments to Second-Lien Security Documents and Third-Lien
Security Documents. (a) (i) Without the prior written consent of the First-Lien
Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required First-Lien Creditors),
no Second-Lien Security Document or Third-Lien Security Document may be amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified or entered into to the extent such amendment,
supplement or modification, or the terms of any new Second-Lien Security
Document or Third-Lien Security Document, would contravene the provisions of
this Agreement or any First-Lien Credit Document.

                (ii)  Without the prior written consent of the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Second-Lien
Creditors), no Third-Lien Security Document may be amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified or entered into to the extent such amendment, supplement or
modification, or the terms of any new Third-Lien Security Document, would
contravene the provisions of this Agreement or any Second-Lien Note Document.

                (iii) Each Grantor and each Second-Lien Creditor agrees that
each Second-Lien Security Document shall include the following language (or
language to similar effect approved by the First-Lien Collateral Agent).

          "Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the lien and
          security interest granted to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent pursuant
          to this Agreement and the exercise of any right or remedy by the
          Second-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder are subject to the provisions
          of the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004 (as
          amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
          time in accordance with the terms thereof, the "Intercreditor
          Agreement"), among RCN Corporation, Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands
          Branch, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, and certain other persons
          party or that may become party thereto from time to time. In the event
          of any conflict between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and
          this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern
          and control."

In addition, the Borrower agrees that each Second-Lien Mortgage covering any
Collateral shall contain such other language as the First-Lien Collateral
Agent may reasonably request to reflect the subordination of such Second-Lien
Mortgage to the First-Lien Security Document covering such Collateral.

                (iv)  Each Grantor and each Third-Lien Creditor agrees that each
Third-Lien Security Document shall include the following language (or language
to similar effect approved by the First-Lien Collateral Agent).

          "Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the lien and
          security interest granted to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent pursuant
          to this Agreement and the exercise of any right or remedy by the
          Third-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder are subject to the provisions of
          the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004 (as
          amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
          time in accordance with the terms thereof, the "Intercreditor
          Agreement"), among RCN Corporation, Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands
          Branch, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, and certain other persons

                                      -28-
<PAGE>

          party or that may become party thereto from time to time. In the event
          of any conflict between the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and
          this Agreement, the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern
          and control."

In addition, the Borrower agrees that each Third-Lien Mortgage covering any
Collateral shall contain such other language as the First-Lien Collateral
Agent may reasonably request to reflect the subordination of such Third-Lien
Mortgage to the First-Lien Security Document and the Second-Lien Security
Document covering such Collateral.

         (b)    (i)   In the event that, at any time prior to the Discharge of
First-Lien Obligations, the First-Lien Collateral Agent or the First-Lien
Creditors and the relevant Grantor(s) enter into any amendment, waiver or
consent in respect of any of the First-Lien Security Documents for the purpose
of adding to, or deleting from, or waiving or consenting to any departures from
any provisions of, any First-Lien Security Document or changing in any manner
the rights of the First-Lien Collateral Agent, the First-Lien Creditors, the
Borrower or any other Grantor thereunder, then such amendment, waiver or consent
shall apply automatically to any comparable provision of (x) the Second-Lien
Note Indenture and the Comparable Second-Lien Security Document without the
consent of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the Second-Lien Creditors and
without any action by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the Borrower or any
other Grantor and (y) the Third-Lien Credit Agreement and the Comparable
Third-Lien Security Document without the consent of the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent or the Third-Lien Creditors and without any action by the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent, the Borrower or any other Grantor, provided, that (A) no such
amendment, waiver or consent shall have the effect of (i) removing assets
subject to the Lien of the Second-Lien Security Documents or the Third-Lien
Security Documents, except to the extent that a release of such Lien is
permitted by Section 5.1 of this Agreement, (ii) imposing additional duties on
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent without its consent or on the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent without its consent, or (iii) permitting other liens on the
Collateral not permitted under the terms of the Second-Lien Note Documents, or
Section 6 hereof and (B) notice of such amendment, waiver or consent shall have
been given to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent (although the failure to give any such notice shall in no way affect the
effectiveness of any such amendment, waiver or consent). Nothing in this clause
(b) shall affect the amount of the Obligations or Hedging Obligations that shall
constitute First-Lien Obligations.

                (ii)  In the event that, at any time after the Discharge of
First-Lien Obligations, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the Second-Lien
Creditors and the relevant Grantor(s) enter into any amendment, waiver or
consent in respect of any of the Second-Lien Security Documents for the purpose
of adding to, or deleting from, or waiving or consenting to any departures from
any provisions of, any Second-Lien Security Document or changing in any manner
the rights of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Creditors, the
Borrower or any other Grantor thereunder, then such amendment, waiver or consent
shall apply automatically to any comparable provision of the Third-Lien Credit
Agreement and the Comparable Third-Lien Security Document without the consent of
the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or the Third-Lien Creditors and without any
action by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, the Borrower or any other Grantor,
provided, that (A) no such amendment, waiver or consent shall have the effect of
(i) removing assets subject to the Lien of the Third-Lien Security Documents,

                                      -29-
<PAGE>

except to the extent that a release of such Lien is permitted by Section 5.1 of
this Agreement, (ii) imposing additional duties on the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent without its consent, or (iii) permitting other liens on the Collateral not
permitted under the terms of the Section 6 hereof and (B) notice of such
amendment, waiver or consent shall have been given to the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent (although the failure to give any such notice shall in no way affect the
effectiveness of any such amendment, waiver or consent). Nothing in this clause
(b)(ii) shall affect the amount of the Obligations that shall constitute
Second-Lien Obligations.

         5.4    Rights As Unsecured Creditors. Except as otherwise set forth in
this Agreement, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Creditors, the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the Third-Lien Creditors may exercise rights and
remedies as unsecured creditors against the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor
that has guaranteed (x) the Second-Lien Obligations in accordance with the terms
of the Second-Lien Note Documents and applicable law or, as the case may be, (y)
the Third-Lien Obligations in accordance with the terms of the Third-Lien Credit
Documents and applicable law. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement
nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit the receipt by either (x) the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditors of the required
payments of interest and principal on the Second-Lien Obligations or (y) the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditors of the required payments
of interest and principal on the Third-Lien Obligations so long as such receipt
is not the direct or indirect result of the exercise by the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditor or the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
or any Third-Lien Creditor of rights or remedies as a secured creditor
(including set-off) or enforcement in contravention of this Agreement of any
Lien held by any of them. In the event the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any
Second-Lien Creditor or the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien
Creditor becomes a judgment lien creditor in respect of Collateral as a result
of its enforcement of its rights as an unsecured creditor, such judgment lien
shall be subordinated to the Liens securing First-Lien Obligations (and in the
case of any such judgment lien in favor of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or
any Third-Lien Creditors, same shall also be subordinated to the Liens securing
the Second-Lien Obligations) on the same basis as the other Liens securing the
Second-Lien Obligations or the Third-Lien Obligations, as the case may be, are
so subordinated to the First-Lien Obligations (and the Second-Lien Obligations
in the case of a judgment lien in favor of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or
any Third-Lien Creditors) under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement
impairs or otherwise adversely affects any rights or remedies the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or the First-Lien Creditors may have with respect to the
First-Lien Collateral.

                                      -30-
<PAGE>

         5.5    Bailee for Perfection. (a) The First-Lien Collateral Agent
agrees to acquire and acknowledges it holds any Pledged Collateral or other
Collateral actually in its possession or control (or in the possession or
control of its agents or bailees) on behalf of itself and the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent and any assignee and, to the extent the Collateral constitutes
assets of the Borrower, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and any assignee solely
for the purpose of perfecting the security interest granted under the First-Lien
Credit Documents, the Second-Lien Note Documents and the Third-Lien Credit
Documents, subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 5.5. Upon the
Discharge of the First-Lien Obligations, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent agrees
to acquire and acknowledges that it will hold any Pledged Collateral or other
Collateral (to the extent the Collateral constitutes assets of the Borrower)
actually in its possession or control (or on the possession or control of its
agents or bailees) on behalf of itself and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and
any assignee, subject to the terms and conditions of this Section 5.5. To the
extent any other Collateral Agent holds any Pledged Collateral or other
Collateral is actually in its possession or control (or in the possession or
control of its agents or bailees), then it acknowledges that it holds such
Pledged Collateral or Collateral on behalf of itself and the other Collateral
Agents (other than the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, except to the extent
constituting assets of the Borrower) solely for the purpose of perfecting the
security interests granted under the First-Lien Credit Documents, the
Second-Lien Note Documents and the Third-Lien Credit Documents, subject to the
terms and conditions of this Section 5.5.

         (b)    Until the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has occurred, the
First-Lien Collateral Agent shall be entitled to deal with the Pledged
Collateral in accordance with the terms of the First-Lien Credit Documents as if
the Liens of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent under the Second-Lien Security
Documents and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent under the Third-Lien Security
Documents did not exist. After the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has
occurred and until the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations has occurred, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall be entitled to deal with the Pledged
Collateral in accordance with the terms of the Second-Lien Note Documents as if
the Liens of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent under the Third-Lien Security
Documents did not exist. The rights of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall at all times be subject to the terms of this
Agreement, to the First-Lien Collateral Agent's rights under the First-Lien
Credit Documents and, in the case of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent's rights under the Second-Lien Note Documents.

         (c)    (i)   The First-Lien Collateral Agent shall have no obligation
whatsoever to the First-Lien Creditors, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, any
Second-Lien Creditor, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor
to assure that the Pledged Collateral is genuine or owned by any of the Grantors
or to preserve any rights or benefits of any Person except as expressly set
forth in this Section 5.5. The duties or responsibilities of the First-Lien
Collateral Agent under this Section 5.5 shall be limited solely to holding any
Pledged Collateral actually in its possession or control as bailee in accordance
with this Section 5.5.

                (ii)  After the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has
occurred, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall have no obligations whatsoever
to the Second-Lien Creditors, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien
Creditor to assure that the Pledged Collateral is genuine or owned by any of the
Subsidiary Guarantors or to preserve any rights or benefits of any Person except

                                      -31-
<PAGE>

as expressly set forth in this Section 5.5. The duties or responsibilities of
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent under this Section 5.5 shall be limited solely
to holding any Pledged Collateral actually in its possession or control as
bailee in accordance with this Section 5.5.

         (d)    No Collateral Agent acting pursuant to this Section 5.5 shall
have by reason of the First-Lien Security Documents, the Second-Lien Security
Documents, the Third-Lien Security Documents, this Agreement or any other
document a fiduciary relationship in respect of the any other Collateral Agent,
the First-Lien Creditors, the Second-Lien Creditors or the Third-Lien Creditors.

         (e)    (i)   Upon the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations, the First-
Lien Collateral Agent shall deliver the remaining Pledged Collateral (if any)
(or proceeds thereof) in its possession, together with any necessary
endorsements, (i), to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, unless the Discharge of
Second-Lien Obligations has occurred, (ii) if preceding clause (i) does not
apply, to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent (to the extent constituting assets of
the Borrower) unless the Discharge of Third-Lien Obligations has occurred, and
(iii) if (or to the extent) preceding clauses (i) and (ii) are inapplicable, to
the Borrower or the relevant Grantor (in each case, so as to allow such Person
to obtain control of such Pledged Collateral). The First-Lien Collateral Agent
further agrees to take all other action reasonably requested by such Person in
connection with such Person's obtaining a first-priority interest in the
Collateral or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct.

                (ii)  Upon the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations and the
Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall
deliver the remaining Pledged Collateral (if any) (or proceeds thereof) in its
possession together with any necessary endorsements, (i) to the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent (to the extent constituting assets of the Borrower), unless the
Discharge of Third-Lien Obligations shall have occurred and (ii) if (or to the
extent) preceding clause (i) is not applicable, to the Borrower or relevant
Subsidiary Guarantor (in each case, so as to allow such Person to obtain control
of such Pledged Collateral). The Second-Lien Collateral Agent further agrees to
take all other action reasonably requested by such Person in connection with
such Person's obtaining a first-priority interest in the Collateral or as a
court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct.

         5.6    When Discharge of First-Lien Obligations or Second-Lien
Obligations Deemed to Not Have Occurred. (a) If at any time after the Discharge
of First-Lien Obligations has occurred, the Borrower immediately thereafter
enters into any Refinancing of any First-Lien Credit Document evidencing a
First-Lien Obligation which Refinancing is permitted hereby, then such Discharge
of First-Lien Obligations shall automatically be deemed not to have occurred for
all purposes of this Agreement, and the obligations under such Refinancing
First-Lien Credit Document shall automatically be treated as First-Lien
Obligations for all purposes of this Agreement, including for purposes of the
Lien priorities and rights in respect of Collateral set forth herein, and the
collateral agent under such First-Lien Credit Documents shall be the First-Lien
Collateral Agent for all purposes of this Agreement. Upon receipt of a notice
stating that the Borrower has entered into a new First-Lien Credit Document
(which notice shall include the identity of the new agent, such agent, the "New
Agent"), the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
shall promptly enter into such documents and agreements (including amendments or

                                      -32-
<PAGE>

supplements to this Agreement) as the Borrower or such New Agent may reasonably
request in order to provide to the New Agent the rights contemplated hereby, in
each case consistent in all material respects with the terms of this Agreement.
In addition, a Discharge of First-Lien Obligations shall be deemed not to have
occurred in the circumstances described in Section 6.5.

         (b)    If at any time after the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations
has occurred, the Borrower immediately thereafter enters into any Refinancing of
any Second-Lien Note Document evidencing a Second-Lien Obligation which
Refinancing is permitted hereby (and by the terms of any First-Lien Credit
Documents then in effect), then such Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations shall
automatically be deemed not to have occurred for all purposes of this Agreement,
and the obligations under such Refinancing Second-Lien Note Document shall
automatically be treated as Second-Lien Obligations for all purposes of this
Agreement, including for purposes of the Lien priorities and rights in respect
of Collateral set forth herein, and the collateral agent under such Second-Lien
Note Documents shall be the Second-Lien Collateral Agent for all purposes of
this Agreement. Upon receipt of a notice stating that the Borrower has entered
into a new Second-Lien Note Document in accordance with the foregoing
requirements (which notice shall include the identity of the new agent, such
agent, the "New Second-Lien Agent"), the First-Lien Collateral Agent and the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall promptly enter into such documents and
agreements (including amendments or supplements to this Agreement) as the
Borrower or such New Second-Lien Agent may reasonably request in order to
provide to the New Second-Lien Agent the rights contemplated hereby, in each
case consistent in all material respects with the terms of this Agreement.

         5.7    Option to Purchase First-Lien Debt. (a) Without prejudice to the
enforcement of remedies by the First-Lien Creditors, so long as the Discharge of
Second-Lien Obligations has not occurred, any Person or Persons (in each case
who must meet all eligibility standards contained in all relevant First-Lien
Credit Documents) at any time or from time to time designated by the holders of
more than 50% in outstanding principal amount of the Second-Lien Obligations as
entitled to exercise all default purchase options as to the Second-Lien
Obligations then outstanding (an "Eligible Purchaser") shall have the right to
purchase by way of assignment (and shall thereby also assume all commitments and
duties of the First-Lien Creditors), at any time during the exercise period
described in clause (c) below, all, but not less than all, of the First-Lien
Obligations, including all principal of and interest and fees on and all
prepayment or acceleration penalties and premiums in respect of all First-Lien
Obligations, outstanding at the time of purchase; provided that at time of (and
as a condition to) any purchase pursuant to this Section 5.7, all commitments
pursuant to any then outstanding First-Lien Credit Agreement shall have
terminated and all Interest Rate Protection Agreements constituting First-Lien
Credit Documents shall also have been terminated in accordance with their terms.
Any purchase pursuant to this Section 5.7(a) shall be made as follows:

         (1)    for (x) a purchase price equal to the sum of (A) in the case of
     all loans, advances or other similar extensions of credit that constitute
     First-Lien Obligations (including unreimbursed amounts drawn in respect of
     Letters of Credit, but excluding the undrawn amount of then outstanding
     Letters of Credit), 100% of the principal amount thereof and all accrued
     and unpaid interest thereon through the date of purchase, (B) in the case
     of any Interest Rate Protection Agreement, the aggregate amount then owing

                                      -33-
<PAGE>

     to each Hedging Creditor thereunder pursuant to the terms of the respective
     Interest Rate Protection Agreement, including without limitation all
     amounts owing to such Hedging Creditor as a result of the termination (or
     early termination) thereof plus (C) all unpaid fees, expenses, indemnities
     and other amounts which are then due and payable to the various First-Lien
     Creditors, pursuant to the terms of the various First-Lien Credit
     Documents; and (y) an obligation on the part of the respective Eligible
     Purchasers (which shall be expressly provided in the assignment
     documentation described below) to reimburse each issuing lender (or any
     First-Lien Creditor required to pay same) for all amounts thereafter drawn
     with respect to any Letters of Credit constituting First-Lien Obligations
     which remain outstanding after the date of any purchase pursuant to this
     Section 5.7, together with all facing fees and other amounts which may at
     any future time be owing to the respective issuing lender with respect to
     such Letters of Credit;

         (2)    with the purchase price described in preceding clause (a)(1)(x)
     payable in cash on the date of purchase against transfer to the respective
     Eligible Purchaser or Eligible Purchasers (without recourse and without any
     representation or warranty whatsoever, whether as to the enforceability of
     any First-Lien Obligation or the validity, enforceability, perfection,
     priority or sufficiency of any Lien securing or guarantee or other
     supporting obligation for any First-Lien Obligation or as to any other
     matter whatsoever, except only the representation and warranty that the
     transferor owns free and clear of all Liens and encumbrances (other than
     participation interests not prohibited by the First-Lien Credit Agreement,
     in which case the purchase price described in preceding clause (a)(1)(x)
     shall be appropriately adjusted so that the Eligible Purchaser does not pay
     amounts represented by any participation interest which remains in effect),
     and has the right to convey, whatever claims and interests it may have in
     respect of the First-Lien Obligations); provided that the purchase price in
     respect of any outstanding Letter of Credit that remains undrawn on the
     date of purchase shall be payable as and when such Letter of Credit is
     drawn upon (i) first, from the cash collateral account described in clause
     (a)(3) below, until the amounts contained therein have been exhausted, and
     (ii) thereafter, directly by the purchaser;

         (3)    with such purchase accompanied by a deposit of cash collateral
     under the sole dominion and control of the First-Lien Collateral Agent or
     its designee in an amount equal to 110% of the sum of the aggregate undrawn
     amount of all then outstanding Letters of Credit pursuant to the First-Lien
     Credit Documents and the aggregate facing and similar fees which will
     accrue thereon through the stated maturity of the Letters of Credit
     (assuming no drawings thereon before stated maturity), as security for the
     purchaser's obligation to pay amounts as provided in preceding clause
     (a)(1)(y) , it being understood and agreed that (x) at the time any facing
     or similar fees are owing to an issuer with respect to any Letter of
     Credit, the First-Lien Collateral Agent may apply amounts deposited with it
     as described above to pay same and (y) upon any drawing under any Letter of
     Credit, the First-Lien Collateral Agent shall apply amounts deposited with
     it as described above to repay the respective unpaid drawing. After giving
     effect to any payment made as described above in this clause (3), those
     amounts (if any) then on deposit with the First-Lien Collateral Agent as
     described in this item (3) which exceed 110% of the sum of the aggregate
     undrawn amount of all then outstanding Letters of Credit and the aggregate
     facing and similar fees (to the respective issuers) which will accrue

                                      -34-
<PAGE>

     thereon through the stated maturity of the then outstanding Letters of
     Credit (assuming no drawings thereon before stated maturity), shall be
     returned to the respective Eligible Purchaser or Eligible Purchasers (as
     their interests appear). Furthermore, at such time as all Letters of Credit
     have been cancelled, expired or been fully drawn, as the case may be, and
     after all applications described above have been made, any excess cash
     collateral deposited as described above in this clause (iii) (and not
     previously applied or released as provided above) shall be returned to the
     respective Eligible Purchaser or Eligible Purchasers, as their interests
     appear;

         (4)    with the purchase price described in preceding clause (a)(1)(x)
     accompanied by (i) a release in favor of the First-Lien Collateral Agent
     and the First-Lien Creditors from all the Grantors and the Eligible
     Purchaser or Eligible Purchasers, in form and substance reasonably
     satisfactory to the First-Lien Collateral Agent, of all obligations and
     liabilities of the First-Lien Collateral Agent, the First-Lien Creditors
     and their respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents
     and (ii) a waiver by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent (on behalf of itself
     and the other Second-Lien Creditors) of all claims arising out of this
     Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby as a result of
     exercising the purchase option contemplated by this Section 5.7;

         (5)    with all amounts payable to the various First-Lien Creditors in
     respect of the assignments described above to be distributed to them by the
     First-Lien Collateral Agent in accordance with their respective holdings of
     the various First-Lien Obligations; and

         (6)    with such purchase to be made pursuant to assignment
     documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to, and
     prepared by counsel for, the First-Lien Collateral Agent (with the cost of
     such counsel to be paid by the Grantors or, if the Grantors do not make
     such payment, by the respective Eligible Purchaser or Eligible Purchasers,
     who shall have the right to obtain reimbursement of same from the
     Grantors); it being understood and agreed that the First-Lien Collateral
     Agent and each other First-Lien Creditor shall retain all rights to
     indemnification as provided in the relevant First-Lien Credit Documents for
     all periods prior to any assignment by them pursuant to the provisions of
     this Section 5.7. The relevant assignment documentation shall also provide
     that, if for any reason (other than the gross negligence or willful
     misconduct of the First-Lien Collateral Agent), the amount of cash
     collateral held by the First-Lien Collateral Agent or its designee pursuant
     to preceding item (a)(3) is at any time less than the full amounts owing
     with respect to any Letter of Credit described above (including facing and
     similar fees) then the respective Eligible Purchaser or Eligible Purchasers
     shall promptly reimburse the First-Lien Collateral Agent (who shall pay the
     respective issuing bank) the amount of deficiency.

         (b)    The right to exercise the purchase option described in Section
5.7(a) shall be exercisable and legally enforceable upon at least fifteen
Business Days' prior written notice of exercise (which notice, once given, shall
be irrevocable and fully finding on the respective, Eligible Purchaser) given to
the First-Lien Collateral Agent by an Eligible Purchaser. Neither the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or any other First-Lien Creditor shall have any disclosure
obligation to any Eligible Purchaser, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, any

                                      -35-
<PAGE>

other Second-Lien Creditor, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any other
Third-Lien Creditor in connection with any exercise of such purchase option.

         (c)    The right to purchase the First-Lien Obligations as described in
this Section 5.7 may be exercised (by giving the irrevocable written notice
described in preceding clause (b)) during the period that (1) begins on the date
occurring 10 Business Days after the first to occur of (x) the date of the
acceleration of the final maturity of the Loans under the First-Lien Credit
Agreement or (y) the occurrence of the final maturity of the Loans under the
First-Lien Agreement (in each case, so long as the acceleration or failure to
pay amounts due at final maturity has not been rescinded or cured within such 10
Business Day Period, and so long as any unpaid amounts constituting First-Lien
Obligations remain owing); provided that if there is any failure to meet the
condition described in the proviso immediately preceding clause (a)(1) hereof,
the aforementioned date shall be extended until the first date upon which such
condition is satisfied, and (2) ends on the 90th day after the start of the
period described above.

         (d)    The obligations of the First-Lien Creditors to sell their
respective First-Lien Obligations under this Section 5.7 are several and not
joint and several. To the extent any First-Lien Creditor (a "Defaulting
Creditor") breaches its obligation to sell its First-Lien Obligations under this
Section 5.7, nothing in this Section 5.7 shall be deemed to require the
First-Lien Collateral Agent or any other First-Lien Creditor to purchase such
Defaulting Creditor's First-Lien Obligations for resale to the holders of
Second-Lien Obligations and in all cases, the First-Lien Collateral Agent and
each First-Lien Creditor complying with the terms of this Section 5.7 shall not
be deemed to be in default of this Agreement or otherwise be deemed liable for
any action or inaction of any Defaulting Creditor; provided that nothing in this
clause (d) shall require any Eligible Purchaser to purchase less than all of the
First-Lien Obligations.

         (e)    Each Grantor irrevocably consents to any assignment effected to
one or more Eligible Purchasers (so long as they meet all eligibility standards
contained in all relevant First-Lien Credit Documents, other than obtaining the
consent of any Grantor to an assignment) for purposes of all First-Lien Credit
Documents and hereby agree that no further consent from them shall be required.

         5.8    Special Agreements Relating to Subsidiary Guaranties. (a) It is
understood and agreed that various Subsidiaries of the Borrower shall from time
to time guaranty the First-Lien Obligations pursuant to a "Subsidiaries
Guaranty". Each Subsidiary which so guaranties the First-Lien Obligations will
also guaranty the Second-Lien Obligations. The guaranties described above shall
be in substantially identical form, except that (i) the fraudulent conveyance
paragraph contained in each such guaranty of First-Lien Obligations shall be in
substantially the form set forth below:

     Each Subsidiary Guarantor and each Secured Creditor (by its acceptance of
     the benefits of this Guaranty) hereby confirms that it is its intention
     that this Guaranty not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for
     purposes of the Bankruptcy Code, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act or
     any similar Federal or state law. To effectuate the foregoing intention,
     each Subsidiary Guarantor and each Secured Creditor (by its acceptance of
     the benefits of this Guaranty) hereby irrevocably agrees that the
     Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be
     limited to such amount as will, after giving effect to such maximum amount

                                      -36-
<PAGE>

     and all other (contingent or otherwise) liabilities of such Subsidiary
     Guarantor that are relevant under such laws (it being understood that it is
     the intention of the parties to this Guaranty and the parties to any
     guaranty of the Second-Lien Note Indenture that, to the maximum extent
     permitted under applicable laws, the liabilities in respect of the
     guarantees of the Second-Lien Note Indenture shall not be included for the
     foregoing purposes and that, if any reduction is required to the amount
     guaranteed by any Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder and with respect to the
     Second-Lien Note Indenture that its guarantee of amounts owing in respect
     of the Second-Lien Note Indenture shall first be reduced) and after giving
     effect to any rights to contribution pursuant to any agreement providing
     for an equitable contribution among such Subsidiary Guarantor and the other
     Subsidiary Guarantors, result in the Guaranteed Obligations of such
     Subsidiary Guarantor in respect of such maximum amount not constituting a
     fraudulent transfer or conveyance.

and (ii) the fraudulent conveyance paragraph in each such guaranty of
Second-Lien Obligations shall be in substantially the form set forth below:

     Each Subsidiary Guarantor and each Secured Creditor (by its acceptance of
     the benefits of this Guaranty) hereby confirms that it is its intention
     that this Guaranty not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for
     purposes of the Bankruptcy Code, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act of
     any similar Federal or state law. To effectuate the foregoing intention,
     each Subsidiary Guarantor and each Secured Creditor (by its acceptance of
     the benefits of this Guaranty) hereby irrevocably agrees that the
     Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed by such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be
     limited to such amount as will, after giving effect to such maximum amount
     and all other (contingent or otherwise) liabilities of such Subsidiary
     Guarantor that are relevant under such laws (it being understood that it is
     the intention of the parties to this Guaranty and the parties to any
     guaranty of the First-Lien Obligations that, to the maximum extent
     permitted under applicable laws, the liabilities in respect of the
     guarantees of the First-Lien Obligations shall not be included for the
     foregoing purposes and that, if any reduction is required to the amount
     guaranteed by any Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder and with respect to the
     First-Lien Obligations that its guarantee of amounts owing in respect of
     the Second-Lien Note Indenture shall first be reduced) and after giving
     effect to any rights to contribution pursuant to any agreement providing
     for an equitable contribution among such Subsidiary Guarantor and the other
     Subsidiary Guarantors, result in the Guaranteed Obligations of such
     Subsidiary Guarantor in respect of such maximum amount not constituting a
     fraudulent transfer or conveyance.

         (b)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, it is
acknowledged and agreed that, with respect to any guaranty of Second-Lien
Obligations provided by RCN International, which is the Subsidiary of the
Borrower which owns the equity interests owned by the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries in the Megacable Entities, that such guaranty shall be subordinated
in right of payment to RCN International's guaranty of First-Lien Obligations on
terms (typical for high-yield subordinated debt securities) to be agreed by the
First-Lien Collateral Agent and Second-Lien Collateral Agent, and contained in
the respective such guaranty as executed by RCN International on (or about) the
date hereof. Furthermore, and without limiting the foregoing, any RCN
International guaranty shall contain express provisions that upon any

                                      -37-
<PAGE>

substantive consolidation of the assets of RCN International with the Borrower
and/or one or more of its other Subsidiaries, the benefits of such subordination
shall be preserved with respect to the assets of RCN International (specifically
including all equity interests in the Megacable Entities) before giving effect
to the respective such substantive consolidation.

         SECTION 6.   Insolvency or Liquidation Proceedings.
                      -------------------------------------

         6.1    Finance and Sale Issues. (a) If the Borrower or any other
Grantor shall be subject to any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding and the
First-Lien Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required First-Lien
Creditors) shall desire to permit the use of Cash Collateral (as defined in
Section 363(a) of the Bankruptcy Code) on which the First-Lien Collateral Agent
or any other creditor of the Borrower or any other Grantor has a Lien or to
permit the Borrower or any other Grantor to obtain financing (including on a
priming basis), whether from the First-Lien Creditors or any other third party
under Section 362, 363 or 364 of the Bankruptcy Code or any other Bankruptcy Law
(each, a "Post-Petition Financing"), then (x) the Second-Lien Collateral Agent,
on behalf of itself and the Second-Lien Creditors, and each other Second-Lien
Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the Second-Lien Note Documents),
and (y) the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the Third-Lien
Creditors, and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits
of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), each agree that it will not oppose or raise
any objection to or contest (or join with or support any third party opposing,
objecting to or contesting), such use of Cash Collateral or Post-Petition
Financing and will not request adequate protection or any other relief in
connection therewith (except as expressly agreed in writing by the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or to the extent permitted by Section 6.3) and, to the extent
the Liens securing the First-Lien Obligations are subordinated to or pari passu
with such Post-Petition Financing, its Liens on the Collateral shall be deemed
to be subordinated, without any further action on the part of any Person, to the
Liens securing such Post-Petition Financing (and all Obligations relating
thereto), and the Liens securing the Second-Lien Obligations and the Third-Lien
Obligations shall have the same priority with respect to the Collateral relative
to the Liens securing the First-Lien Obligations as if such Post-Petition
Financing had not occurred. Neither the Third-Lien Collateral Agent nor any
Third-Lien Creditor shall object to any Post-Petition Financing for any reason,
or on any basis, whatsoever. Neither the Second-Lien Collateral Agent nor any
Second-Lien Creditor shall object to any Post-Petition Financing for any reason,
or on any basis, whatsoever, so long as the aggregate principal amount of
financing to be provided pursuant thereto, when added (without duplication of
amounts) to any principal amount (for this purpose, including the maximum
undrawn amounts of any then outstanding Letters of Credit) which would at the
same time be outstanding pursuant to any First-Lien Credit Agreement then in
effect (thereby permitting, without limitation, a "roll-up" of any prepetition
First-Lien Obligations into a Post-Petition Financing), would not exceed the
Maximum First-Lien Credit Documents Principal Amount at such time. Furthermore,
and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above in this Section
6.1, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Creditors (but not the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent and not the Third-Lien Creditors) may object to any
Post-Petition Financing which is in excess of the amount described in the
immediately preceding sentence, but solely on grounds which general unsecured
creditors in the Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding would have standing to
raise (without regard to whether there actually are general unsecured creditors
in the Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding, or whether any such creditors
actually oppose the respective Post-Petition Financing) and for the avoidance of

                                      -38-
<PAGE>

doubt, not on the basis of lack of adequate protection or other grounds
applicable solely to a secured party.

         (b)    The Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the
other Second-Lien Creditors, and each other Second-Lien Creditor (by its
acceptance of the benefits of the Second-Lien Note Documents), and the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the other Third-Lien
Creditors, and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits
of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), each agree that it will raise no objection
to, oppose or contest (or join with or support any third party opposing,
objecting to or contesting), a sale or other disposition of any Collateral in
the context of an Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding free and clear of its
Liens or other claims under Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code if the First-Lien
Creditors (or, in the case of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and any other
Third-Lien Creditor, if the First-Lien Creditors or the Second-Lien Creditors)
have consented to such sale or disposition of such assets; provided, however,
that, in the case of the agreements of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and
Second-Lien Creditors only (with this proviso being inapplicable to the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the Third-Lien Creditors), any such sale or
disposition must be approved by the bankruptcy court with jurisdiction over the
sale (the "Bankruptcy Court") by an order that: (a) contains a specific finding
that the sale or disposition being approved is commercially reasonable; and (b)
provides that any consideration received in connection with such sale or
disposition that exceeds the amount of the First-Lien Obligations shall be used
to satisfy the Second-Lien Obligations, or shall remain encumbered by the
Second-Lien Obligations, with the same priority and subject to the same
limitations set forth herein with respect to their Liens on the Collateral. The
Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Creditors (but not the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent and not the Third-Lien Creditors) shall be entitled
to object to any proposed form of order that does not contain the foregoing
provisions.

         (c)    If (x) the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations shall have
occurred prior to the Borrower or any other Grantor being subject to any
Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding, (y) the Borrower or any other Grantor
shall be subject to any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding and (z) the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Second-Lien
Creditors) shall desire to permit the use of cash collateral on which the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any other Second-Lien Creditor has a Lien or to
permit the Borrower or any other Grantor to obtain financing (including, without
limitation, on a priming basis), whether from the Second-Lien Creditors or any
other third party under Section 362, 363 or 364 of Title 11 of the United States
Code or any similar Bankruptcy Law (each, a "Second-Lien Post-Petition
Financing"), then the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the
other Third-Lien Creditors, and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its
acceptance of the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), each agree that
it will not oppose or raise any objection to such use of cash collateral or
Second-Lien Post-Petition Financing and will not request adequate protection or
any other relief in connection therewith (except to the extent permitted by
Section 6.3) and, to the extent the Liens securing the Second-Lien Obligations
are subordinated to or pari passu with such Second-Lien Post-Petition Financing,
its Liens on the Collateral shall be deemed to be subordinated without any
further action on the part of any Person to the Liens securing such Second-Lien
Post-Petition Financing (and all obligations relating thereto) and the Liens
securing the Third-Lien Obligations shall have the same priority with respect to
the Collateral relative to the Liens securing the Second-Lien Obligations as if
such Second-Lien Post-Petition Financing had not occurred. Neither the

                                      -39-
<PAGE>

Third-Lien Collateral Agent nor any Third-Lien Creditor shall object to any
Second-Lien Post-Petition Financing for any reason, or on any basis, whatsoever.

         6.2    Relief from the Automatic Stay. Until (x) the Discharge of
First-Lien Obligations has occurred, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf
of itself and the Second-Lien Creditors, and each other Second-Lien Creditor (by
its acceptance of the benefits of the Second-Lien Note Documents), and (y) the
Discharge of First-Lien Obligations and the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations
have each occurred, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the
Third-Lien Creditors, and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of
the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), in each case agree that none
of them shall seek relief, pursuant to Section 362(d) of the Bankruptcy Code or
otherwise, from the automatic stay of Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code or
from any other stay in any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding in respect of
the Collateral, without the prior written consent of the First-Lien Collateral
Agent (or, in the case of preceding clause (y), if the Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations has occurred, without the prior written consent of the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent).

         6.3    Adequate Protection. (a) The Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on
behalf of itself and the Second-Lien Creditors, and each other Second-Lien
Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the Second-Lien Note Documents)
and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the Third-Lien
Creditors, and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits
of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), each agree that, until the Discharge of
First-Lien Obligations has occurred, none of them shall (i) oppose, object to or
contest (or join with or support any third party opposing, objecting to or
contesting) (a) any request by the First-Lien Collateral Agent or the First-Lien
Creditors for adequate protection in any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding
(or any granting of such request) or (b) any objection by the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or the First-Lien Creditors to any motion, relief, action or
proceeding based on the First-Lien Collateral Agent or the First-Lien Creditors
claiming a lack of adequate protection or (ii) seek or accept any form of
adequate protection under any of Sections 362, 363 and/or 364 of the Bankruptcy
Code with respect to the Collateral, except to the extent that, in the
reasonable discretion of the First-Lien Creditors, the receipt by the
Second-Lien Creditors or the Third-Lien Creditors of any such adequate
protection would not reduce (or would not have the effect of reducing) or
adversely affect the adequate protection that the First-Lien Creditors otherwise
would be entitled to receive (it being understood that, in any event, (A) no
adequate protection shall be requested or accepted by (x) the Second-Lien
Creditors or by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent on their behalf or (y) by the
Third-Lien Creditors or by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent on their behalf
unless the First-Lien Creditors are satisfied in their reasonable discretion
with the adequate protection afforded to the First-Lien Creditors, and (B) any
such adequate protection is in the form of a replacement Lien on the Grantors'
assets, which Lien will be subordinated to the Liens securing the First-Lien
Obligations (including any replacement Liens granted in respect of the
First-Lien Obligations) and any Post-Petition Financing (and all Obligations
relating thereto) on the same basis as the other Liens securing the Second-Lien
Obligations are so subordinated to the First-Lien Obligations under this
Agreement.

         (b)    The Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the
Third-Lien Creditors, and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of
the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), each agree that, after the
Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has occurred, none of them shall (i) oppose,

                                      -40-
<PAGE>

object to or contest (or join with or support any third party opposing,
objecting to or contesting) (a) any request by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
or the Second-Lien Creditors for adequate protection in any Insolvency or
Liquidation Proceeding (or any granting of such request) or (b) any objection by
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the Second-Lien Creditors to any motion,
relief, action or proceeding based on the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the
Second-Lien Creditors claiming a lack of adequate protection or (ii) seek or
accept any form of adequate protection under any of Sections 362, 363 and/or 364
of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to the Collateral, except to the extent
that, in the reasonable discretion of the Second-Lien Creditors, the receipt by
the Third-Lien Creditors of any such adequate protection would not reduce (or
would not have the effect of reducing) or adversely affect the adequate
protection that the Second-Lien Creditors otherwise would be entitled to receive
(it being understood that, in any event, (A) no adequate protection shall be
requested or accepted by the Third-Lien Creditors or by the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent on their behalf unless the Second-Lien Creditors are satisfied
in their reasonable discretion with the adequate protection afforded to the
Second-Lien Creditors, and (B) any such adequate protection is in the form of a
replacement Lien on the Grantors' assets, which Lien will be subordinated to the
Liens securing the Second-Lien Obligations (including any replacement Liens
granted in respect of the Second-Lien Obligations) and any Post-Petition
Financing (and all Obligations relating thereto) on the same basis as the other
Liens securing the Third-Lien Obligations are so subordinated to the Second-Lien
Obligations under this Agreement.

         6.4    No Waiver; Voting Rights. (a) Nothing contained herein shall
prohibit or in any way limit the First-Lien Collateral Agent or any First-Lien
Creditor from objecting on any basis in any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding
or otherwise to any action taken by (x) the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any
Second-Lien Creditor and/or (y) the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any
Third-Lien Creditor, including the seeking by (x) the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent or any Second-Lien Creditor and/or (y) the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or
any Third-Lien Creditor of adequate protection or the assertion by (x) the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditor and/or (y) the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor of any of its rights and
remedies under the Second-Lien Note Documents, the Third-Lien Credit Documents
or otherwise. In any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding, neither (x) the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent nor any other Second-Lien Creditor nor (y) the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent nor any Third-Lien Creditor shall propose or support
any plan of reorganization or disclosure statement, or join with or support any
third party in doing so, to the extent the terms of such plan or disclosure
statement does not provide: (i) for the payment in full in cash of all
First-Lien Obligations (including all post-petition interest, fees and expenses
as provided in Section 6.6) on the effective date of such plan of
reorganization, or (ii) for the retention by the First-Lien Collateral Agent,
for the benefit of the First-Lien Creditors, of the Liens on the Collateral
securing the First-Lien Obligations, and on all proceeds thereof, and provides
that any Liens retained by, or granted to, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
and/or the Third-Lien Collateral Agent are only on assets or property securing
the First-Lien Obligations and shall have the same relative priority and rights
with respect to the Collateral or other assets or property, respectively, as
provided in this Agreement with respect to the Collateral (and with the
First-Lien Collateral Agent and First-Lien Creditors to have the benefits of
this Agreement or a successor agreement which provides them substantially the
same rights and protections as are provided herein), and to the extent such plan
provides for deferred cash payments, or for the distribution of any other
property of any kind or nature, on account of the First-Lien Obligations, the

                                      -41-
<PAGE>

Second-Lien Obligations and/or the Third-Lien Obligations, that any such
deferred cash payments or other distributions in respect of the Second-Lien
Obligations and/or the Third-Lien Obligations shall be delivered to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent and distributed in accordance with the priorities
provided in Section 4.1(a).

         (b)    Nothing contained herein shall prohibit or in any way limit the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditor from: (i) objecting on
any basis in any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding or otherwise to any action
taken by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor, including
the seeking by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor of
adequate protection or the assertion by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any
Third-Lien Creditor of any of its rights and remedies under the Third-Lien
Credit Documents or otherwise; or (ii) objecting to, voting against, or
otherwise opposing any proposed plan of reorganization or liquidation in any
Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding.

         (c)    Nothing contained herein shall prohibit or in any way limit the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor from objecting to, voting
against, or otherwise opposing any proposed plan of reorganization or
liquidation in any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding.

         6.5    Preference Issues. (a) If any First-Lien Creditor is required in
any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding or otherwise to turn over or otherwise
pay to the estate of the Borrower or any other Grantor any amount (a
"Recovery"), then the First-Lien Obligations shall be reinstated to the extent
of such Recovery and the First-Lien Creditors shall be entitled to a
reinstatement of First-Lien Obligations with respect to all such recovered
amounts. In such event, any Discharge of First-Lien Obligations for all purposes
of this Agreement shall be deemed to have not occurred (unless and until same
subsequently occurs with respect to the First-Lien Obligations after giving
effect to the provisions to this Section 6.5(a)). If this Agreement shall have
been terminated prior to such Recovery, this Agreement shall be reinstated in
full force and effect (and any prior Discharge of First-Lien Obligations shall
be deemed not to have occurred), and such prior termination shall not diminish,
release, discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligations of the parties
hereto from such date of reinstatement. Any amounts received by the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditor on account of the Second-Lien
Obligations, or by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor on
account of the Third-Lien Obligations, after the termination of this Agreement
(or any prior Discharge of First-Lien Obligations) shall, in the event of a
reinstatement pursuant to this Section 6.5(a), be held in trust for and paid
over to the First-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the First-Lien
Creditors, for application to the reinstated First-Lien Obligations.

         (b)    If any Second-Lien Creditor is required in any Insolvency or
Liquidation Proceeding or otherwise to turn over or otherwise pay to the estate
of the Borrower or any other Grantor any amount (a "Second-Lien Recovery"), then
the Second-Lien Obligations shall be reinstated to the extent of such
Second-Lien Recovery and the Second-Lien Creditors shall be entitled to a
reinstatement of Second-Lien Obligations with respect to all such recovered
amounts. In such event, any Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations for all
purposes of this Agreement shall be deemed to have not occurred (unless and
until same subsequently occurs with respect to the Second-Lien Obligations after
giving effect to the provisions to this Section 6.5(b)). If this Agreement shall
have been terminated prior to such Second-Lien Recovery, this Agreement shall be

                                      -42-
<PAGE>

reinstated in full force and effect (and any prior Discharge of Second-Lien
Obligations shall be deemed not to have occurred), and such prior termination
shall not diminish, release, discharge, impair or otherwise affect the
obligations of the parties hereto from such date of reinstatement. Any amounts
received by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor on
account of the Third-Lien Obligations, after the termination of this Agreement
(or any prior Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations) shall, in the event of a
reinstatement pursuant to this Section 6.5(b), be held in trust for and paid
over to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Second-Lien
Creditors, for application to the reinstated Second-Lien Obligations.

         (c)    This Section 6.5 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

         6.6    Post-Petition Interest. (a) Neither (x) the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent nor any Second-Lien Creditor nor (y) the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent nor any Third-Lien Creditor shall oppose or seek to challenge any claim by
the First-Lien Collateral Agent or any First-Lien Creditor for allowance in any
Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding of First-Lien Obligations consisting of
post-petition interest, fees or expenses. Regardless of whether any such claim
for post-petition interest, fees or expenses is allowed or allowable, and
without limiting the generality of the other provisions of this Agreement, this
Agreement expressly is intended to include and does include the "rule of
explicitness" in that this Agreement expressly entitles the First-Lien
Creditors, and is intended to provide the First-Lien Creditors with the right,
to receive payment of all post-petition interest, fees or expenses through
distributions made pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement even though such
interest, fees and expenses are not allowed or allowable against the bankruptcy
estate of the Borrower or any other Grantor under Section 502(b)(2) or Section
506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code or under any other provision of the Bankruptcy
Code or any other Bankruptcy Law.

         (b)    Neither the Third-Lien Collateral Agent nor any Third-Lien
Creditor shall oppose or seek to challenge any claim by the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditor for allowance in any Insolvency or
Liquidation Proceeding of Second-Lien Obligations consisting of post-petition
interest, fees or expenses. Regardless of whether any such claim for
post-petition interest, fees or expenses is allowed or allowable, and without
limiting the generality of the other provisions of this Agreement, this
Agreement expressly is intended to include and does include the "rule of
explicitness" in that this Agreement expressly entitles the Second-Lien
Creditors (after the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has occurred, including
as to amounts described in preceding clause (a)), and is intended to provide the
Second-Lien Creditors (after the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has
occurred, including as to amounts described in preceding clause (a)) with the
right, to receive payment of all post-petition interest, fees or expenses
through distributions made pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement even
though such interest, fees and expenses are not allowed or allowable against the
bankruptcy estate of the Borrower or any other Grantor under Section 502(b)(2)
or Section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code or under any other provision of the
Bankruptcy Code or any other Bankruptcy Law.

         (c)    Without limiting the foregoing, it is the intention of the
parties hereto that (and to the maximum extent permitted by law the parties
hereto agree that) (x) the First-Lien Obligations (and the security therefor)
constitute a separate and distinct class (and separate and distinct claims) from

                                      -43-
<PAGE>

the Second-Lien Obligations (and the security therefor) and the Third-Lien
Obligations (and the security therefor), (y) the Second-Lien Obligations (and
the security therefor) constitute a separate and distinct class (and separate
and distinct claims) from the First-Lien Obligations (and the security therefor)
and the Third-Lien Obligations (and the security therefor) and (z) the
Third-Lien Obligations (and the security therefor) constitute a separate and
distinct class (and separate and distinct claims) from the First-Lien
Obligations (and the security therefor) and the Second-Lien Obligations (and the
security therefor).

         6.7    Waiver. (a) Each of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself
and on behalf of the other Second-Lien Creditors, and the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent, for itself and on behalf of the other Third-Lien Creditors, waives any
claim it may hereafter have against any First-Lien Creditor arising out of the
election by any First-Lien Creditor of the application to the claims of any
First-Lien Creditor of Section 1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, and/or out of
any Cash Collateral or Post-Petition Financing arrangement or out of any grant
of a security interest in connection with the Collateral in any Insolvency or
Liquidation Proceeding.

         (b)    Each of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, for itself and on
behalf of the other Third-Lien Creditors, waives any claim it may hereafter have
against any Second-Lien Creditor arising out of the election by any Second-Lien
Creditor of the application to the claims of any Second-Lien Creditor of Section
1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, and/or out of any Cash Collateral or
Second-Lien Post-Petition Financing arrangement or out of any grant of a
security interest in connection with the Collateral in any Insolvency or
Liquidation Proceeding.

         6.8    Limitations. (a) So long as the Discharge of First-Lien
Obligations has not occurred, without the express written consent of the
First-Lien Collateral Agent, none of the Second-Lien Creditors and/or the
Third-Lien Creditors shall (or shall join with or support any third party
making, opposing, objecting or contesting, as the case may be), in any
Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding involving any Grantor, (i) make an election
for application to its claims of Section 1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii)
oppose, object to or contest the determination of the extent of any Liens held
by any of the First-Lien Creditors or the value of any claims of First-Lien
Creditors under Section 506(a) of the Bankruptcy Code or (iii) oppose, object to
or contest the payment to the First-Lien Creditors of interest, fees or expenses
under Section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code.

         (b)    So long as the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has occurred
and the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations has not occurred, without the
express written consent of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, none of the
Third-Lien Creditors shall (or shall join with or support any third party
making, opposing, objecting or contesting, as the case may be), in any
Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding involving any Grantor, (i) make an election
for application to its claims of Section 1111(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, (ii)
oppose, object to or contest the determination of the extent of any Liens held
by any of the Second-Lien Creditors or the value of any claims of Second-Lien
Creditors under Section 506(a) of the Bankruptcy Code or (iii) oppose, object to
or contest the payment to the Second-Lien Creditors of interest, fees or
expenses under Section 506(b) of the Bankruptcy Code.

                                      -44-
<PAGE>

         SECTION 7.   Reliance; Waivers; Etc.
                      -----------------------

         7.1    Reliance. Other than any reliance on the terms of this
Agreement, the First-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the
First-Lien Creditors under its First-Lien Credit Documents, acknowledges that it
and such First-Lien Creditors have, independently and without reliance on the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent, any Second-Lien Creditor, the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor, and based on documents and
information deemed by them appropriate, made their own credit analysis and
decision to enter into such First-Lien Credit Documents and be bound by the
terms of this Agreement and they will continue to make their own credit decision
in taking or not taking any action under the First-Lien Credit Agreement or this
Agreement. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the
Second-Lien Creditors, acknowledges that it and the Second-Lien Creditors have,
independently and without reliance on the First-Lien Collateral Agent, any
First-Lien Creditor, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor,
and based on documents and information deemed by them appropriate, made their
own credit analysis and decision to enter into each of the Second-Lien Note
Documents and be bound by the terms of this Agreement and they will continue to
make their own credit decision in taking or not taking any action under the
Second-Lien Note Documents or this Agreement. The Third-Lien Collateral Agent,
on behalf of itself and the Third-Lien Creditors, acknowledges that it and the
Third-Lien Creditors have, independently and without reliance on the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, any First-Lien Creditor, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or
any Second-Lien Creditor, and based on documents and information deemed by them
appropriate, made their own credit analysis and decision to enter into each of
the Third-Lien Credit Documents and be bound by the terms of this Agreement and
they will continue to make their own credit decision in taking or not taking any
action under the Third-Lien Credit Documents or this Agreement.

         7.2    No Warranties or Liability. Each of (x) the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the First-Lien Creditors under its
First-Lien Credit Documents, and (y) the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf
of itself and the Third-Lien Creditors under its Third-Lien Credit Documents,
acknowledge and agree that each of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the
Second-Lien Creditors have made no express or implied representation or
warranty, including with respect to the execution, validity, legality,
completeness, collectibility or enforceability of any of the Second-Lien Note
Documents, the ownership of any Collateral or the perfection or priority of any
Liens thereon. The Second-Lien Creditors will be entitled to manage and
supervise their respective loans and extensions of credit under the Second-Lien
Note Documents in accordance with law and as they may otherwise, in their sole
discretion, deem appropriate. Each of (x) the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on
behalf of itself and the Second-Lien Creditors under its Second-Lien Credit
Documents, and (y) the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the
Third-Lien Creditors under its Third-Lien Credit Documents, acknowledge and
agree that each of the First-Lien Collateral Agent and the First-Lien Creditors
have made no express or implied representation or warranty, including with
respect to the execution, validity, legality, completeness, collectibility or
enforceability of any of the First-Lien Documents, the ownership of any
Collateral or the perfection or priority of any Liens thereon. The First-Lien
Creditors will be entitled to manage and supervise their respective loans and
extensions of credit under their respective First-Lien Documents in accordance
with law and as they may otherwise, in their sole discretion, deem appropriate.
Each of (x) the First-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the
First-Lien Creditors under its First-Lien Credit Documents, and (y) the

                                      -45-
<PAGE>

Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the Second-Lien Creditors
under its Second-Lien Credit Documents, acknowledge and agree that each of the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the Third-Lien Creditors have made no express or
implied representation or warranty, including with respect to the execution,
validity, legality, completeness, collectibility or enforceability of any of the
Third-Lien Credit Documents, the ownership of any Collateral or the perfection
or priority of any Liens thereon. The Third-Lien Creditors will be entitled to
manage and supervise their respective loans and extensions of credit under the
Third-Lien Credit Documents in accordance with law and as they may otherwise, in
their sole discretion, deem appropriate. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the
Second-Lien Creditors, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the Third-Lien
Creditors shall have no duty to the First-Lien Collateral Agent or any of the
First-Lien Creditors, to act or refrain from acting in a manner which allows, or
results in, the occurrence or continuance of an event of default or default
under any agreements with the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor (including
the First-Lien Credit Documents, the Second-Lien Note Documents and the
Third-Lien Credit Documents), regardless of any knowledge thereof which they may
have or be charged with. The First-Lien Collateral Agent, the First-Lien
Creditors, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the Third-Lien Creditors shall
have no duty to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any of the Second-Lien
Creditors, to act or refrain from acting in a manner which allows, or results
in, the occurrence or continuance of an event of default or default under any
agreements with the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor (including the
First-Lien Credit Documents, the Second-Lien Note Documents and the Third-Lien
Credit Documents), regardless of any knowledge thereof which they may have or be
charged with. The First-Lien Collateral Agent, the First-Lien Creditors, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Creditors shall have no duty to
the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any of the Third-Lien Creditors, to act or
refrain from acting in a manner which allows, or results in, the occurrence or
continuance of an event of default or default under any agreements with the
Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor (including the First-Lien Credit Documents,
the Second-Lien Note Documents and the Third-Lien Credit Documents), regardless
of any knowledge thereof which they may have or be charged with.

         7.3    No Waiver of Lien Priorities.
                ----------------------------

         (a)    (i)   No right of the First-Lien Creditors, the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or any of them to enforce any provision of this Agreement or
any First-Lien Credit Document shall at any time in any way be prejudiced or
impaired by any act or failure to act on the part of the Borrower or any other
Grantor or by any act or failure to act by any First-Lien Creditor or the
First-Lien Collateral Agent, or by any noncompliance by any Person with the
terms, provisions and covenants of this Agreement, any of the First-Lien Credit
Documents, any of the Second-Lien Note Documents or any of the Third-Lien Credit
Documents, regardless of any knowledge thereof which the First-Lien Collateral
Agent or the First-Lien Creditors, or any of them, may have or be otherwise
charged with.

                (ii)  No right of the Second-Lien Creditors, the Second-Lien
         Collateral Agent or any of them to enforce any provision of this
         Agreement or any Second-Lien Note Document (subject to the provisions
         of this Agreement) shall at any time in any way be prejudiced or
         impaired by any act or failure to act on the part of the Borrower or
         any other Grantor or by any act or failure to act by any Second-Lien
         Creditor or the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, or by any noncompliance

                                      -46-
<PAGE>

         by any Person with the terms, provisions and covenants of this
         Agreement, any of the Second-Lien Note Documents or any of the
         Third-Lien Credit Documents, regardless of any knowledge thereof which
         the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the Second-Lien Creditors, or any
         of them, may have or be otherwise charged with.

                (iii) No right of the Third-Lien Creditors, the Third-Lien
         Collateral Agent or any of them to enforce any provision of this
         Agreement or any Third-Lien Credit Document (subject to the provisions
         of this Agreement) shall at any time in any way be prejudiced or
         impaired by any act or failure to act on the part of the Borrower or
         any other Grantor or by any act or failure to act by any Third-Lien
         Creditor or the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, or by any noncompliance by
         any Person with the terms, provisions and covenants of this Agreement,
         any of the Third-Lien Credit Documents, regardless of any knowledge
         thereof which the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or the Third-Lien
         Creditors, or any of them, may have or be otherwise charged with.

         (b)    Without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing
paragraph (but subject to the rights of the Borrower and the other Grantors
under the First-Lien Credit Documents), the First-Lien Creditors, the First-Lien
Collateral Agent and any of them may, at any time and from time to time in
accordance with the First-Lien Credit Documents and/or applicable law, without
the consent of, or notice to, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, any other
Second-Lien Creditor, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor
without incurring any liabilities to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, any other
Second-Lien Creditor, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor
and without impairing or releasing the Lien priorities and other benefits
provided in this Agreement (even if any right of subrogation or other right or
remedy of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, any Second-Lien Creditor, the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor is affected, impaired or
extinguished thereby) do any one or more of the following:

                (i)   make loans and advances to any Grantor or issue, guaranty
         or obtain letters of credit for account of any Grantor or otherwise
         extend credit to any Grantor, in any amount and on any terms, whether
         pursuant to a commitment or as a discretionary advance and whether or
         not any default or event of default or failure of condition is then
         continuing;

                (ii)  change the manner, place or terms of payment or change or
         extend the time of payment of, or amend, renew, exchange, increase or
         alter, the terms of any of the First-Lien Obligations or any Lien on
         any First-Lien Collateral or guaranty thereof or any liability of the
         Borrower or any other Grantor, or any liability incurred directly or
         indirectly in respect thereof (including any increase in or extension
         of the First-Lien Obligations, without any restriction as to the
         amount, tenor or terms of any such increase or extension) or otherwise
         amend, renew, exchange, extend, modify or supplement in any manner any
         Liens held by the First-Lien Collateral Agent or any of the First-Lien
         Creditors, the First-Lien Obligations or any of the First-Lien Credit
         Documents;

                                      -47-
<PAGE>

                (iii) sell, exchange, release, surrender, realize upon, enforce
         or otherwise deal with in any manner and in any order any part of the
         First-Lien Collateral or any liability of the Borrower or any other
         Grantor to the First-Lien Creditors or the First-Lien Collateral Agent,
         or any liability incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof;

                (iv)  settle or compromise any First-Lien Obligation or any
         other liability of the Borrower or any other Grantor or any security
         therefor or any liability incurred directly or indirectly in respect
         thereof and apply any sums by whomsoever paid and however realized to
         any liability (including the First-Lien Obligations) in any manner or
         order;

                (v)   exercise or delay in or refrain from exercising any right
         or remedy against the Borrower or any other Grantor or any other Person
         or with respect to any security, elect any remedy and otherwise deal
         freely with the Borrower, any other Grantor or any First-Lien
         Collateral and any security and any guarantor or any liability of the
         Borrower or any other Grantor to the First-Lien Creditors or any
         liability incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof; and

                (vi)  release or discharge any First-Lien Obligation or any
         guaranty thereof or any agreement or obligation of any Grantor or any
         other Person with respect thereto.

         Nothing in this Section 7.3, however, shall affect the amount of
Obligations or Hedging Obligations which shall constitute First-Lien Obligations
and/or Second-Lien Obligations.

         (c)    (i) The Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and
the Second-Lien Creditors, and each other Second-Lien Creditor (by its
acceptance of the benefits of the Second-Lien Note Documents), agrees not to
assert and hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to
demand, request, plead or otherwise assert or otherwise claim the benefit of,
any marshalling, appraisal, valuation or other similar right that may otherwise
be available under applicable law with respect to the Collateral or any other
similar rights a junior secured creditor may have under applicable law.

                (ii)  The Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and
the Third-Lien Creditors, and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance
of the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), agrees not to assert and
hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to demand,
request, plead or otherwise assert or otherwise claim the benefit of, any
marshalling, appraisal, valuation or other similar right that may otherwise be
available under applicable law with respect to the Collateral or any other
similar rights a junior secured creditor may have under applicable law.

         7.4    Waiver of Liability; Indemnity. (a) The Second-Lien Collateral
Agent, on behalf of itself and the Second-Lien Creditors, and each other
Second-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the Second-Lien Note
Documents), and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the
Third-Lien Creditors, and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of

                                      -48-
<PAGE>

the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), each also agree that the
First-Lien Creditors and the First-Lien Collateral Agent shall have no liability
to any of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, any Second-Lien Creditors, the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditors; and the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the Second-Lien Creditors, and each
other Second-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the Second-Lien
Note Documents), and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and
the Third-Lien Creditors, and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance
of the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents) each hereby waive any claim
against any First-Lien Creditor or the First-Lien Collateral Agent, arising out
of any and all actions which the First-Lien Creditors or the First-Lien
Collateral Agent may take or permit or omit to take with respect to: (i) the
First-Lien Credit Documents (including, without limitation, any failure to
perfect or obtain perfected security interests in the First-Lien Collateral),
(ii) the collection of the First-Lien Obligations or (iii) the foreclosure upon,
or sale, liquidation or other disposition of, any First-Lien Collateral. The
Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the Second-Lien Creditors
and each other Second-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the
Second-Lien Note Documents), and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of
itself and the Third-Lien Creditors, and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its
acceptance of the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), each agree that
the First-Lien Creditors and the First-Lien Collateral Agent have no duty,
express or implied, fiduciary or otherwise, to any of them in respect of the
maintenance or preservation of the First-Lien Collateral, the First-Lien
Obligations or otherwise. Neither the First-Lien Collateral Agent nor any other
First-Lien Creditor nor any of their respective directors, officers, employees
or agents will be liable for failure to demand, collect or realize upon any of
the Collateral or for any delay in doing so, or will be under any obligation to
sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral upon the request of any other
Grantor or upon the request of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent, any other holder of Second-Lien Obligations, any other holder
of Third-Lien Obligations or any other Person or to take any other action
whatsoever with regard to the Collateral or any part thereof. Without limiting
the foregoing, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the
Second-Lien Creditors, and each Second-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the
benefits of the Second-Lien Note Documents) and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent,
on behalf of itself and the Third-Lien Creditors, and each Third-Lien Creditor
(by its acceptance of the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), each
agree that neither the First-Lien Collateral Agent nor any other First-Lien
Creditor (in directing the Collateral Agent to take any action with respect to
the Collateral) shall have any duty or obligation to realize first upon any type
of Collateral or to sell, dispose of or otherwise liquidate all or any portion
of the Collateral in any manner, including as a result of the application of the
principles of marshaling or otherwise, that would maximize the return to any
class of Creditors holding Obligations of any type (whether First-Lien
Obligations, Second-Lien Obligations or Third-Lien Obligations), notwithstanding
that the order and timing of any such realization, sale, disposition or
liquidation may affect the amount of proceeds actually received by such class of
Creditors from such realization, sale, disposition or liquidation.

         (b)    After the Discharge of the First-Lien Obligations occurs, the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the Third-Lien Creditors,
and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the
Third-Lien Credit Documents), each also agree that the Second-Lien Creditors and
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall have no liability to any of the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditors; and the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the Third-Lien Creditors, and each
other Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the Third-Lien
Credit Documents), each hereby waive any claim against any Second-Lien Creditor
or the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, arising out of any and all actions which
the Second-Lien Creditors or the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may take or permit
or omit to take with respect to: (i) the Second-Lien Note Documents (including,
without limitation, any failure to perfect or obtain perfected security
interests in the Second-Lien Collateral), (ii) the collection of the Second-Lien
Obligations or (iii) the foreclosure upon, or sale, liquidation or other
disposition of, any Second-Lien Collateral. The Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on
behalf of itself and the Third-Lien Creditors and each other Third-Lien Creditor

                                      -49-
<PAGE>

(by its acceptance of the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), each
agree that the Second-Lien Creditors and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent have
no duty, express or implied, fiduciary or otherwise, to any of them in respect
of the maintenance or preservation of the Second-Lien Collateral, the
Second-Lien Obligations or otherwise. With respect to the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent and the Third-Lien Creditors, neither the Second-Lien Collateral Agent nor
any other Second-Lien Creditor nor any of their respective directors, officers,
employees or agents will be liable for failure to demand, collect or realize
upon any of the Collateral or for any delay in doing so, or will be under any
obligation to sell or otherwise dispose of any Collateral upon the request of
any other Grantor or upon the request of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, or any
other holder of Third-Lien Obligations or to take any other action whatsoever
with regard to the Collateral or any part thereof. Without limiting the
foregoing, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the
Third-Lien Creditors, and each Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the
benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), each agree that neither the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent nor any other Second-Lien Creditor (in directing
any Collateral Agent to take any action with respect to the Collateral) shall
have any duty or obligation to realize first upon any type of Collateral or to
sell, dispose of or otherwise liquidate all or any portion of the Collateral in
any manner, including as a result of the application of the principles of
marshaling or otherwise, that would maximize the return to any class of
Creditors holding Obligations of any type (whether Second-Lien Obligations or
Third-Lien Obligations), notwithstanding that the order and timing of any such
realization, sale, disposition or liquidation may affect the amount of proceeds
actually received by such class of Creditors from such realization, sale,
disposition or liquidation.

         (c)    With respect to its share of the Obligations, any Collateral
Agent which is independently a Creditor shall have and may exercise the same
rights and powers hereunder as, and shall be subject to the same obligations and
liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for, any other Creditor, all
as if such Collateral Agent were not a Collateral Agent. The term "Creditors" or
any similar term shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include
any Collateral Agent in its individual capacity as a Creditor. Each Collateral
Agent and its affiliates may lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of
business with, the Grantors or any of their Affiliates as if such Collateral
Agent were not acting as a Collateral Agent and without any duty to account
therefor to any other Creditor.

         7.5    Obligations Unconditional. All rights, interests, agreements and
obligations of the First-Lien Collateral Agent and the First-Lien Creditors, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Creditors, and the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent and the Third-Lien Creditors, respectively, hereunder
(including the Lien priorities established hereby) shall remain in full force
and effect irrespective of:

                                      -50-
<PAGE>

                (a)   any lack of validity or enforceability of any First-Lien
         Credit Document, any Second-Lien Note Document or any Third-Lien Credit
         Document;

                (b)   any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or
         in any other terms of, all or any of the First-Lien Obligations or
         Second-Lien Obligations or Third-Lien Obligations, or any amendment or
         waiver or other modification, including any increase in the amount
         thereof, whether by course of conduct or otherwise, of the terms of any
         First-Lien Credit Document, any Second-Lien Note Document or any
         Third-Lien Credit Document;

                (c)   any exchange of any security interest in any Collateral or
         any other collateral, or any amendment, waiver or other modification,
         whether in writing or by course of conduct or otherwise, of all or any
         of the First-Lien Obligations, Second-Lien Obligations or Third-Lien
         Obligations or any guarantee thereof;

                (d)   the commencement of any Insolvency or Liquidation
         Proceeding in respect of the Borrower or any other Grantor; or

                (e)   any other circumstances which otherwise might constitute a
         defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any other
         Grantor in respect of any of the First-Lien Obligations, or of the
         Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditor in respect of
         this Agreement, or of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien
         Creditor in respect of this Agreement.

         SECTION 8.   Miscellaneous.
                      -------------

         8.1    Conflicts. In the event of any conflict between the provisions
of this Agreement and the provisions of the First-Lien Credit Documents, the
Second-Lien Note Documents or the Third-Lien Credit Documents, the provisions of
this Agreement shall govern and control.

         8.2    Effectiveness; Continuing Nature of this Agreement;
Severability. This Agreement shall become effective when executed and delivered
by the parties hereto. This is a continuing agreement of lien subordination and
the First-Lien Creditors may continue, at any time and without notice to the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any Second-Lien Creditor or the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor, to extend credit and other
financial accommodations and lend monies to or for the benefit of the Borrower
or any Grantor constituting First-Lien Obligations in reliance hereof. The
First-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the First-Lien Creditors,
and each other First-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the
First-Lien Documents), the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and
the Second-Lien Creditors, and each other Second-Lien Creditor (by its
acceptance of the benefits of the Second-Lien Note Documents), and the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the Third-Lien Creditors,
and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the
Third-Lien Credit Documents), hereby waives any right it may have under
applicable law to revoke this Agreement or any of the provisions of this
Agreement. The terms of this Agreement shall survive, and shall continue in full
force and effect, in any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, this Agreement is intended to constitute and

                                      -51-
<PAGE>

shall be deemed to constitute a "subordination agreement" within the meaning of
Section 510(a) of the Bankruptcy Code and is intended to be and shall be
interpreted to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted pursuant to
applicable nonbankruptcy law. Any provision of this Agreement which is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate the
remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any
jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any
other jurisdiction. All references to the Borrower or any other Grantor shall
include the Borrower or such Grantor as debtor and debtor-in-possession and any
receiver or trustee for the Borrower or any other Grantor (as the case may be)
in any Insolvency or Liquidation Proceeding. This Agreement shall terminate and
be of no further force and effect, (i) with respect to the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Creditors and the Second-Lien Obligations,
upon the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations (in a manner which is not in
contravention of the terms of this Agreement), subject to the rights of the
First-Lien Creditors and the Second-Lien Creditors under Section 6.5, (ii) with
respect to the First-Lien Collateral Agent, the First-Lien Creditors and the
First-Lien Obligations, the date of the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations,
subject to the rights of the First-Lien Creditors under Section 6.5(c), and
(iii) with respect to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, the Third-Lien Creditors
and the Third-Lien Obligations, upon the Discharge of Third-Lien Obligations (in
a manner not in contravention of the terms of this Agreement), subject to the
rights of the First-Lien Creditors and the Second-Lien Creditors under Section
6.5.

         8.3    Amendments; Waivers. No amendment, modification or waiver of any
of the provisions of this Agreement by the First-Lien Collateral Agent, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall be made
unless the same shall be in writing signed on behalf of each party hereto;
provided that (x) the First-Lien Collateral Agent (at the direction of the
Required First-Lien Creditors) may, without the written consent of any other
Creditor, agree to modifications of this Agreement for the purpose of securing
additional extensions of credit (including pursuant to the First-Lien Credit
Agreement or any Refinancing or extension thereof) and adding new creditors as
"First-Lien Creditors" and "Creditors" hereunder, so long as such extensions
(and resulting additions) do not otherwise give rise to a violation of the
express terms of the First-Lien Credit Agreement and, without the prior written
consent of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and Third-Lien Collateral Agent,
would not cause the Maximum First-Lien Credit Documents Principal Amount and/or
Maximum Hedging Obligations Notional Amount (as relevant) to be exceeded as a
result of the inclusion of such extensions of credit, and (y) additional
Grantors may be added as parties hereto in accordance with the provisions of
Section 8.18 of this Agreement. Each waiver of the terms of this Agreement, if
any, shall be a waiver only with respect to the specific instance involved and
shall not impair the rights of the parties making such waiver or the obligations
of the other parties to such party in any other respect or at any other time.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Grantor shall have any right to consent to or
approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement
except to the extent its rights, interests, liabilities or privileges are
directly affected.

         8.4    Information Concerning Financial Condition of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries. The First-Lien Collateral Agent and the First-Lien Creditors,
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Creditors, and the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the Third-Lien Creditors, shall each be
responsible for keeping themselves informed of (a) the financial condition of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and all endorsers and/or guarantors of the

                                      -52-
<PAGE>

First-Lien Obligations, the Second-Lien Obligations or the Third-Lien
Obligations and (b) all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment
of the First-Lien Obligations, the Second-Lien Obligations or the Third-Lien
Obligations. Except as otherwise set forth herein, none of the Collateral Agents
nor any Creditor shall have any duty to advise any of the other Collateral
Agents, or any other Creditor, of information known to it or them regarding such
condition or any such circumstances or otherwise. In the event the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or any of the First-Lien Creditors, in its or their sole
discretion, undertakes at any time or from time to time to provide any such
information to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, any Second-Lien Creditor, the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any Third-Lien Creditor, it or they shall be
under no obligation (w) to make, and the First-Lien Collateral Agent and the
First-Lien Creditors shall not make, any express or implied representation or
warranty, including with respect to the accuracy, completeness, truthfulness or
validity of any such information so provided, (x) to provide any additional
information or to provide any such information on any subsequent occasion, (y)
to undertake any investigation or (z) to disclose any information which,
pursuant to accepted or reasonable commercial finance practices, such party
wishes to maintain confidential or is otherwise required to maintain
confidential.

         8.5    Subrogation. Subject to the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations,
with respect to the value of any payments or distributions in cash, property or
other assets that any of (x) the Second-Lien Creditors, the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, the Third-Lien Creditors or the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
pay over to the First-Lien Collateral Agent or First-Lien Creditors under the
terms of this Agreement or (y) the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or the Third-Lien
Creditors pay over to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or Second-Lien Creditors
under the terms of this Agreement, the respective paying Creditors shall be
subrogated to the rights of the payee Creditors; provided that, the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the Second-Lien Creditors, and each
other Second-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the Second-Lien
Note Documents), and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and
the Third-Lien Creditors, and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance
of the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), hereby agree not to assert
or enforce all such rights of subrogation it may acquire as a result of any
payment hereunder until (x) in the case of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and
Second-Lien Creditors, the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations has occurred and
(y) in the case of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and Third-Lien Creditors, the
Discharge of First-Lien Obligations and the Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations
have each occurred. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the value of any
payments or distributions in cash, property or other assets (x) received by any
of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Creditors, the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent or the Third-Lien Creditors and paid over to the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or the First-Lien Creditors pursuant to, and applied in
accordance with this Agreement, shall not relieve or reduce any of the
Obligations owed by the Borrower under the Second-Lien Note Documents or the
Third-Lien Credit Documents and (y) received by any of the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent or the Third-Lien Creditors and paid over to the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent or the Second-Lien Creditors pursuant to, and applied in accordance with
this Agreement, shall not relieve or reduce any of the Obligations owed by the
Borrower under the Third-Lien Credit Documents.

         8.6    Application of Payments. All payments received by the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or the First-Lien Creditors may be applied, reversed and
reapplied, in whole or in part, to such part of the First-Lien Obligations as
the First-Lien Creditors, in their sole discretion, deem appropriate. The

                                      -53-
<PAGE>

Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the Second-Lien Creditors,
and each other Second-Lien Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of the
Second-Lien Note Documents), and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on behalf of
itself and the Third-Lien Creditors, and each other Third-Lien Creditor (by its
acceptance of the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents), assent to any
extension or postponement of the time of payment of the First-Lien Obligations
or any part thereof and to any other indulgence with respect thereto, to any
substitution, exchange or release of any security which may at any time secure
any part of the First-Lien Obligations and to the addition or release of any
other Person primarily or secondarily liable therefor.

         8.7    SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVERS. (a) THE PARTIES HERETO
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMIT TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE
COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, CITY OF NEW
YORK AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT
OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY
AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD
AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT
A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE
ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER
PROVIDED BY LAW.

         (b)    THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH EACH MAY NOW OR
HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN SECTION 8.7(a). EACH
OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF
SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.

         (c)    EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR
ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT
OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT
SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE
FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE
BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.

                                      -54-
<PAGE>

         8.8    Notices. All notices to the First-Lien Creditors, the Second-
Lien Creditors or the Third-Lien Creditors permitted or required under this
Agreement may be sent, respectively, to the First-Lien Collateral Agent, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the Third-Lien Collateral Agent. Unless
otherwise specifically provided herein, any notice or other communication herein
required or permitted to be given shall be in writing and may be personally
served, electronically mailed or sent by courier service or U.S. mail and shall
be deemed to have been given when delivered in person or by courier service,
upon receipt of electronic mail or four Business Days after deposit in the U.S.
mail (registered or certified, with postage prepaid and properly addressed). For
the purposes hereof, the addresses of the parties hereto shall be as set forth
below each party's name on the signature pages hereto, or, as to each party, at
such other address as may be designated by such party in a written notice to all
of the other parties.

         8.9    Further Assurances. Each of the First-Lien Collateral Agent, on
behalf of itself and the First-Lien Creditors, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent,
on behalf of itself and the Second-Lien Creditors, the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent, on behalf of itself and the Third-Lien Creditors, and the Borrower, agree
that each of them shall take such further action and shall execute and deliver
such additional documents and instruments (in recordable form, if requested) as
any of the First-Lien Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and/or
the Third-Lien Collateral Agent may reasonably request to effectuate the terms
of and the lien priorities contemplated by this Agreement. Each Second-Lien
Creditor, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Second-Lien Note Documents,
agrees to be bound by the agreements herein made by it and the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, on its behalf. Each Third-Lien Creditor, by its acceptance of
the benefits of the Third-Lien Credit Documents, agrees to be bound by the
agreements herein made by it and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, on its behalf.

         8.10   APPLICABLE LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL
BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
INCLUDING GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW 5-1401.

         8.11   Binding on Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be
binding upon First-Lien Collateral Agent, the First-Lien Creditors, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Creditors, the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent, the Third-Lien Creditors and their respective successors and
assigns, including without limitation any successor or assign to all or a
portion of the duties of any Collateral Agent (or any sub-agent or
sub-collateral agent appointed by it).

         8.12   Specific Performance. Each of the First-Lien Collateral Agent,
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent may demand
specific performance of this Agreement. Each of the First-Lien Collateral Agent,
on behalf of itself and the First-Lien Creditors, the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent, on behalf of itself and the Second-Lien Creditors, and the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent, on behalf of itself and the Third-Lien Creditors, hereby
irrevocably waives any defense based on the adequacy of a remedy at law and any


                                      -55-
<PAGE>

other defense which might be asserted to bar the remedy of specific performance
in any action which may be brought by the First-Lien Collateral Agent, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, as the case may
be.

         8.13   Headings. Section headings in this Agreement are included herein
for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this
Agreement for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect.

         8.14   Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts
(and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall
constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a
single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this
Agreement or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith by
telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of
this Agreement or such other document or instrument, as applicable.

         8.15   Authorization. By its signature, each Person executing this
Agreement on behalf of a party hereto represents and warrants to the other
parties hereto that it is duly authorized to execute this Agreement. Each
Second-Lien Creditor, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Second-Lien Note
Documents, and each Third-Lien Creditor, by its acceptance of the benefits of
the Third-Lien Credit Documents, agrees to be bound by the agreements made
herein.

         8.16   No Third Party Beneficiaries; Effect of Agreement. This
Agreement and the rights and benefits hereof shall inure to the benefit of each
of the parties hereto and its respective successors and assigns and shall inure
to the benefit of each of the First-Lien Creditors, the Second-Lien Creditors
and the Third-Lien Creditors. No other Person shall have or be entitled to
assert rights or benefits hereunder. Nothing in this Agreement shall impair, as
between the Borrower and the First-Lien Collateral Agent and the First-Lien
Creditors, the Borrower and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien
Creditors, or the Borrower and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the
Third-Lien Creditors, the obligations of the Borrower to pay principal,
interest, fees and other amounts as provided in the First-Lien Credit Documents,
the Second-Lien Note Documents and the Third-Lien Credit Documents,
respectively.

         8.17   Provisions Solely to Define Relative Rights. The provisions of
this Agreement are and are intended solely for the purpose of defining the
relative rights of the First-Lien Creditors and the First-Lien Collateral Agent,
the Second-Lien Creditors and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, and the
Third-Lien Creditors and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent. None of the Borrower,
any other Grantor or any other creditor thereof shall have any rights hereunder.
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to or shall impair the obligations of the
Borrower or any other Grantor, which are absolute and unconditional, to pay the
First-Lien Obligations, the Second-Lien Obligations and the Third-Lien
Obligations as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with
their terms.

         8.18   Grantors; Additional Grantors. It is understood and agreed that
the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor on the date of this Agreement shall
constitute the original Grantors party hereto. The original Grantors hereby
covenant and agree to cause each Subsidiary of the Borrower which becomes a

                                      -56-
<PAGE>

Subsidiary Guarantor after the date hereof to contemporaneously become a party
hereto (as a Grantor) by executing and delivering a counterpart hereof to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent or by executing and delivering an assumption
agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the First-Lien
Collateral Agent. The parties hereto further agree that, notwithstanding any
failure to take the actions required by the immediately preceding sentence, each
Person which becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor at any time (and any security
granted by any such Person) shall be subject to the provisions hereof as fully
as if same constituted a Grantor party hereto and had complied with the
requirements of the immediately preceding sentence.

                                      -57-
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Intercreditor
Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                        First-Lien Collateral Agent

Notice Address:                         DEUTSCHE BANK AG CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH,
- --------------                          in its capacities as First-Lien
                                        Administrative Agent and First-Lien
60 Wall Street                          Collateral Agent
New York, New York 10005
Telephone:  (212) 250-6142
Telecopier: (212) 797-5692              By: /s/ Alexander Richarz
Attention:  Alexander Richarz              -------------------------------------
                                           Name:  Alexander Richarz
                                           Title: Vice President


                                        By: /s/ Gregory Shefrin
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Name:  Gregory Shefrin
                                           Title: Director

<PAGE>
                                        Second-Lien Collateral Agent

Notice Address:                         HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
- --------------                          in its capacities as Second-Lien
                                        Trustee and Second-Lien Collateral Agent
452 Fifth Avenue
New York, New York 10018
Telecopier: (212) 525-1300              By: /s/ Stephen Ferrera
Attention:  Corporate Trust                -------------------------------------
                                           Name:  Stephen Ferrera
                                           Title: Vice President


                                        Third-Lien Collateral Agent

Notice Address:                         HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
- --------------                          in its capacities as Third-Lien
                                        Administrative Agent and Third-Lien
Issuer Services:                        Collateral Agent
Telephone:  (212) 525-1316
Telecopier: (212) 525-1300              By: /s/ Frank J. Godino
Attention:  Frank J. Godino                -------------------------------------
                                           Name:  Frank J. Godino
Mailing Address:                           Title: Vice President
452 Fifth Avenue
New York, New York  10018

Delivery Address:
10 East 40th Street, 14th Floor
New York, New York  10018

<PAGE>

Notice Address:                          RCN CORPORATION
- --------------

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          BRAINSTORM NETWORKS, INC.,
- --------------                           as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          HOT SPOTS PRODUCTIONS, INC.,
- --------------                           as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          ON TV, INC., as a Subsidiary Guarantor
- --------------

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          RCN-BECOCOM, LLC, as a Subsidiary
- --------------                           Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                      By: RCN Telecom Services of
Princeton, NJ 08540                          Massachusetts, Inc., its managing
Telephone:  (609) 734-3700                   member
Telecopier: (609) 734-3830
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer          By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
                                                --------------------------------
                                                Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                Title: Executive Vice President
                                                       and Chief Financial
                                                       Officer

<PAGE>

Notice Address:                          RCN CABLE TV OF CHICAGO, INC.,
- --------------                           as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          RCN ENTERTAINMENT, INC.,
- --------------                           as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          RCN FINANCE, LLC, as a Subsidiary
- --------------                           Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          RCN FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC., as a
- --------------                           Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          RCN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC.,
- --------------                           as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


<PAGE>

Notice Address:                          RCN INTERNET SERVICES, INC.,
- --------------                           as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          RCN TELECOM SERVICES, INC.,
- --------------                           as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS, LLC,
- --------------                           as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF MASSACHUSETTS,
- --------------                           INC., as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF PHILADELPHIA,
- --------------                           INC., as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF VIRGINIA, INC.,
- --------------                           as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF WASHINGTON
- --------------                           D.C., INC., as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          RFM 2, LLC, as a Subsidiary Guarantor
- --------------
                                         By: RCN Corporation, its managing
                                             member
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                          By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                             --------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                             Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer              Title: Executive Vice President
                                                       and Chief Financial
                                                       Officer


Notice Address:                          RLH PROPERTY CORPORATION,
- --------------                           as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          TEC AIR, INC., as a Subsidiary
- --------------                           Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          21ST CENTURY TELECOM SERVICES, INC., as
- --------------                           a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


Notice Address:                          UNET HOLDING, INC., as a Subsidiary
- --------------                           Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer


<PAGE>

Address:                                 STARPOWER COMMUNICATIONS, LLC,
- -------                                  as a Subsidiary Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                      By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                         ------------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                         Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer          Title: Manager


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>rcn_sec-agree.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.8 - FIRST LIEN SECURITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 99.8



===============================================================================



                              SECURITY AGREEMENT


                                     among


                               RCN CORPORATION,

                    CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES OF RCN CORPORATION


                                      and


                    DEUTSCHE BANK AG CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH,
                        as FIRST-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT


                       --------------------------------

                         Dated as of December 21, 2004
                       --------------------------------



================================================================================


                              SECURITY AGREEMENT


                  SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of December 21, 2004, made by
each of the undersigned assignors (each, an "Assignor" and, together with any
other entity that becomes an assignor hereunder pursuant to Section 10.12
hereof, the "Assignors") in favor of Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch,
as collateral agent (together with any successor collateral agent, the
"First-Lien Collateral Agent"), for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as
defined below). Certain capitalized terms as used herein are defined in
Article IX hereof. Except as otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms
used herein and defined in the Credit Agreement (as defined below) shall be
used herein as therein defined.


                             W I T N E S S E T H:
                             - - - - - - - - - -


                  WHEREAS, RCN Corporation (the "Borrower"), the lenders from
time to time party thereto (the "Lenders"), Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as
Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager, and Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands
Branch, as administrative agent (together with any successor Administrative
Agent, the "Administrative Agent"), Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as
syndication agent, and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as documentation agent,
have entered into a First-Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004
(as amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the
"Credit Agreement"), providing for the making of Loans to, and the issuance
of, and participation in, Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower,
all as contemplated therein (the Lenders, each Issuing Lender, the
Administrative Agent, the First-Lien Collateral Agent and each other Agent are
herein called the "Lender Creditors");

                  WHEREAS, the Borrower and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries
may at any time and from time to time enter into one or more Interest Rate
Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements with one or more Lenders or
any affiliate thereof (each such Lender or affiliate, even if the respective
Lender subsequently ceases to be a Lender under the Credit Agreement for any
reason, together with such Lender's or affiliate's successors and assigns, if
any, collectively, the "Other Creditors" and, together with the Lender
Creditors, the "Secured Creditors");

                  WHEREAS, pursuant to the Subsidiaries Guaranty, each
Subsidiary Guarantor has jointly and severally guaranteed to the Secured
Creditors the payment when due of all Guaranteed Obligations as described
therein;

                  WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the making of Loans
to the Borrower and the issuance of, and participation in, Letters of Credit
for the account of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement and to the Other
Creditors entering into Interest Rate Protection Agreements and Other Hedging
Agreements that each Assignor shall have executed and delivered to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent this Agreement; and

                  WHEREAS, each Assignor will obtain benefits from the
incurrence of Loans by the Borrower and the issuance of, and participation in,
Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement
and the entering into by the Borrower and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries
of Interest Rate Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements and,
accordingly, desires to execute this Agreement in order to satisfy the
condition described in the preceding paragraph and to induce the Lenders to
make Loans to the Borrower and issue, and/or participate in, Letters of Credit
for the account of the Borrower and the Other Creditors to enter into Interest
Rate Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements with the Borrower
and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries;

                  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the benefits accruing to
each Assignor, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
each Assignor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and
hereby covenants and agrees with the First-Lien Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Creditors as follows:

                                  ARTICLE I

                              SECURITY INTERESTS

                  1.1 Grant of Security Interests. (a) As security for the
prompt and complete payment and performance when due of all of its
Obligations, each Assignor does hereby assign and transfer unto the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, and does hereby pledge and grant to the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, a continuing
security interest in all of the right, title and interest of such Assignor in,
to and under all of the following personal property and fixtures (and all
rights therein) of such Assignor, or in which or to which such Assignor has
any rights, in each case whether now existing or hereafter from time to time
acquired:

                  (i) each and every Account;

                  (ii) all cash and Cash Equivalents;

                  (iii) the Cash Collateral Account and all monies,
     securities, Instruments and other investments deposited in the Cash
     Collateral Account;

                  (iv) all Chattel Paper (including, without limitation, all
     Tangible Chattel Paper and all Electronic Chattel Paper);

                  (v) all Commercial Tort Claims;

                  (vi) all computer programs of such Assignor and all
     intellectual property rights therein and all other proprietary
     information of such Assignor, including but not limited to all Software,
     and all Software licensing rights, all writings, plans, specifications
     and schematics, all engineering drawings, customer lists, goodwill and
     licenses, and all recorded data of any kind or nature, regardless of the
     medium of recording;

                  (vii) all Domain Names;

                  (viii) all Trade Secret Rights;

                  (ix) Contracts, together with all Contract Rights arising
     thereunder;

                  (x) all Copyrights;

                  (xi) all Equipment;

                  (xii) all Deposit Accounts and all other demand, deposit,
     time, savings, cash management and passbook accounts maintained by such
     Assignor with any Person and all monies, securities, Instruments and
     other investments deposited in any of the foregoing;

                  (xiii) all Documents;

                  (xiv) all General Intangibles;

                  (xv) all Goods;

                  (xvi) all Instruments;

                  (xvii) all Inventory;

                  (xviii) all Investment Property;

                  (xix) all Letter-of-Credit Rights (whether or not the
     respective letter of credit is evidenced by a writing);

                  (xx) all Marks;

                  (xxi) all Patents;

                  (xxii) all Permits;

                  (xxiii) all Supporting Obligations; and

                  (xxiv) all Proceeds and products of any and all of the
     foregoing and any item excluded pursuant to the next succeeding sentence
     (except to the extent such proceeds would independently be excluded
     pursuant to said sentence) (all of the above, the "Collateral").

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, in no event shall
the Collateral include, and no Assignor shall be deemed to have granted a
security interest (unless and until as further provided below) in (a) any
lease, license, contract, property rights or agreement to which any Assignor
is a party or any of its rights or interests thereunder or property subject
thereto if and for so long as the grant of such security interest shall
constitute or result in (i) the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability
of same or (ii) in a breach or termination pursuant to the terms of, or a
default under, any such lease, license, contract, property rights or agreement
(other than to the extent that any such term in the case of preceding clause
(i) or (ii) , as applicable) would be rendered ineffective pursuant to
Sections 9-406, 9-407, 9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision
or provisions) of any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law
(including the Bankruptcy Code) or principles of equity), provided, however,
that (x) the security interests hereunder, shall attach immediately to any
portion of such lease, license, contact, property rights or agreement that
does not result in any of the consequences specified in (i) or (ii) and (y) to
any property or assets described above in this clause (a) on the first date
upon which the circumstances described in preceding clauses (i) and/or (ii)
(as relevant) no longer exist with respect thereto, (b) any property or asset
of Starpower Communications, LLC for so long as the organizational documents
of such entity prohibits the granting of a security interest in such property
or asset; provided that a security interest shall attach immediately upon (and
the exclusion to this clause (b) shall no longer apply at any time after) the
consummation of the Starpower Acquisition, or (c) the equity interests of (x)
Megacable, S.A. de C.V., MCM Holdings, S.A. de C.V. and Megacable
Telecommunicaciones, S.A. de C.V. for so long as the organizational documents
of such entities prohibits the granting of a security interest in such equity
interests; provided that such security interest shall attach immediately when
such prohibition is no longer in effect or (y) more than 65% of the Voting
Equity Interests of any Foreign Corporation; provided that each Assignor shall
be required to pledge hereunder 100% of any Non-Voting Equity Interests at any
time and from time to time acquired by such Assignor of any Foreign
Corporation.

                  (b) The security interest of the First-Lien Collateral Agent
under this Agreement extends to all Collateral which any Assignor may acquire,
or with respect to which any Assignor may obtain rights, at any time during
the term of this Agreement.

                  (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the
relative rights and remedies of First-Lien Collateral Agent shall be subject
to and governed by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement at any time the
Intercreditor Agreement is in effect. In the event of any inconsistency
between the terms hereof and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor
Agreement shall control at any time the Intercreditor Agreement is in effect.

                  1.2 Power of Attorney. Each Assignor hereby constitutes and
appoints the First-Lien Collateral Agent its true and lawful attorney,
irrevocably, with full power after the occurrence of and during the
continuance of an Event of Default (in the name of such Assignor or otherwise)
to act, require, demand, receive, compound and give acquittance for any and
all moneys and claims for moneys due or to become due to such Assignor under
or arising out of the Collateral, to endorse any checks or other instruments
or orders in connection therewith and to file any claims or take any action or
institute any proceedings which the First-Lien Collateral Agent may deem to be
necessary or advisable to protect the interests of the Secured Creditors,
which appointment as attorney is coupled with an interest.

                                  ARTICLE II

               GENERAL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

Each Assignor represents, warrants and covenants, which representations,
warranties and covenants shall survive execution and delivery of this
Agreement, as follows:


                  2.1 Necessary Filings. All filings, registrations,
recordings and other actions necessary or appropriate to create, preserve and
perfect the security interest granted by such Assignor to the First-Lien
Collateral Agent hereby in respect of the Collateral have been accomplished
(or will be accomplished within 5 days after the Initial Borrowing Date or,
with respect to Marks, Patents and Copyrights, within 30 days of the date of
the Initial Borrowing Date) and the security interest granted to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement in and to the
Collateral creates a valid and, together with all such filings, registrations,
recordings and other actions, a perfected security interest therein prior to
the rights of all other Persons therein and subject to no other Liens (other
than Permitted Liens) and is entitled to all the rights, priorities and
benefits afforded by the Uniform Commercial Code or other relevant law as
enacted in any relevant jurisdiction to perfected security interests, in each
case to the extent that the Collateral consists of the type of property in
which a security interest may be perfected by possession or control (within
the meaning of the UCC as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New
York), by filing a financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code as
enacted in any relevant jurisdiction or by a filing of a Grant of Security
Interest in the respective form attached hereto in the United States Patent
and Trademark Office or in the United States Copyright Office. Each Assignor
hereby authorizes the First-Lien Collateral Agent to make duplicate filings as
if such Assignor is a Transmitting Utility, or alternatively, as if such
Assignor is a Person which is not a Transmitting Utility.

                  2.2 No Liens. Such Assignor is, and as to all Collateral
acquired by it from time to time after the date hereof such Assignor will be,
the owner of all Collateral free from any Lien, security interest, encumbrance
or other right, title or interest of any Person (other than Permitted Liens),
and such Assignor shall defend the Collateral against all claims and demands
of all Persons at any time claiming the same or any interest therein adverse
to the First-Lien Collateral Agent.

                  2.3 Other Financing Statements. As of the date hereof, there
is no financing statement (or similar statement or instrument of registration
under the law of any jurisdiction) covering or purporting to cover any
interest of any kind in the Collateral (other than financing statements filed
in respect of Permitted Liens), and so long as the Termination Date has not
occurred, such Assignor will not execute or authorize to be filed in any
public office any financing statement (or similar statement or instrument of
registration under the law of any jurisdiction) or statements relating to the
Collateral, except financing statements filed or to be filed in respect of and
covering the security interests granted hereby by such Assignor or in
connection with Permitted Liens.

                  2.4 Chief Executive Office, Record Locations. The chief
executive office of such Assignor is, on the date of this Agreement, located
at the address indicated on Annex A hereto for such Assignor. During the
period of the four calendar months preceding the date of this Agreement, the
chief executive office of such Assignor has not been located at any address
other than that indicated on Annex A in accordance with the immediately
preceding sentence, in each case unless each such other address is also
indicated on Annex A hereto for such Assignor.

                  2.5 Location of Inventory and Equipment. All Inventory and
Equipment held on the date hereof, or held at any time during the four
calendar months prior to the date hereof, by each Assignor is located at one
of the locations shown on Annex B hereto for such Assignor.

                  2.6 Legal Names; Type of Organization (and Whether a
Registered Organization); Jurisdiction of Organization; Location;
Organizational Identification Numbers; Changes Thereto; etc. The exact legal
name of each Assignor, the type of organization of such Assignor, whether or
not such Assignor is a Registered Organization, the jurisdiction of
organization of such Assignor, such Assignor's Location, the organizational
identification number (if any) of such Assignor is listed on Annex C hereto
for such Assignor. Such Assignor shall not change its legal name, its type of
organization, its status as a Registered Organization (in the case of a
Registered Organization), its jurisdiction of organization, its Location, or
its organizational identification number (if any) from that used on Annex C
hereto, except that any such changes shall be permitted (so long as not in
violation of the applicable requirements of the Secured Debt Agreements and so
long as same do not involve (x) a Registered Organization ceasing to
constitute same or (y) such Assignor changing its jurisdiction of organization
or Location from the United States or a State thereof to a jurisdiction of
organization or Location, as the case may be, outside the United States or a
State thereof) if (i) it shall have given to the First-Lien Collateral Agent
not less than 15 days' prior written notice of each change to the information
listed on Annex C (as adjusted for any subsequent changes thereto previously
made in accordance with this sentence), together with a supplement to Annex C
which shall correct all information contained therein for such Assignor, and
(ii) in connection with the respective such change or changes, it shall have
taken all action reasonably requested by the First-Lien Collateral Agent to
maintain the security interests of the First-Lien Collateral Agent in the
Collateral intended to be granted hereby at all times fully perfected and in
full force and effect. In addition, to the extent that such Assignor does not
have an organizational identification number on the date hereof and later
obtains one, such Assignor shall promptly thereafter notify the First-Lien
Collateral Agent of such organizational identification number and shall take
all actions reasonably satisfactory to the First-Lien Collateral Agent to the
extent necessary to maintain the security interest of the First-Lien
Collateral Agent in the Collateral intended to be granted hereby fully
perfected and in full force and effect.

                  2.7 Trade Names; Etc. Such Assignor has or operates in any
jurisdiction under, or in the preceding five years has had or has operated in
any jurisdiction under, no trade names, fictitious names or other names except
its legal name as specified in Annex C and such other trade or fictitious
names as are listed on Annex D hereto for such Assignor. Such Assignor shall
not assume or operate in any jurisdiction under any new trade, fictitious or
other name until (i) it shall have given to the First-Lien Collateral Agent
not less than 15 days' written notice of its intention so to do, clearly
describing such new name and the jurisdictions in which such new name will be
used and providing such other information in connection therewith as the
First-Lien Collateral Agent may reasonably request and (ii) with respect to
such new name, it shall have taken all action reasonably requested by the
First-Lien Collateral Agent to maintain the security interest of the
First-Lien Collateral Agent in the Collateral intended to be granted hereby at
all times fully perfected and in full force and effect.

                  2.8 Certain Significant Transactions. During the one year
period preceding the date of this Agreement, no Person shall have merged or
consolidated with or into any Assignor, and no Person shall have liquidated
into, or transferred all or substantially all of its assets to, any Assignor,
in each case except as described in Annex E hereto. With respect to any
transactions so described in Annex E hereto, the respective Assignor shall
have furnished such information with respect to the Person (and the assets of
the Person and locations thereof) which merged with or into or consolidated
with such Assignor, or was liquidated into or transferred all or substantially
all of its assets to such Assignor, and shall have furnished to the First-Lien
Collateral Agent such UCC lien searches as may have been requested with
respect to such Person and its assets, to establish that no security interest
(excluding Permitted Liens) continues perfected on the date hereof with
respect to any Person described above (or the assets transferred to the
respective Assignor by such Person), including without limitation pursuant to
Section 9-316(a)(3) of the UCC.

                  2.9 Non-UCC Property. At any time and from time to time,
promptly (and in any event within 15 days) following the request of the
First-Lien Collateral Agent or the Required Secured Creditors, the Assignors
shall provide the First-Lien Collateral Agent a reasonably detailed list
(which includes reasonable estimates of the fair market value (as determined
by the Assignors in good faith)) of all property owned by all of the Assignors
of the types described in clauses (1), (2) and (3) of Section 9-311(a) of the
UCC. At any time that the fair market value (as determined by the Borrower or
First-Lien Collateral Agent in good faith or as shown in any list delivered
pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence) of the property owned by all
of the Assignors of the types described in clauses (1), (2) and (3) of Section
9-311(a) of the UCC exceeds $2,000,000, the Assignors shall, but only upon the
written request of the Required Secured Creditors or the First-Lien Collateral
Agent, within 60 days of such request (or such longer period as the Required
Secured Creditors or the First-Lien Collateral Agent may agree to in writing)
take such actions (at their own cost and expense) as may be required under the
respective United States, State or other laws referenced in Section 9-311(a)
of the UCC to perfect the security interests granted herein in any Collateral
where the filing of a financing statement does not perfect the security
interest in such property in accordance with the provisions of Section
9-311(a) of the UCC.

                  2.10 As-Extracted Collateral; Timber-to-be-Cut. On the date
hereof, such Assignor does not own, or expect to acquire, any property which
constitutes, or would constitute, As-Extracted Collateral or Timber-to-be-Cut.
If at any time after the date of this Agreement such Assignor owns, acquires
or obtains rights to any As-Extracted Collateral or Timber-to-be-Cut, such
Assignor shall furnish the First-Lien Collateral Agent with prompt written
notice thereof (which notice shall describe in reasonable detail the
As-Extracted Collateral and/or Timber-to-be-Cut and the locations thereof) and
shall take all actions as may be deemed reasonably necessary or desirable by
the First-Lien Collateral Agent to perfect the security interest of the
First-Lien Collateral Agent therein.

                  2.11 Collateral in the Possession of a Bailee. If any
Inventory or other Goods are at any time in the possession of a bailee, such
Assignor shall promptly notify the First-Lien Collateral Agent thereof and, if
requested by the First-Lien Collateral Agent, shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to promptly obtain an acknowledgment from such bailee, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the First-Lien Collateral Agent,
that the bailee holds such Collateral for the benefit of the First-Lien
Collateral Agent and shall act upon the instructions of the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, without the further consent of such Assignor. The First-Lien
Collateral Agent agrees with such Assignor that the First-Lien Collateral
Agent shall not give any such instructions unless an Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing or would occur after taking into account any action
by the respective Assignor with respect to any such bailee.

                  2.12 Recourse. This Agreement is made with full recourse to
each Assignor and pursuant to and upon all the warranties, representations,
covenants and agreements on the part of such Assignor contained herein, in the
Secured Debt Agreements and otherwise in writing in connection herewith or
therewith.

                                 ARTICLE III

           SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING ACCOUNTS; CONTRACT RIGHTS;
           INSTRUMENTS; CHATTEL PAPER AND CERTAIN OTHER COLLATERAL

                  3.1 Additional Representations and Warranties. As of the
time when each of its Accounts arises, each Assignor shall be deemed to have
represented and warranted that each such Account, and all records, papers and
documents relating thereto (if any) are genuine and what they purport to be,
and that all papers and documents (if any) relating thereto (i) will, to the
knowledge of such Assignor, represent the genuine, legal, valid and binding
obligation of the account debtor evidencing indebtedness unpaid and owed by
the respective account debtor arising out of the performance of labor or
services or the sale or lease and delivery of the merchandise listed therein,
or both, (ii) will be the only original writings evidencing and embodying such
obligation of the account debtor named therein (other than copies created for
general accounting purposes), (iii) will, to the knowledge of such Assignor,
evidence true and valid obligations, enforceable in accordance with their
respective terms, and (iv) will be in compliance and will conform in all
material respects with all applicable federal, state and local laws and
applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction.

                  3.2 Maintenance of Records. Each Assignor will keep and
maintain at its own cost and expense accurate records of its Accounts and
Contracts, including, but not limited to, originals of all documentation
(including each Contract) with respect thereto, records of all payments
received, all credits granted thereon, all merchandise returned and all other
dealings therewith, and such Assignor will make the same available on such
Assignor's premises to the First-Lien Collateral Agent for inspection, at such
Assignor's own cost and expense, at any and all reasonable times upon prior
notice to such Assignor and otherwise in accordance with the Credit Agreement.
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and at
the request of the First-Lien Collateral Agent, such Assignor shall, at its
own cost and expense, deliver all tangible evidence of its Accounts and
Contract Rights (including, without limitation, all documents evidencing the
Accounts and all Contracts) and such books and records to the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or to its representatives (copies of which evidence and books
and records may be retained by such Assignor). Upon the occurrence and during
the continuance of an Event of Default and if the First-Lien Collateral Agent
so directs, such Assignor shall legend, in form and manner satisfactory to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent, the Accounts and the Contracts, as well as books,
records and documents (if any) of such Assignor evidencing or pertaining to
such Accounts and Contracts with an appropriate reference to the fact that
such Accounts and Contracts have been assigned to the First-Lien Collateral
Agent and that the First-Lien Collateral Agent has a security interest
therein.

                  3.3 Direction to Account Debtors; Contracting Parties; etc.
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, if the
First-Lien Collateral Agent so directs any Assignor, such Assignor agrees (x)
to cause all payments on account of the Accounts and Contracts to be made
directly to the Cash Collateral Account, (y) that the First-Lien Collateral
Agent may, at its option, directly notify the obligors with respect to any
Accounts and/or under any Contracts to make payments with respect thereto as
provided in the preceding clause (x), and (z) that the First-Lien Collateral
Agent may enforce collection of any such Accounts and Contracts and may
adjust, settle or compromise the amount of payment thereof, in the same manner
and to the same extent as such Assignor. Without notice to or assent by any
Assignor, the First-Lien Collateral Agent may, upon the occurrence and during
the continuance of an Event of Default, apply any or all amounts then in, or
thereafter deposited in, the Cash Collateral Account toward the payment of the
Obligations in the manner provided in Section 7.4 of this Agreement. The
reasonable costs and expenses of collection (including reasonable attorneys'
fees), whether incurred by an Assignor or the First-Lien Collateral Agent,
shall be borne by the relevant Assignor. The First-Lien Collateral Agent shall
deliver a copy of each notice referred to in the preceding clause (y) to the
relevant Assignor, provided that (x) the failure by the First-Lien Collateral
Agent to so notify such Assignor shall not affect the effectiveness of such
notice or the other rights of the First-Lien Collateral Agent created by this
Section 3.3 and (y) no such notice shall be required if an Event of Default of
the type described in Section 10.05 of the Credit Agreement has occurred and
is continuing.

                  3.4 Modification of Terms; etc. Except in accordance with
such Assignor's ordinary course of business and consistent with reasonable
business judgment or as permitted by Section 3.5, no Assignor shall rescind or
cancel any indebtedness evidenced by any Account or under any Contract, or
modify any material term thereof or make any material adjustment with respect
thereto, or extend or renew the same, or compromise or settle any material
dispute, claim, suit or legal proceeding relating thereto, or sell any Account
or Contract, or interest therein, without the prior written consent of the
First-Lien Collateral Agent. No Assignor will do anything to impair the rights
of the First-Lien Collateral Agent in the Accounts or Contracts.

                  3.5 Collection. Each Assignor shall endeavor in accordance
with reasonable business practices to cause to be collected from the account
debtor named in each of its Accounts or obligor under any Contract, as and
when due (including, without limitation, amounts which are delinquent, such
amounts to be collected in accordance with generally accepted lawful
collection procedures) any and all amounts owing under or on account of such
Account or Contract, and apply forthwith upon receipt thereof all such amounts
as are so collected to the outstanding balance of such Account or under such
Contract. Except as otherwise directed by the First-Lien Collateral Agent
after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, any
Assignor may allow in the ordinary course of business as adjustments to
amounts owing under its Accounts and Contracts (i) an extension or renewal of
the time or times of payment, or settlement for less than the total unpaid
balance, which such Assignor finds appropriate in accordance with reasonable
business judgment and (ii) a refund or credit due as a result of returned or
damaged merchandise or improperly performed services or for other reasons
which such Assignor finds appropriate in accordance with reasonable business
judgment. The reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys' fees) of collection, whether incurred by an Assignor or
the First-Lien Collateral Agent, shall be borne by the relevant Assignor.

                  3.6 Instruments. If any Assignor owns or acquires any
Instrument in excess of $100,000 constituting Collateral (other than checks
and other payment instruments received and collected in the ordinary course of
business), such Assignor will within 10 Business Days notify the First-Lien
Collateral Agent thereof, and upon request by the First-Lien Collateral Agent
will promptly deliver such Instrument to the First-Lien Collateral Agent
appropriately endorsed to the order of the First-Lien Collateral Agent.

                  3.7 Assignors Remain Liable Under Accounts. Anything herein
to the contrary notwithstanding, the Assignors shall remain liable under each
of the Accounts to observe and perform all of the conditions and obligations
to be observed and performed by it thereunder, all in accordance with the
terms of any agreement giving rise to such Accounts. Neither the First-Lien
Collateral Agent nor any other Secured Creditor shall have any obligation or
liability under any Account (or any agreement giving rise thereto) by reason
of or arising out of this Agreement or the receipt by the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or any other Secured Creditor of any payment relating to such
Account pursuant hereto, nor shall the First-Lien Collateral Agent or any
other Secured Creditor be obligated in any manner to perform any of the
obligations of any Assignor under or pursuant to any Account (or any agreement
giving rise thereto), to make any payment, to make any inquiry as to the
nature or the sufficiency of any payment received by them or as to the
sufficiency of any performance by any party under any Account (or any
agreement giving rise thereto), to present or file any claim, to take any
action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any amounts
which may have been assigned to them or to which they may be entitled at any
time or times.

                  3.8 Assignors Remain Liable Under Contracts. Anything herein
to the contrary notwithstanding, the Assignors shall remain liable under each
of the Contracts to observe and perform all of the conditions and obligations
to be observed and performed by them thereunder, all in accordance with and
pursuant to the terms and provisions of each Contract. Neither the First-Lien
Collateral Agent nor any other Secured Creditor shall have any obligation or
liability under any Contract by reason of or arising out of this Agreement or
the receipt by the First-Lien Collateral Agent or any other Secured Creditor
of any payment relating to such Contract pursuant hereto, nor shall the
First-Lien Collateral Agent or any other Secured Creditor be obligated in any
manner to perform any of the obligations of any Assignor under or pursuant to
any Contract, to make any payment, to make any inquiry as to the nature or the
sufficiency of any performance by any party under any Contract, to present or
file any claim, to take any action to enforce any performance or to collect
the payment of any amounts which may have been assigned to them or to which
they may be entitled at any time or times.

                  3.9 Deposit Accounts; Etc. (a) No Assignor maintains, or at
any time after the date of this Agreement shall establish or maintain, any
demand, time, savings, passbook or similar account, except for such accounts
maintained with a bank (as defined in Section 9-102 of the UCC) whose
jurisdiction (determined in accordance with Section 9-304 of the UCC) is
within a State of the United States. Annex F hereto accurately sets forth, as
of the date of this Agreement, for each Assignor, each Deposit Account
maintained by such Assignor (including a description thereof and the
respective account number), the name of the respective bank with which such
Deposit Account is maintained, and the jurisdiction of the respective bank
with respect to such Deposit Account. For each Deposit Account (other than the
Cash Collateral Account or any other Deposit Account maintained with the
First-Lien Collateral Agent), the respective Assignor shall cause the bank
with which the Deposit Account is maintained to execute and deliver to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent, within 45 days after the date of this Agreement
(as such date may be extended by the First-Lien Collateral Agent) or, if
later, at the time of the establishment of the respective Deposit Account, a
"control agreement" in the form of Annex G hereto (appropriately completed),
with such changes thereto as may be acceptable to the First-Lien Collateral
Agent. If any bank with which a Deposit Account is maintained refuses to, or
does not, enter into such a "control agreement", then the respective Assignor
shall promptly (and in any event within 45 days after the date of this
Agreement or, if later, 30 days after the establishment of such account) close
the respective Deposit Account and transfer all balances therein to the Cash
Collateral Account or another Deposit Account meeting the requirements of this
Section 3.9. If any bank with which a Deposit Account is maintained refuses to
subordinate all its claims, subject to customary exceptions, with respect to
such Deposit Account to the First-Lien Collateral Agent's security interest
therein on terms satisfactory to the First-Lien Collateral Agent, then the
First-Lien Collateral Agent, at its option, may (x) require that such Deposit
Account be terminated in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence or
(y) agree to a "control agreement" without such subordination, provided that
in such event the First-Lien Collateral Agent may at any time, at its option,
subsequently require that such Deposit Account be terminated (within 30 days
after notice from the First-Lien Collateral Agent) (as such date may be
extended by the First-Lien Collateral Agent) in accordance with the
requirements of the immediately preceding sentence.

                  (b) After the date of this Agreement, no Assignor shall
establish any new demand, time, savings, passbook or similar account, except
for Deposit Accounts established and maintained with banks and meeting the
requirements of preceding clause (a). At the time any such Deposit Account is
established, the appropriate "control agreement" shall be entered into in
accordance with the requirements of preceding clause (a) and the respective
Assignor shall furnish to the First-Lien Collateral Agent a supplement to
Annex F hereto containing the relevant information with respect to the
respective Deposit Account and the bank with which same is established.

                  3.10 Letter-of-Credit Rights. If any Assignor is at any time
a beneficiary under a letter of credit with a stated amount of $1,000,000 or
more, such Assignor shall promptly notify the First-Lien Collateral Agent
thereof and, at the request of the First-Lien Collateral Agent, such Assignor
shall, pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the First-Lien Collateral Agent, use its reasonable best efforts to (i)
arrange for the issuer and any confirmer of such letter of credit to consent
to an assignment to the First-Lien Collateral Agent of the proceeds of any
drawing under such letter of credit or (ii) arrange for the First-Lien
Collateral Agent to become the transferee beneficiary of such letter of
credit, with the First-Lien Collateral Agent agreeing, in each case, that the
proceeds of any drawing under the letter of credit are to be applied as
provided in this Agreement after the occurrence and during the continuance of
an Event of Default.

                  3.11 Commercial Tort Claims. All Commercial Tort Claims of
each Assignor in existence on the date of this Agreement are described in
Annex H hereto. If any Assignor shall at any time after the date of this
Agreement acquire a Commercial Tort Claim in an amount (taking the greater of
the aggregate claimed damages thereunder or the reasonably estimated value
thereof) of $1,000,000 or more, such Assignor shall promptly notify the
First-Lien Collateral Agent thereof in a writing signed by such Assignor and
describing the details thereof and shall grant to the First-Lien Collateral
Agent in such writing a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof,
all upon the terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the First-Lien Collateral Agent.

                  3.12 Chattel Paper. Upon the request of the First-Lien
Collateral Agent made at any time or from time to time, each Assignor shall
promptly furnish to the First-Lien Collateral Agent a list of all Electronic
Chattel Paper held or owned by such Assignor. Furthermore, if requested by the
First-Lien Collateral Agent, each Assignor shall promptly take all actions
which are reasonably practicable so that the First-Lien Collateral Agent has
"control" of all Electronic Chattel Paper in accordance with the requirements
of Section 9-105 of the UCC. Each Assignor will promptly (and in any event
within 10 days) following any request by the First-Lien Collateral Agent,
deliver all of its Tangible Chattel Paper to the First-Lien Collateral Agent.

                  3.13 Further Actions. Each Assignor will, at its own
expense, make, execute, endorse, acknowledge, file and/or deliver to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent from time to time such vouchers, invoices,
schedules, confirmatory assignments, conveyances, financing statements,
transfer endorsements, certificates, reports and other assurances or
instruments and take such further steps, including any and all actions as may
be necessary or required under the Federal Assignment of Claims Act, relating
to its Accounts, Contracts, Instruments and other property or rights covered
by the security interest hereby granted, as the First-Lien Collateral Agent
may reasonably require.

                                  ARTICLE IV

           SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING TRADEMARKS AND DOMAIN NAMES

                  4.1 Additional Representations and Warranties. Each Assignor
represents and warrants that it is the true and lawful owner of all right,
title and interest in and to the registered Marks and Domain Names listed in
Annex I hereto for such Assignor and that said listed Marks and Domain Names
include all United States marks and applications for United States marks owned
or purported to be owned by such Assignor registered in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office, as well as all Domain Names that such Assignor
owns or purports to own as of the date hereof. Each Assignor represents and
warrants that it owns, is licensed to use or otherwise has the right to use
any trademarks, service marks or other indicia of origin, including trade
dress, and any Internet domain names, that it uses. Each Assignor further
warrants that it has no knowledge of any third party claim received by it that
any aspect of such Assignor's present or contemplated business operations
infringes or will infringe any trademark, service mark or trade name of any
other Person other than as could not, either individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Assignor
represents and warrants that the registrations of Marks listed in Annex I
hereto are valid, subsisting, have not been canceled and that such Assignor is
not aware of any third-party claim that any of said registrations is invalid
or unenforceable, and is not aware that there is any reason that any of said
registrations is invalid or unenforceable, and is not aware that there is any
reason that any of said applications will not mature into registrations, other
than as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Assignor hereby grants to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent an absolute power of attorney to sign, upon the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, any document
which may be required by the United States Patent and Trademark Office or
similar registrar in order to effect an absolute assignment of all right,
title and interest in each Mark and/or Domain Name, and record the same.

                  4.2 Licenses and Assignments. Except as otherwise permitted
by the Secured Debt Agreements, each Assignor hereby agrees not to divest
itself of any right under any Mark or Domain Name absent prior written
approval of the First-Lien Collateral Agent.

                  4.3 Infringements. Each Assignor agrees, promptly upon
learning thereof, to notify the First-Lien Collateral Agent in writing of the
name and address of, and to furnish such pertinent information that may be
available with respect to, any party who such Assignor believes is, or is
likely to be, infringing or diluting or otherwise violating any of such
Assignor's rights in and to any Mark or Domain Name in any manner that could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or with respect to
any party claiming that such Assignor's use of any Mark or Domain Name
material to such Assignor's business violates in any material respect any
property right of that party. Each Assignor further agrees to prosecute
diligently in accordance with reasonable business practices any Person
infringing any Mark or Domain Name in any manner that could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  4.4 Preservation of Marks and Domain Names. Each Assignor
agrees to use its Marks and Domain Names which are material to such Assignor's
business in interstate commerce during the time in which this Agreement is in
effect and to take all such other actions as are reasonably necessary to
preserve such Marks as trademarks or service marks under the laws of the
United States (other than any such Marks which Assignor reasonably determines
are no longer used or useful in its business or operations).

                  4.5 Maintenance of Registration. Each Assignor shall, at its
own expense, diligently process all documents reasonably required to maintain
all Mark and/or Domain Name registrations, including but not limited to
affidavits of use and applications for renewals of registration in the United
States Patent and Trademark Office for all of its material registered Marks,
and shall pay all fees and disbursements in connection therewith and shall not
abandon any such filing of affidavit of use or any such application of renewal
prior to the exhaustion of all administrative and judicial remedies without
prior written consent of the First-Lien Collateral Agent (other than with
respect to registrations and applications deemed by such Assignor in its
reasonable business judgment to be no longer prudent to pursue).

                  4.6 Future Registered Marks and Domain Names. If any Mark
registration is issued hereafter to any Assignor as a result of any
application now or hereafter pending before the United States Patent and
Trademark Office or any Domain Name is registered by Assignor, within 60 days
of receipt of such certificate or similar indicia of ownership, such Assignor
shall deliver to the First-Lien Collateral Agent a copy of such registration
certificate or similar indicia of ownership, and a grant of a security
interest in such Mark and/or Domain Name, to the First-Lien Collateral Agent
and at the expense of such Assignor, confirming the grant of a security
interest in such Mark and/or Domain Name to the First-Lien Collateral Agent
hereunder, the form of such security to be substantially in the form of Annex
L hereto or in such other form as may be reasonably satisfactory to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent.

                  4.7 Remedies. If an Event of Default shall occur and be
continuing, the First-Lien Collateral Agent may, by written notice to the
relevant Assignor, take any or all of the following actions: (i) declare the
entire right, title and interest of such Assignor in and to each of the Marks
and Domain Names, together with all trademark rights and rights of protection
to the same, vested in the First-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors, in which event such rights, title and interest shall
immediately vest, in the First-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors, and the First-Lien Collateral Agent shall be entitled to
exercise the power of attorney referred to in Section 4.1 hereof to execute,
cause to be acknowledged and notarized and record said absolute assignment
with the applicable agency or registrar; (ii) take and use or sell the Marks
or Domain Names and the goodwill of such Assignor's business symbolized by the
Marks or Domain Names and the right to carry on the business and use the
assets of such Assignor in connection with which the Marks or Domain Names
have been used; and (iii) direct such Assignor to refrain, in which event such
Assignor shall refrain, from using the Marks or Domain Names in any manner
whatsoever, directly or indirectly, and such Assignor shall execute such
further documents that the First-Lien Collateral Agent may reasonably request
to further confirm this and to transfer ownership of the Marks or Domain Names
and registrations and any pending trademark applications in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office or applicable Domain Name registrar to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent.

                                  ARTICLE V

      SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND TRADE SECRETS

                  5.1 Additional Representations and Warranties. Each Assignor
represents and warrants that it is the true and lawful owner of all rights in
(i) the Trade Secret Rights, (ii) all right, title and interest in and to the
Patents listed in Annex J hereto for such Assignor and that said Patents
include all the United States patents and applications for United States
patents that such Assignor owns as of the date hereof and (iii) all right,
title and interest in and to the registered Copyrights listed in Annex K
hereto for such Assignor and that said Copyrights include all the United
States copyrights registered with the United States Copyright Office and
applications to United States copyrights that such Assignor owns as of the
date hereof. Each Assignor further warrants that it has no knowledge of any
third party claim that any aspect of such Assignor's present or contemplated
business operations infringes or will infringe any patent of any other Person
or such Assignor has misappropriated any trade secret or proprietary
information which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Assignor represents and
warrants that the Patents listed in Annex J hereto are valid, subsisting, have
not been canceled and that such Assignor is not aware of any third-party claim
that any of said Patents are invalid or unenforceable, and is not aware that
there is any reason that any of said Patents are invalid or unenforceable, and
is not aware that there is any reason that any of said Patent applications
will not mature into issued Patents. Each Assignor hereby grants to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent an absolute power of attorney to sign, upon the
occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, any document
which may be required by the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the
United States Copyright Office in order to effect an absolute assignment of
all right, title and interest in each Patent or Copyright, and to record the
same.

                  5.2 Licenses and Assignments. Except as otherwise permitted
by the Secured Debt Agreements, each Assignor hereby agrees not to divest
itself of any right under any Patent or Copyright absent prior written
approval of the First-Lien Collateral Agent.

                  5.3 Infringements. Each Assignor agrees, promptly upon
learning thereof, to furnish the First-Lien Collateral Agent in writing with
all pertinent information available to such Assignor with respect to any
infringement, contributing infringement or active inducement to infringe or
other violation of such Assignor's rights in any Patent or Copyright or to any
claim that the practice of any Patent or use of any Copyright violates any
property right of a third party, or with respect to any misappropriation of
any Trade Secret Right or any claim that practice of any Trade Secret Right
violates any property right of a third party, in each case, in any manner
which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Assignor further agrees, absent
direction of the First-Lien Collateral Agent to the contrary, to diligently
prosecute, in accordance with its reasonable business judgment, any Person
infringing any Patent or Copyright or any Person misappropriating any Trade
Secret Right, in each case to the extent that such infringement or
misappropriation, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  5.4 Maintenance of Patents or Copyrights. At its own
expense, each Assignor shall make timely payment of all post-issuance fees
required to maintain in force its rights under each Patent or Copyright,
absent prior written consent of the First-Lien Collateral Agent (other than
any such Patents or Copyrights which are no longer used or are deemed by such
Assignor in its reasonable business judgment to no longer be useful in its
business or operations).

                  5.5 Prosecution of Patent Applications. At its own expense,
each Assignor shall diligently prosecute all material applications for the
United States Patents listed in Annex J hereto, in each case for such Assignor
and shall not abandon any such application prior to exhaustion of all
administrative and judicial remedies (other than applications that are deemed
by such Assignor in its reasonable business judgment to no longer be necessary
in the conduct of the Assignor's business), absent written consent of the
First-Lien Collateral Agent.

                  5.6 Other Patents and Copyrights. Within 30 days of the
acquisition or issuance of a United States Patent, registration of a
Copyright, or acquisition of a registered Copyright, or of filing of an
application for a United States Patent or Copyright, the relevant Assignor
shall deliver to the First-Lien Collateral Agent a copy of said Copyright or
Patent, or certificate or registration of, or application therefor, as the
case may be, with a grant of a security interest as to such Patent or
Copyright, as the case may be, to the First-Lien Collateral Agent and at the
expense of such Assignor, confirming the grant of a security interest, the
form of such grant of a security interest to be substantially in the form of
Annex M or N hereto, as appropriate, or in such other form as may be
reasonably satisfactory to the First-Lien Collateral Agent.

                  5.7 Remedies. If an Event of Default shall occur and be
continuing, the First-Lien Collateral Agent may, by written notice to the
relevant Assignor, take any or all of the following actions: (i) declare the
entire right, title, and interest of such Assignor in each of the Patents and
Copyrights vested in the First-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors, in which event such right, title, and interest shall
immediately vest in the First-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors, in which case the First-Lien Collateral Agent shall be
entitled to exercise the power of attorney referred to in Section 5.1 hereof
to execute, cause to be acknowledged and notarized and to record said absolute
assignment with the applicable agency; (ii) take and practice or sell the
Patents and Copyrights; and (iii) direct such Assignor to refrain, in which
event such Assignor shall refrain, from practicing the Patents and using the
Copyrights directly or indirectly, and such Assignor shall execute such
further documents as the First-Lien Collateral Agent may reasonably request
further to confirm this and to transfer ownership of the Patents and
Copyrights to the First-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors.

                                  ARTICLE VI

                     PROVISIONS CONCERNING ALL COLLATERAL

                  6.1 Protection of First-Lien Collateral Agent's Security.
Except as otherwise permitted by the Secured Debt Agreements, each Assignor
will do nothing to impair the rights of the First-Lien Collateral Agent in the
Collateral. Each Assignor will at all times maintain insurance, at such
Assignor's own expense to the extent and in the manner provided in the Secured
Debt Agreements. Except to the extent otherwise permitted to be retained by
such Assignor or applied by such Assignor pursuant to the terms of the Secured
Debt Agreements, the First-Lien Collateral Agent shall, at the time any
proceeds of such insurance are distributed to the Secured Creditors, apply
such proceeds in accordance with Section 7.4 hereof. Each Assignor assumes all
liability and responsibility in connection with the Collateral acquired by it
and the liability of such Assignor to pay the Obligations shall in no way be
affected or diminished by reason of the fact that such Collateral may be lost,
destroyed, stolen, damaged or for any reason whatsoever unavailable to such
Assignor.

                  6.2 Warehouse Receipts Non-Negotiable. To the extent
practicable, each Assignor agrees that if any warehouse receipt or receipt in
the nature of a warehouse receipt is issued with respect to any of its
Inventory, such Assignor shall request that such warehouse receipt or receipt
in the nature thereof shall not be "negotiable" (as such term is used in
Section 7-104 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any relevant
jurisdiction or under other relevant law).

                  6.3 Additional Information. Each Assignor will, at its own
expense, from time to time upon the reasonable request of the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, promptly (and in any event within 10 days after its receipt
of the respective request) furnish to the First-Lien Collateral Agent such
information with respect to the Collateral (including the identity of the
Collateral or such components thereof as may have been requested by the
First-Lien Collateral Agent, the value and location of such Collateral, etc.)
as may be requested by the First-Lien Collateral Agent. Without limiting the
forgoing, each Assignor agrees that it shall promptly (and in any event within
10 days after its receipt of the respective request) furnish to the First-Lien
Collateral Agent such updated Annexes hereto as may from time to time be
reasonably requested by the First-Lien Collateral Agent.

                  6.4 Further Actions. Each Assignor will, at its own expense
and upon the reasonable request of the First-Lien Collateral Agent, make,
execute, endorse, acknowledge, file and/or deliver to the First-Lien
Collateral Agent from time to time such lists, descriptions and designations
of its Collateral, warehouse receipts, receipts in the nature of warehouse
receipts, bills of lading, documents of title, vouchers, invoices, schedules,
confirmatory assignments, conveyances, financing statements, transfer
endorsements, certificates, reports and other assurances or instruments and
take such further steps relating to the Collateral and other property or
rights covered by the security interest hereby granted, which the First-Lien
Collateral Agent deems reasonably appropriate or advisable to perfect,
preserve or protect its security interest in the Collateral.

                  6.5 Financing Statements. Each Assignor agrees to execute
and deliver to the First-Lien Collateral Agent such financing statements, in
form reasonably acceptable to the First-Lien Collateral Agent, as the
First-Lien Collateral Agent may from time to time reasonably request or as are
reasonably necessary or desirable in the opinion of the First-Lien Collateral
Agent to establish and maintain a valid, enforceable, perfected security
interest in the Collateral as provided herein and the other rights and
security contemplated hereby. Each Assignor will pay any applicable filing
fees, recordation taxes and related expenses relating to its Collateral. Each
Assignor hereby authorizes the First-Lien Collateral Agent to file any such
financing statements without the signature of such Assignor where permitted by
law (and such authorization includes describing the Collateral as "all assets"
of such Assignor).

                                 ARTICLE VII

                REMEDIES UPON OCCURRENCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT

                  7.1 Remedies; Obtaining the Collateral Upon Default. Each
Assignor agrees that, if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, then and in every such case, the First-Lien Collateral Agent, in
addition to any rights now or hereafter existing under applicable law and
under the other provisions of this Agreement, shall have all rights as a
secured creditor under any UCC, and such additional rights and remedies to
which a secured creditor is entitled under the laws in effect in all relevant
jurisdictions and may:

                  (i) personally, or by agents or attorneys, immediately take
     possession of the Collateral or any part thereof, from such Assignor or
     any other Person who then has possession of any part thereof with or
     without notice or process of law, and for that purpose may enter upon
     such Assignor's premises where any of the Collateral is located and
     remove the same and use in connection with such removal any and all
     services, supplies, aids and other facilities of such Assignor;

                  (ii) instruct the obligor or obligors on any agreement,
     instrument or other obligation (including, without limitation, the
     Accounts and the Contracts) constituting the Collateral to make any
     payment required by the terms of such agreement, instrument or other
     obligation directly to the First-Lien Collateral Agent and may exercise
     any and all remedies of such Assignor in respect of such Collateral;

                  (iii) instruct all banks which have entered into a control
     agreement with the First-Lien Collateral Agent to transfer all monies,
     securities and instruments held by such depositary bank to the Cash
     Collateral Account;

                  (iv) sell, assign or otherwise liquidate any or all of the
     Collateral or any part thereof in accordance with Section 7.2 hereof, or
     direct such Assignor to sell, assign or otherwise liquidate any or all of
     the Collateral or any part thereof, and, in each case, take possession of
     the proceeds of any such sale or liquidation;

                  (v) take possession of the Collateral or any part thereof,
     by directing such Assignor in writing to deliver the same to the
     First-Lien Collateral Agent at any reasonable place or places designated
     by the First-Lien Collateral Agent, in which event such Assignor shall at
     its own expense:

                                    (x) forthwith cause the same to be moved
                           to the place or places so designated by the
                           First-Lien Collateral Agent and there delivered to
                           the First-Lien Collateral Agent;

                                    (y) store and keep any Collateral so
                           delivered to the First-Lien Collateral Agent at
                           such place or places pending further action by the
                           First-Lien Collateral Agent as provided in Section
                           7.2 hereof; and

                                    (z) while the Collateral shall be so
                           stored and kept, provide such security and
                           maintenance services as shall be reasonably
                           necessary to protect the same and to preserve and
                           maintain it in good condition;

                  (vi) subject to any exclusive license issued prior to the
     Event of Default, license or sublicense, whether on an exclusive or
     nonexclusive basis, any Marks, Domain Names, Patents or Copyrights
     included in the Collateral for such term and on such conditions and in
     such manner as the First-Lien Collateral Agent shall in its sole judgment
     determine; provided in the case of Marks to the maintenance of quality
     standards, not less than comparable to the standards in place at the time
     of the Event of Default;

                  (vii) apply any monies constituting Collateral or proceeds
     thereof in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.4; and

                  (viii) take any other action as specified in clauses (1)
     through (5), inclusive, of Section 9-607 of the UCC;

it being understood that each Assignor's obligation so to deliver the
Collateral is of the essence of this Agreement and that, accordingly, upon
application to a court of equity having jurisdiction, the First-Lien
Collateral Agent shall be entitled to a decree requiring specific performance
by such Assignor of said obligation. By accepting the benefits of this
Agreement and each other Security Document, the Secured Creditors expressly
acknowledge and agree that this Agreement and each other Security Document may
be enforced only by the action of the First-Lien Collateral Agent acting upon
the instructions of the Required Secured Creditors and that no other Secured
Creditor shall have any right individually to seek to enforce or to enforce
this Agreement or to realize upon the security to be granted hereby, it being
understood and agreed that such rights and remedies may be exercised by the
First-Lien Collateral Agent or the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding Other Obligations, as the case may be, for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors upon the terms of this Agreement and the other Security
Documents. Furthermore, each Assignor agrees to upon the occurrence and
continuance of an Event of Default, use its commercially reasonable efforts to
assist the First-Lien Collateral Agent in obtaining any approvals or
assignments or licenses from any relevant Governmental Authority that may be
necessary for the exercise of the rights and remedies of the First-Lien
Collateral Agent with respect to the Collateral.

                  7.2 Remedies; Disposition of the Collateral. If any Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then any Collateral repossessed
by the First-Lien Collateral Agent under or pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof and
any other Collateral whether or not so repossessed by the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, may be sold, assigned, leased or otherwise disposed of under
one or more contracts or as an entirety, and without the necessity of
gathering at the place of sale the property to be sold, and in general in such
manner, at such time or times, at such place or places and on such terms as
the First-Lien Collateral Agent may, in compliance with any mandatory
requirements of applicable law, determine to be commercially reasonable. Any
of the Collateral may be sold, leased or otherwise disposed of, in the
condition in which the same existed when taken by the First-Lien Collateral
Agent or after any overhaul or repair at the expense of the relevant Assignor
which the First-Lien Collateral Agent shall determine to be commercially
reasonable. Any such sale, lease or other disposition may be effected by means
of a public disposition or private disposition, effected in accordance with
the applicable requirements (in each case if and to the extent applicable) of
Sections 9-610 through 9-613 of the UCC and/or such other mandatory
requirements of applicable law as may apply to the respective disposition. The
First-Lien Collateral Agent may, without notice or publication, adjourn any
public or private disposition or cause the same to be adjourned from time to
time by announcement at the time and place fixed for the disposition, and such
disposition may be made at any time or place to which the disposition may be
so adjourned. To the extent permitted by any such requirement of law, the
First-Lien Collateral Agent may bid for and become the purchaser (and may pay
all or any portion of the purchase price by crediting Obligations against the
purchase price) of the Collateral or any item thereof, offered for disposition
in accordance with this Section 7.2 without accountability to the relevant
Assignor. If, under applicable law, the First-Lien Collateral Agent shall be
permitted to make disposition of the Collateral within a period of time which
does not permit the giving of notice to the relevant Assignor as hereinabove
specified, the First-Lien Collateral Agent need give such Assignor only such
notice of disposition as shall be required by such applicable law. Each
Assignor agrees to do or cause to be done all such other acts and things as
may be reasonably necessary to make such disposition or dispositions of all or
any portion of the Collateral valid and binding and in compliance with any and
all applicable laws, regulations, orders, writs, injunctions, decrees or
awards of any and all courts, arbitrators or governmental instrumentalities,
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over any such sale or sales, all at
such Assignor's expense.

                  7.3 Waiver of Claims. Except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, EACH ASSIGNOR HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, NOTICE AND JUDICIAL HEARING IN CONNECTION WITH THE FIRST-LIEN COLLATERAL
AGENT'S TAKING POSSESSION OR THE FIRST-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT'S DISPOSITION OF
ANY OF THE COLLATERAL, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY AND ALL PRIOR NOTICE
AND HEARING FOR ANY PREJUDGMENT REMEDY OR REMEDIES, and each Assignor hereby
further waives, to the extent permitted by law:

                  (i) all damages occasioned by such taking of possession or
     any such disposition except any damages which are the direct result of
     the First-Lien Collateral Agent's gross negligence or willful misconduct
     (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and
     non-appealable decision);

                  (ii) all other requirements as to the time, place and terms
     of sale or other requirements with respect to the enforcement of the
     First-Lien Collateral Agent's rights hereunder; and

                  (iii) all rights of redemption, appraisement, valuation,
     stay, extension or moratorium now or hereafter in force under any
     applicable law in order to prevent or delay the enforcement of this
     Agreement or the absolute sale of the Collateral or any portion thereof,
     and each Assignor, for itself and all who may claim under it, insofar as
     it or they now or hereafter lawfully may, hereby waives the benefit of
     all such laws.

         Any sale of, or the grant of options to purchase, or any other
realization upon, any Collateral shall operate to divest all right, title,
interest, claim and demand, either at law or in equity, of the relevant
Assignor therein and thereto, and shall be a perpetual bar both at law and in
equity against such Assignor and against any and all Persons claiming or
attempting to claim the Collateral so sold, optioned or realized upon, or any
part thereof, from, through and under such Assignor.

                  7.4 Application of Proceeds. (a) All moneys collected by the
First-Lien Collateral Agent (or, to the extent the Pledge Agreement or any
other Security Document requires proceeds of collateral under such other
Security Document to be applied in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement, the Pledgee or First-Lien Collateral Agent under such other
Security Document) upon any sale or other disposition of the Collateral,
together with all other moneys received by the First-Lien Collateral Agent
hereunder, shall be applied as follows:

                  (i) first, to the payment of all amounts owing the
     First-Lien Collateral Agent of the type described in clauses (iii), (iv)
     and (v) of the definition of "Obligations";

                  (ii) second, to the extent proceeds remain after the
     application pursuant to the preceding clause (i), to the payment of all
     amounts owing to any Agent of the type described in clauses (v) and (vi)
     of the definition of "Obligations";

                  (iii) third, to the extent proceeds remain after the
     application pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) and (ii), an amount
     equal to the outstanding Primary Obligations shall be paid to the Secured
     Creditors as provided in Section 7.4(e) hereof, with each Secured
     Creditor receiving an amount equal to its outstanding Primary Obligations
     or, if the proceeds are insufficient to pay in full all such Primary
     Obligations, its Pro Rata Share of the amount remaining to be
     distributed;

                  (iv) fourth, to the extent proceeds remain after the
     application pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) through (iii),
     inclusive, an amount equal to the outstanding Secondary Obligations shall
     be paid to the Secured Creditors as provided in Section 7.4(e) hereof,
     with each Secured Creditor receiving an amount equal to its outstanding
     Secondary Obligations or, if the proceeds are insufficient to pay in full
     all such Secondary Obligations, its Pro Rata Share of the amount
     remaining to be distributed; and

                  (v) fifth, to the extent proceeds remain after the
     application pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) through (iv),
     inclusive, and following the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
     Section 10.8(a) hereof, to the relevant Assignor or to whomever may be
     lawfully entitled to receive such surplus.

                  (b) For purposes of this Agreement, (x) "Pro Rata Share"
shall mean, when calculating a Secured Creditor's portion of any distribution
or amount, that amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to a fraction the
numerator of which is the then unpaid amount of such Secured Creditor's
Primary Obligations or Secondary Obligations, as the case may be, and the
denominator of which is the then outstanding amount of all Primary Obligations
or Secondary Obligations, as the case may be, (y) "Primary Obligations" shall
mean (i) in the case of the Credit Document Obligations, all principal of,
premium, fees and interest on, all Loans, all Unpaid Drawings, the Stated
Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit and all Fees and (ii) in the case
of the Other Obligations, all amounts due under each Interest Rate Protection
Agreement and each Other Hedging Agreement with an Other Creditor (other than
indemnities, fees (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees) and similar
obligations and liabilities) and (z) "Secondary Obligations" shall mean all
Obligations other than Primary Obligations.

                  (c) When payments to Secured Creditors are based upon their
respective Pro Rata Shares, the amounts received by such Secured Creditors
hereunder shall be applied (for purposes of making determinations under this
Section 7.4 only) (i) first, to their Primary Obligations and (ii) second, to
their Secondary Obligations. If any payment to any Secured Creditor of its Pro
Rata Share of any distribution would result in overpayment to such Secured
Creditor, such excess amount shall instead be distributed in respect of the
unpaid Primary Obligations or Secondary Obligations, as the case may be, of
the other Secured Creditors, with each Secured Creditor whose Primary
Obligations or Secondary Obligations, as the case may be, have not been paid
in full to receive an amount equal to such excess amount multiplied by a
fraction the numerator of which is the unpaid Primary Obligations or Secondary
Obligations, as the case may be, of such Secured Creditor and the denominator
of which is the unpaid Primary Obligations or Secondary Obligations, as the
case may be, of all Secured Creditors entitled to such distribution.

                  (d) Each of the Secured Creditors, by their acceptance of
the benefits hereof and of the other Security Documents, agrees and
acknowledges that if the Lender Creditors receive a distribution on account of
undrawn amounts with respect to Letters of Credit issued under the Credit
Agreement (which shall only occur after all outstanding Revolving Loans under
the Credit Agreement and Unpaid Drawings have been paid in full), such amounts
shall be paid to the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement and held
by it, for the equal and ratable benefit of the Lender Creditors, as cash
security for the repayment of Obligations owing to the Lender Creditors as
such. If any amounts are held as cash security pursuant to the immediately
preceding sentence, then upon the termination of all outstanding Letters of
Credit under the Credit Agreement, and after the application of all such cash
security to the repayment of all Obligations owing to the Lender Creditors
after giving effect to the termination of all such Letters of Credit, if there
remains any excess cash, such excess cash shall be returned by the
Administrative Agent to the First-Lien Collateral Agent for distribution in
accordance with Section 7.4(a) hereof.

                  (e) All payments required to be made hereunder shall be made
(x) if to the Lender Creditors, to the Administrative Agent for the account of
the Lender Creditors and (y) if to the Other Creditors, to the trustee, paying
agent or other similar representative (each, a "Representative") for the Other
Creditors or, in the absence of such a Representative, directly to the Other
Creditors.

                  (f) For purposes of applying payments received in accordance
with this Section 7.4, the First-Lien Collateral Agent shall be entitled to
rely upon (i) the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Representative or, in the
absence of such a Representative, upon the Other Creditors for a determination
(which the Administrative Agent, each Representative and the Other Creditors
agree (or shall agree) to provide upon request of the First-Lien Collateral
Agent) of the outstanding Primary Obligations and Secondary Obligations owed
to the Lender Creditors or the Other Creditors, as the case may be. Unless it
has received written notice from a Lender Creditor or an Other Creditor to the
contrary, the Administrative Agent and each Representative, in furnishing
information pursuant to the preceding sentence, and the First-Lien Collateral
Agent, in acting hereunder, shall be entitled to assume that no Secondary
Obligations are outstanding. Unless it has written notice from an Other
Creditor to the contrary, the First-Lien Collateral Agent, in acting
hereunder, shall be entitled to assume that no Interest Rate Protection
Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements are in existence.

                  (g) It is understood that the Assignors shall remain jointly
and severally liable to the extent of any deficiency between the amount of the
proceeds of the Collateral and the aggregate amount of the Obligations.

                  7.5 Remedies Cumulative. Each and every right, power and
remedy hereby specifically given to the First-Lien Collateral Agent shall be
in addition to every other right, power and remedy specifically given to the
First-Lien Collateral Agent under this Agreement, the other Secured Debt
Agreements or now or hereafter existing at law, in equity or by statute and
each and every right, power and remedy whether specifically herein given or
otherwise existing may be exercised from time to time or simultaneously and as
often and in such order as may be deemed expedient by the First-Lien
Collateral Agent. All such rights, powers and remedies shall be cumulative and
the exercise or the beginning of the exercise of one shall not be deemed a
waiver of the right to exercise any other or others. No delay or omission of
the First-Lien Collateral Agent in the exercise of any such right, power or
remedy and no renewal or extension of any of the Obligations shall impair any
such right, power or remedy or shall be construed to be a waiver of any
Default or Event of Default or an acquiescence thereof. No notice to or demand
on any Assignor in any case shall entitle it to any other or further notice or
demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of any of the
rights of the First-Lien Collateral Agent to any other or further action in
any circumstances without notice or demand. In the event that the First-Lien
Collateral Agent shall bring any suit to enforce any of its rights hereunder
and shall be entitled to judgment, then in such suit the First-Lien Collateral
Agent may recover reasonable expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
and the amounts thereof shall be included in such judgment.

                  7.6 Discontinuance of Proceedings. In case the First-Lien
Collateral Agent shall have instituted any proceeding to enforce any right,
power or remedy under this Agreement by foreclosure, sale, entry or otherwise,
and such proceeding shall have been discontinued or abandoned for any reason
or shall have been determined adversely to the First-Lien Collateral Agent,
then and in every such case the relevant Assignor, the First-Lien Collateral
Agent and each holder of any of the Obligations shall be restored to their
former positions and rights hereunder with respect to the Collateral subject
to the security interest created under this Agreement, and all rights,
remedies and powers of the First-Lien Collateral Agent shall continue as if no
such proceeding had been instituted.

                                 ARTICLE VIII

                                   INDEMNITY

                  8.1 Indemnity. (a) Each Assignor jointly and severally
agrees to indemnify, reimburse and hold the First-Lien Collateral Agent, each
other Secured Creditor and their respective successors, assigns, employees,
affiliates and agents (hereinafter in this Section 8.1 referred to
individually as "Indemnitee," and collectively as "Indemnitees") harmless from
any and all liabilities, obligations, damages, injuries, penalties, claims,
demands, actions, suits, judgments and any and all costs, expenses or
disbursements (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) (for the
purposes of this Section 8.1 the foregoing are collectively called "expenses")
of whatsoever kind and nature imposed on, asserted against or incurred by any
of the Indemnitees in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement,
any other Secured Debt Agreement or any other document executed in connection
herewith or therewith or in any other way connected with the administration of
the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the enforcement of any of
the terms of, or the preservation of any rights under any thereof, or in any
way relating to or arising out of the manufacture, ownership, ordering,
purchase, delivery, control, acceptance, lease, financing, possession,
operation, condition, sale, return or other disposition, or use of the
Collateral (including, without limitation, latent or other defects, whether or
not discoverable), the violation of the laws of any country, state or other
governmental body or unit, any tort (including, without limitation, claims
arising or imposed under the doctrine of strict liability, or for or on
account of injury to or the death of any Person (including any Indemnitee), or
property damage), or contract claim; provided that no Indemnitee shall be
indemnified pursuant to this Section 8.1(a) for losses, damages or liabilities
to the extent caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such
Indemnitee (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and
non-appealable decision). Each Assignor agrees that upon written notice by any
Indemnitee of the assertion of such a liability, obligation, damage, injury,
penalty, claim, demand, action, suit or judgment, the relevant Assignor shall
assume full responsibility for the defense thereof. Each Indemnitee agrees to
use its best efforts to promptly notify the relevant Assignor of any such
assertion of which such Indemnitee has knowledge.

                  (b) Without limiting the application of Section 8.1(a)
hereof, each Assignor agrees, jointly and severally, to pay or reimburse the
First-Lien Collateral Agent for any and all reasonable fees, costs and
expenses of whatever kind or nature incurred in connection with the creation,
preservation or protection of the First-Lien Collateral Agent's Liens on, and
security interest in, the Collateral, including, without limitation, all fees
and taxes in connection with the recording or filing of instruments and
documents in public offices, payment or discharge of any taxes or Liens upon
or in respect of the Collateral, premiums for insurance with respect to the
Collateral and all other fees, costs and expenses in connection with
protecting, maintaining or preserving the Collateral and the First-Lien
Collateral Agent's interest therein, whether through judicial proceedings or
otherwise, or in defending or prosecuting any actions, suits or proceedings
arising out of or relating to the Collateral.

                  (c) Without limiting the application of Section 8.1(a) or
(b) hereof, each Assignor agrees, jointly and severally, to pay, indemnify and
hold each Indemnitee harmless from and against any loss, costs, damages and
expenses which such Indemnitee may suffer, expend or incur in consequence of
or growing out of any misrepresentation by any Assignor in this Agreement, any
other Secured Debt Agreement or in any writing contemplated by or made or
delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other
Secured Debt Agreement.

                  (d) If and to the extent that the obligations of any
Assignor under this Section 8.1 are unenforceable for any reason, such
Assignor hereby agrees to make the maximum contribution to the payment and
satisfaction of such obligations which is permissible under applicable law.

                  8.2 Indemnity Obligations Secured by Collateral; Survival.
Any amounts paid by any Indemnitee as to which such Indemnitee has the right
to reimbursement shall constitute Obligations secured by the Collateral. The
indemnity obligations of each Assignor contained in this Article VIII shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding the full payment of all of
the other Obligations and notwithstanding the full payment of all the Notes
issued, and Loans made, under the Credit Agreement, the termination of all
Letters of Credit issued under the Credit Agreement, the termination of all
Interest Rate Protection Agreements and Other Hedging Agreements entered into
with the Other Creditors and the payment of all other Obligations and
notwithstanding the discharge thereof and the occurrence of the Termination
Date.


                                  ARTICLE IX

                                  DEFINITIONS

                  The following terms shall have the meanings herein
specified. Such definitions shall be equally applicable to the singular and
plural forms of the terms defined.

                  "Account" shall mean any "account" as such term is defined
in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of
New York, and in any event shall include but shall not be limited to, all
rights to payment of any monetary obligation, whether or not earned by
performance, (i) for property that has been or is to be sold, leased,
licensed, assigned or otherwise disposed of, (ii) for services rendered or to
be rendered, (iii) for a policy of insurance issued or to be issued, (iv) for
a secondary obligation incurred or to be incurred, (v) for energy provided or
to be provided, (vi) for the use or hire of a vessel under a charter or other
contract, (vii) arising out of the use of a credit or charge card or
information contained on or for use with the card, or (viii) as winnings in a
lottery or other game of chance operated or sponsored by a State, governmental
unit of a State, or person licensed or authorized to operate the game by a
State or governmental unit of a State. Without limiting the foregoing, the
term "account" shall include all Health-Care-Insurance Receivables.

                  "Administrative Agent" shall have the meaning provided in
the recitals of this Agreement.

                  "Agreement" shall mean this Security Agreement as the same
may be amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time in
accordance with its terms.

                  "As-Extracted Collateral" shall mean "as-extracted
collateral" as such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in
effect on the date hereof in the State of New York.

                  "Assignor" shall have the meaning provided in the first
paragraph of this Agreement.

                  "Borrower" shall have the meaning provided in the recitals
of this Agreement.

                  "Cash Collateral Account" shall mean a non-interest bearing
cash collateral account maintained with, and in the sole dominion and control
of, the First-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors.

                  "Chattel Paper" shall mean "chattel paper" as such term is
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the
State of New York. Without limiting the foregoing, the term "Chattel Paper"
shall in any event include all Tangible Chattel Paper and all Electronic
Chattel Paper.

                  "Class" shall have the meaning provided in Section 10.2 of
this Agreement.

                  "Collateral" shall have the meaning provided in Section
1.1(a) of this Agreement.

                  "Commercial Tort Claims" shall mean "commercial tort claims"
as such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the
date hereof in the State of New York.

                  "Contract Rights" shall mean all rights of any Assignor
under each Contract, including, without limitation, (i) any and all rights to
receive and demand payments under any or all Contracts, (ii) any and all
rights to receive and compel performance under any or all Contracts and (iii)
any and all other rights, interests and claims now existing or in the future
arising in connection with any or all Contracts.

                  "Contracts" shall mean all contracts between any Assignor
and one or more additional parties (including, without limitation, any
Interest Rate Protection Agreements, Other Hedging Agreements, licensing
agreements and any partnership agreements, joint venture agreements and
limited liability company agreements).

                  "Copyrights" shall mean any United States or foreign
copyright now or hereafter owned by any Assignor, including any registrations
of any copyrights in the United States Copyright Office or any foreign
equivalent office, as well as any application for a copyright registration now
or hereafter made with the United States Copyright Office or any foreign
equivalent office by any Assignor.

                  "Credit Agreement" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals of this Agreement.

                  "Credit Document Obligations" shall have the meaning
provided in the definition of "Obligations" in this Article IX.

                  "Deposit Accounts" shall mean all "deposit accounts" as such
term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof
in the State of New York.

                  "Documents" shall mean "documents" as such term is defined
in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of
New York.

                  "Domain Names" shall mean all Internet domain names and
associated URL addresses in or to which any Assignor now or hereafter has any
right, title or interest.

                  "Electronic Chattel Paper" shall mean "electronic chattel
paper" as such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on
the date hereof in the State of New York.

                  "Equipment" shall mean any "equipment" as such term is
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the
State of New York, and in any event, shall include, but shall not be limited
to, all machinery, equipment, furnishings, fixtures and vehicles now or
hereafter owned by any Assignor and any and all additions, substitutions and
replacements of any of the foregoing and all accessions thereto, wherever
located, together with all attachments, components, parts, equipment and
accessories installed thereon or affixed thereto.

                  "Event of Default" shall mean any Event of Default under,
and as defined in, the Credit Agreement and shall in any event include,
without limitation, any payment default on any of the Obligations after the
expiration of any applicable grace period.

                  "First-Lien Collateral Agent" shall have the meaning
provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

                  "General Intangibles" shall mean "general intangibles" as
such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date
hereof in the State of New York.

                  "Goods" shall mean "goods" as such term is defined in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New
York.

                  "Health-Care-Insurance Receivable" shall mean any
"health-care-insurance receivable" as such term is defined in the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New York.

                  "Indemnitee" shall have the meaning provided in Section
8.1(a) of this Agreement.

                  "Instrument" shall mean "instruments" as such term is
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the
State of New York.

                  "Inventory" shall mean merchandise, inventory and goods, and
all additions, substitutions and replacements thereof and all accessions
thereto, wherever located, together with all goods, supplies, incidentals,
packaging materials, labels, materials and any other items used or to be used
in manufacturing, processing, packaging or shipping same, in all stages of
production from raw materials through work in process to finished goods, and
all products and proceeds of whatever sort and wherever located any portion
thereof which may be returned, rejected, reclaimed or repossessed by the
First-Lien Collateral Agent from any Assignor's customers, and shall
specifically include all "inventory" as such term is defined in the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New York.

                  "Investment Property" shall mean "investment property" as
such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date
hereof in the State of New York.

                  "Lender Creditors" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals of this Agreement.

                  "Lenders" shall have the meaning provided in the recitals of
this Agreement.

                  "Letter-of-Credit Rights" shall mean "letter-of-credit
rights" as such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on
the date hereof in the State of New York.

                  "Location" of any Assignor, shall mean such Assignor's
"location" as determined pursuant to Section 9-307 of the UCC.

                  "Marks" shall mean all right, title and interest in and to
any trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, logos, fictitious
business names, and other business identifiers, including the goodwill of the
business of such Assignor associated with each of the foregoing, now held or
hereafter acquired by any Assignor, the right to sue for past or future
infringement thereof and including any registration or application for
registration or renewals thereof of any trademarks and service marks now held
or hereafter acquired by any Assignor, which are registered or filed in the
United States Patent and Trademark Office or the equivalent thereof in any
state of the United States or any equivalent foreign office or agency.

                  "Material Adverse Effect" shall mean a material adverse
effect on the business, property, assets, liabilities (actual or contingent),
operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

                  "Maximum Hedging Obligations Notional Amount" shall mean an
aggregate notional amount equal to $325 million.

                  "Obligations" shall mean and include, as to any Assignor,
all of the following:

                  (i) the full and prompt payment when due (whether at stated
         maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all obligations,
         liabilities and indebtedness (including, without limitation,
         principal, premium, interest (including, without limitation, all
         interest that accrues after the commencement of any case, proceeding
         or other action relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency,
         reorganization or similar proceeding of any Assignor at the rate
         provided for in the respective documentation, whether or not a claim
         for post-petition interest is allowed in any such proceeding),
         reimbursement obligations under Letters of Credit, fees, costs and
         indemnities) of such Assignor to the Lender Creditors, whether now
         existing or hereafter incurred under, arising out of, or in
         connection with, the Credit Agreement and the other Credit Documents
         to which such Assignor is a party (including, without limitation, in
         the event such Assignor is a Guarantor, all such obligations,
         liabilities and indebtedness of such Assignor under its Guaranty) and
         the due performance and compliance by such Assignor with all of the
         terms, conditions and agreements contained in the Credit Agreement
         and in such other Credit Documents (all such obligations, liabilities
         and indebtedness under this clause (i), except to the extent
         consisting of obligations or indebtedness with respect to Interest
         Rate Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements, being herein
         collectively called the "Credit Document Obligations");

                  (ii) the full and prompt payment when due (whether at stated
         maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all obligations,
         liabilities and indebtedness (including, without limitation, all
         interest that accrues after the commencement of any case, proceeding
         or other action relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency,
         reorganization or similar proceeding of any Assignor at the rate
         provided for in the respective documentation, whether or not a claim
         for post-petition interest is allowed in any such proceeding) owing
         by such Assignor to the Other Creditors, now existing or hereafter
         incurred under, arising out of or in connection with any Interest
         Rate Protection Agreement or Other Hedging Agreement, whether such
         Interest Rate Protection Agreement or Other Hedging Agreement is now
         in existence or hereinafter arising (including, without limitation,
         in the case of a Assignor that is a Guarantor, all obligations,
         liabilities and indebtedness of such Assignor under its Guaranty in
         respect of the Interest Rate Protection Agreements and Other Hedging
         Agreements), and the due performance and compliance by such Assignor
         with all of the terms, conditions and agreements contained in each
         such Interest Rate Protection Agreement and Other Hedging Agreement
         (all such obligations, liabilities and indebtedness under this clause
         (ii) being herein collectively called the "Other Obligations");
         provided that if the aggregate notional amount of all then
         outstanding Interest Rate Protection Agreements and Other Hedging
         Agreements would exceed the Maximum Hedging Obligations Notional
         Amount, then amounts owing with respect to such excess shall not
         constitute Other Obligations hereunder; provided further that, if at
         the time of the entering into of any Interest Rate Protection
         Agreement or Other Hedging Agreement the respective Other Creditors
         obtained an officer's certificate of the Borrower or a representation
         by the Borrower that the aggregate notional amount thereof when added
         to the aggregate notional amount of all other then outstanding
         Interest Rate Protection Agreements and Other Hedging Agreements
         which constitute Other Obligations hereunder, shall not or would not
         exceed the Maximum Hedging Obligations Notional Amount, then such
         Interest Rate Protection Agreement or Other Hedging Agreement, as the
         case may be, (and all obligations thereunder as described above)
         shall constitute Other Obligations for all purposes hereof
         notwithstanding the fact that the Maximum Hedging Obligations
         Notional Amount has actually been exceeded;

                  (iii) any and all sums advanced by the First-Lien Collateral
         Agent in order to preserve the Collateral or preserve its security
         interest in the Collateral;

                  (iv) in the event of any proceeding for the collection or
         enforcement of any indebtedness, obligations, or liabilities of such
         Assignor referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, after an Event of
         Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the reasonable
         expenses of retaking, holding, preparing for sale or lease, selling
         or otherwise disposing of or realizing on the Collateral, or of any
         exercise by the First-Lien Collateral Agent of its rights hereunder,
         together with reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs;

                  (v) all amounts paid by any Indemnitee as to which such
         Indemnitee has the right to reimbursement under Section 8.1 of this
         Agreement; and

                  (vi) all amounts owing to any Agent pursuant to any of the
         Credit Documents in its capacity as such;

it being acknowledged and agreed that the "Obligations" shall include
extensions of credit of the types described above, whether outstanding on the
date of this Agreement or extended from time to time after the date of this
Agreement.

                  "Other Creditors" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals of this Agreement.

                  "Other Obligations" shall have the meaning provided in the
definition of "Obligations" in this Article IX.

                  "Patents" shall mean any patent in or to which any Assignor
now or hereafter has any right, title or interest therein, and any divisions,
continuations (including, but not limited to, continuations-in-parts) and
improvements thereof, including the right to sue for any past or future
infringement thereof, as well as any application for a patent now or hereafter
made by any Assignor.

                  "Permits" shall mean, to the extent permitted to be assigned
by the terms thereof or by applicable law, all licenses, permits, rights,
orders, variances, franchises or authorizations of or from any governmental
authority or agency.

                  "Primary Obligations" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 7.4(b) of this Agreement.

                  "Pro Rata Share" shall have the meaning provided in Section
7.4(b) of this Agreement.

                  "Proceeds" shall mean all "proceeds" as such term is defined
in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York on the
date hereof and, in any event, shall also include, but not be limited to, (i)
any and all proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable
to the First-Lien Collateral Agent or any Assignor from time to time with
respect to any of the Collateral, (ii) any and all payments (in any form
whatsoever) made or due and payable to any Assignor from time to time in
connection with any requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or
forfeiture of all or any part of the Collateral by any governmental authority
(or any person acting under color of governmental authority) and (iii) any and
all other amounts from time to time paid or payable under or in connection
with any of the Collateral.

                  "Registered Organization" shall have the meaning provided in
the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York.

                  "Representative" shall have the meaning provided in Section
7.4(e) of this Agreement.

                  "Required Secured Creditors" shall mean (i) at any time when
any Credit Document Obligations are outstanding or any Commitments under the
Credit Agreement exist, the Required Lenders (or, to the extent provided in
Section 13.12 of the Credit Agreement, each of the Lenders) and (ii) at any
time after all of the Credit Document Obligations have been paid in full and
all Commitments under the Credit Agreement have been terminated and no further
Commitments may be provided thereunder, the holders of a majority of the Other
Obligations.

                  "Requisite Creditors" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 10.2 of this Agreement.

                  "Secondary Obligations" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 7.4(b) of this Agreement.

                  "Secured Creditors" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals of this Agreement.

                  "Secured Debt Agreements" shall mean and include this
Agreement, the other Credit Documents and the Interest Rate Protection
Agreements and Other Hedging Agreements entered into with an Other Creditor.

                  "Software" shall mean "software" as such term is defined in
the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of
New York.

                  "Supporting Obligations" shall mean any "supporting
obligation" as such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in
effect on the date hereof in the State of New York, now or hereafter owned by
any Assignor, or in which any Assignor has any rights, and, in any event,
shall include, but shall not be limited to all of such Assignor's rights in
any Letter-of-Credit Right or secondary obligation that supports the payment
or performance of, and all security for, any Account, Chattel Paper, Document,
General Intangible, Instrument or Investment Property.

                  "Tangible Chattel Paper" shall mean "tangible chattel paper"
as such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the
date hereof in the State of New York.

                  "Termination Date" shall have the meaning provided in
Section 10.8(a) of this Agreement.

                  "Timber-to-be-Cut" shall mean "timber-to-be-cut" as such
term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof
in the State of New York.

                  "Trade Secrets" shall mean any secretly held existing
engineering or other data, information, production procedures and other
know-how relating to the design manufacture, assembly, installation, use,
operation, marketing, sale and/or servicing of any products or business of an
Assignor worldwide whether written or not.

                  "Trade Secret Rights" shall mean the rights of an Assignor
in any Trade Secret it holds.

                  "Transmitting Utility" shall have the meaning given such
term in Section 9-102(a)(80) of the UCC.

                  "UCC" shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect
from time to time in the relevant jurisdiction.

                                  ARTICLE X

                                 MISCELLANEOUS

                  10.1 Notices. Except as otherwise specified herein, all
notices, requests, demands or other communications to or upon the respective
parties hereto shall be sent or delivered by mail, telegraph, telex, telecopy,
cable or courier service and all such notices and communications shall, when
mailed, telegraphed, telexed, telecopied, or cabled or sent by courier, be
effective when deposited in the mails, delivered to the telegraph company,
cable company or overnight courier, as the case may be, or sent by telex or
telecopier, except that notices and communications to the First-Lien
Collateral Agent or any Assignor shall not be effective until received by the
First-Lien Collateral Agent or such Assignor, as the case may be. All notices
and other communications shall be in writing and addressed as follows:

                  (a) if to any Assignor, c/o:

                           c/o RCN Corporation
                           105 Carnegie Center
                           Princeton, New Jersey 08540
                           Attention:  General Counsel
                           Telephone No.:  (609) 734-3811
                           Telecopier No.: (609) 734-3830

                  (b) if to the First-Lien Collateral Agent, at:

                           60 Wall Street
                           New York, New York 10005
                           Attention:  Alexander Richarz
                           Telephone No.:  (212) 250-6142
                           Telecopier No.: (212) 797-5692

                  (c) if to any Lender Creditor (other than the First-Lien
         Collateral Agent), at such address as such Lender Creditor shall have
         specified in the Credit Agreement;

                  (d) if to any Other Creditor, at such address as such Other
         Creditor shall have specified in writing to each Assignor and the
         First-Lien Collateral Agent;

or at such other address or addressed to such other individual as shall have
been furnished in writing by any Person described above to the party required
to give notice hereunder.

                  10.2 Waiver; Amendment. Except as provided in Sections 10.8
and 10.12, none of the terms and conditions of this Agreement may be changed,
waived, modified or varied in any manner whatsoever unless in writing duly
signed by each Assignor directly affected thereby (it being understood that
the addition or release of any Assignor hereunder shall not constitute a
change, waiver, discharge or termination affecting any Assignor other than the
Assignor so added or released) and the First-Lien Collateral Agent (with the
written consent of the Required Secured Creditors); provided, however, that
any change, waiver, modification or variance affecting the rights and benefits
of a single Class of Secured Creditors (and not all Secured Creditors in a
like or similar manner) also shall require the written consent of the
Requisite Creditors of such affected Class. For the purpose of this Agreement,
the term "Class" shall mean each class of Secured Creditors, i.e., whether (x)
the Lender Creditors as holders of the Credit Document Obligations or (y) the
Other Creditors as the holders of the Other Obligations. For the purpose of
this Agreement, the term "Requisite Creditors" of any Class shall mean each of
(x) with respect to the Credit Document Obligations, the Required Lenders (or,
to the extent provided in Section 13.12 of the Credit Agreement, each of the
Lenders), and (y) with respect to the Other Obligations, the holders of at
least a majority of all Other Obligations outstanding from time to time.

                  10.3 Obligations Absolute. The obligations of each Assignor
hereunder shall remain in full force and effect without regard to, and shall
not be impaired by, (a) any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
arrangement, readjustment, composition, liquidation or the like of such
Assignor; (b) any exercise or non-exercise, or any waiver of, any right,
remedy, power or privilege under or in respect of this Agreement or any other
Secured Debt Agreement; or (c) any amendment to or modification of any Secured
Debt Agreement or any security for any of the Obligations; whether or not such
Assignor shall have notice or knowledge of any of the foregoing.

                  10.4 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall create a
continuing security interest in the Collateral and shall (i) remain in full
force and effect, subject to release and/or termination as set forth in
Section 10.8, (ii) be binding upon each Assignor, its successors and assigns;
provided, however, that no Assignor shall assign any of its rights or
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the First-Lien
Collateral Agent (with the prior written consent of the Required Secured
Creditors), and (iii) inure, together with the rights and remedies of the
First-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder, to the benefit of the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, the other Secured Creditors and their respective successors,
transferees and assigns. All agreements, statements, representations and
warranties made by each Assignor herein or in any certificate or other
instrument delivered by such Assignor or on its behalf under this Agreement
shall be considered to have been relied upon by the Secured Creditors and
shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other
Secured Debt Agreements regardless of any investigation made by the Secured
Creditors or on their behalf.

                  10.5 Headings Descriptive. The headings of the several
sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not in
any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

                  10.6 GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE;
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE
PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE
LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
YORK, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH ASSIGNOR HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY, THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. EACH
ASSIGNOR HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH COURTS LACK
JURISDICTION OVER SUCH ASSIGNOR, AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY LEGAL
ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT
DOCUMENT BROUGHT IN ANY OF THE AFORESAID COURTS THAT ANY SUCH COURT LACKS
JURISDICTION OVER SUCH ASSIGNOR. EACH ASSIGNOR FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO
THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS IN ANY SUCH
ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR
CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO ANY SUCH ASSIGNOR AT ITS ADDRESS FOR
NOTICES AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 10.1 ABOVE, SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE 30
DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING. EACH ASSIGNOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION
TO SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS AND FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO
PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING COMMENCED HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY
OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT THAT SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS WAS IN ANY WAY INVALID OR
INEFFECTIVE. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE FIRST-LIEN
COLLATERAL AGENT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY SECURED CREDITOR, TO SERVE
PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST ANY ASSIGNOR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.

                  (b) EACH ASSIGNOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION
WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY OF THE
AFORESAID ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT BROUGHT IN THE COURTS REFERRED TO IN
CLAUSE (a) ABOVE AND HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD
OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY
SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

                  (c) EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS OR
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

                  10.7 Assignor's Duties. It is expressly agreed, anything
herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, that each Assignor shall
remain liable to perform all of the obligations, if any, assumed by it with
respect to the Collateral and the First-Lien Collateral Agent shall not have
any obligations or liabilities with respect to any Collateral by reason of or
arising out of this Agreement, nor shall the First-Lien Collateral Agent be
required or obligated in any manner to perform or fulfill any of the
obligations of any Assignor under or with respect to any Collateral.

                  10.8 Termination; Release. (a) After the Termination Date,
this Agreement shall terminate (provided that all indemnities set forth herein
including, without limitation in Section 8.1 hereof, shall survive such
termination) and the First-Lien Collateral Agent, at the request and expense
of the respective Assignor, will promptly execute and deliver to such Assignor
a proper instrument or instruments (including Uniform Commercial Code
termination statements on form UCC-3) acknowledging the satisfaction and
termination of this Agreement, and will duly assign, transfer and deliver to
such Assignor (without recourse and without any representation or warranty)
such of the Collateral as may be in the possession of the First-Lien
Collateral Agent and as has not theretofore been sold or otherwise applied or
released pursuant to this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, "Termination
Date" shall mean the date upon which the Total Commitment under the Credit
Agreement has been terminated and all Interest Rate Protection Agreements and
Other Hedging Agreements entered into with any Other Creditor have been
terminated, no Note under the Credit Agreement is outstanding and all Loans
thereunder have been repaid in full, all Letters of Credit issued under the
Credit Agreement have been terminated and all Obligations then due and payable
have been paid in full.

                  (b) In the event that any part of the Collateral is sold or
otherwise disposed of (to a Person other than a Credit Party) (x) at any time
prior to the time at which all Credit Document Obligations have been paid in
full and all Commitments and Letters of Credit under the Credit Agreement have
been terminated, in connection with a sale or disposition permitted by Section
9.02 of the Credit Agreement or is otherwise released at the direction of the
Required Lenders (or all the Lenders if required by Section 13.12 of the
Credit Agreement) or (y) at any time thereafter, to the extent permitted by
the other Secured Debt Agreements, and in the case of clauses (x) and (y), the
proceeds of such sale or disposition (or from such release) are applied in
accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement or such other Secured Debt
Agreement, as the case may be, to the extent required to be so applied, the
First-Lien Collateral Agent, at the request and expense of such Assignor, will
duly release from the security interest created hereby (and will execute and
deliver such documentation, including termination or partial release
statements and the like in connection therewith) and assign, transfer and
deliver to such Assignor (without recourse and without any representation or
warranty) such of the Collateral as is then being (or has been) so sold or
otherwise disposed of, or released, and as may be in the possession of the
First-Lien Collateral Agent and has not theretofore been released pursuant to
this Agreement. Furthermore, upon the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor from
the Subsidiaries Guaranty in accordance with the provisions thereof, such
Assignor (and the Collateral at such time assigned by the respective Assignor
pursuant hereto) shall be released from this Agreement.

                  (c) At any time that an Assignor desires that the First-Lien
Collateral Agent take any action to acknowledge or give effect to any release
of Collateral pursuant to the foregoing Section 10.8(a) or (b), such Assignor
shall deliver to the First-Lien Collateral Agent a certificate signed by a
principal executive officer of such Assignor stating that the release of the
respective Collateral is permitted pursuant to such Section 10.8(a) or (b). At
any time that the Borrower or the respective Assignor desires that a
Subsidiary of the Borrower which has been released from the Subsidiaries
Guaranty be released hereunder as provided in the last sentence of Section
10.8(b), it shall deliver to the First-Lien Collateral Agent a certificate
signed by a principal executive officer of the Borrower and the respective
Assignor stating that the release of the respective Assignor (and its
Collateral) is permitted pursuant to such Section 10.8(b). If reasonably
requested by the First-Lien Collateral Agent (although the First-Lien
Collateral Agent shall have not obligation to make such request), the relevant
Assignor shall furnish appropriate legal opinions (from counsel, reasonably
acceptable to the First-Lien Collateral Agent) to the effect set forth in this
Section 10.8(c).

                  (d) The First-Lien Collateral Agent shall have no liability
whatsoever to any other Secured Creditor as the result of any release of
Collateral by it in accordance with (or which the First-Lien Collateral Agent
in the absence of gross negligence and willful misconduct believes to be in
accordance with) this Section 10.8.

                  10.9 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an
original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same
instrument. A set of counterparts executed by all the parties hereto shall be
lodged with the Borrower and the First-Lien Collateral Agent.

                  10.10 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any
such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate
or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

                  10.11 The First-Lien Collateral Agent and the other Secured
Creditors. The First-Lien Collateral Agent will hold in accordance with this
Agreement all items of the Collateral at any time received under this
Agreement. It is expressly understood and agreed that the obligations of the
First-Lien Collateral Agent as holder of the Collateral and interests therein
and with respect to the disposition thereof, and otherwise under this
Agreement, are only those expressly set forth in this Agreement and in Section
12 of the Credit Agreement. The First-Lien Collateral Agent shall act
hereunder on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in Section 12 of
the Credit Agreement.

                  10.12 Additional Assignors. It is understood and agreed that
any Subsidiary Guarantor that desires to become an Assignor hereunder, or is
required to execute a counterpart of this Agreement after the date hereof
pursuant to the requirements of the Credit Agreement or any other Credit
Document, shall become an Assignor hereunder by executing a counterpart hereof
and delivering same to the First-Lien Collateral Agent, or by executing an
assumption agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, (y) delivering supplements to Annexes A through F,
inclusive, and H through K, inclusive, hereto as are necessary to cause such
Annexes to be complete and accurate with respect to such additional Assignor
on such date and (z) taking all actions as specified in this Agreement as
would have been taken by such Assignor had it been an original party to this
Agreement, in each case with all documents required above to be delivered to
the First-Lien Collateral Agent and with all documents and actions required
above to be taken to the reasonable satisfaction of the First-Lien Collateral
Agent.

                  10.13 Compliance with Laws. Each Assignor agrees to use
commercially reasonable efforts, including taking any action which the
First-Lien Collateral Agent and the Secured Creditors may reasonably request,
to assist in obtaining any required consent or approval of the Federal
Communications Commission (the "FCC") or any other governmental or other
authority for any sale or transfer of control of the Collateral contemplated
by the security documents pursuant to the exercise of the rights and remedies
of the First-Lien Collateral Agent and the Secured Creditors thereunder,
including, upon request, to prepare, sign and file with the FCC the assignor's
or transferor's and licensee's portions of any applications required under the
rules of the FCC for consent to the assignment or transfer of control of any
FCC construction permit, license or other authorization.

                  Each Assignor further consents, subject to obtaining any
necessary approvals, to the assignment or transfer of control of any FCC or
other governmental construction permit, license, or other authorization to
operate, to a receiver, trustee, or similar official or to any purchaser of
the Collateral pursuant to any public or private sale, judicial sale,
foreclosure, or exercise of other remedies available to First-Lien Collateral
Agent and the Secured Creditors as permitted by applicable law.
Notwithstanding anything herein which may be construed to the contrary, no
action shall be taken by any of the First-Lien Collateral Agent and the
Secured Creditors with respect to any license of the FCC unless and until any
applicable rules and regulations thereunder, requiring the consent to or
approval of such action by the FCC or any governmental or other authority,
have been satisfied.

               [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank;
                           signature page follows]

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of
the date first above written.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                           <C>
Address:                                                      RCN CORPORATION, as an Assignor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      BRAINSTORM NETWORKS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      HOT SPOTS PRODUCTIONS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      ON TV, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN-BECOCOM, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Telecom Services of Massachusetts, Inc.
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN CABLE TV OF CHICAGO, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN ENTERTAINMENT, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN FINANCE, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Corporation, its managing member
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN INTERNET SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF MASSACHUSETTS, INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF PHILADELPHIA, INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF VIRGINIA, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF WASHINGTON D.C., INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RFM 2, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Corporation, its managing member
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RLH PROPERTY CORPORATION, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      TEC AIR, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      21ST CENTURY TELECOM SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      UNET HOLDING, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                           <C>
Address:                                                      STARPOWER COMMUNICATIONS, LLC,
                                                                as a Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540
Attention: Chief Financial Officer
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              ---------------------------------------
                                                                 Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                 Title: Manager
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

Accepted and Agreed to:

DEUTSCHE BANK AG CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH,
  as First-Lien Collateral Agent


By: /s/ Alexander Richarz
   ----------------------------------
   Name:  Alexander Richarz
   Title: Vice President


By: /s/ Gregory Shefrin
   ----------------------------------
   Name:  Gregory Shefrin
   Title: Director

<PAGE>

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS
                               -----------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                               Page
                                                                                                               ----

<S>                                                                                                              <C>

ARTICLE I SECURITY INTERESTS......................................................................................2

         1.1 Grant of Security Interests..........................................................................2
         1.2 Power of Attorney....................................................................................4

ARTICLE II GENERAL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS......................................................4

         2.1 Necessary Filings....................................................................................5
         2.2 No Liens.............................................................................................5
         2.3 Other Financing Statements...........................................................................5
         2.4 Chief Executive Office, Record Locations.............................................................5
         2.5 Location of Inventory and Equipment..................................................................5
         2.6 Legal Names; Type of Organization (and Whether a Registered Organization);
                  Jurisdiction of Organization; Location; Organizational Identification
                  Numbers; Changes Thereto; etc...................................................................6
         2.7 Trade Names; Etc.....................................................................................6
         2.8 Certain Significant Transactions.....................................................................6
         2.9 Non-UCC Property.....................................................................................7
         2.10 As-Extracted Collateral; Timber-to-be-Cut...........................................................7
         2.11 Collateral in the Possession of a Bailee............................................................7
         2.12 Recourse............................................................................................8

ARTICLE III SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING ACCOUNTS; CONTRACT RIGHTS; INSTRUMENTS;
   CHATTEL PAPER AND CERTAIN OTHER COLLATERAL.....................................................................8

         3.1 Additional Representations and Warranties............................................................8
         3.2 Maintenance of Records...............................................................................8
         3.3 Direction to Account Debtors; Contracting Parties; etc...............................................8
         3.4 Modification of Terms; etc...........................................................................9
         3.5 Collection...........................................................................................9
         3.6 Instruments..........................................................................................9
         3.7 Assignors Remain Liable Under Accounts..............................................................10
         3.8 Assignors Remain Liable Under Contracts.............................................................10
         3.9 Deposit Accounts; Etc...............................................................................10
         3.10 Letter-of-Credit Rights............................................................................11
         3.11 Commercial Tort Claims.............................................................................11
         3.12 Chattel Paper......................................................................................12
         3.13 Further Actions....................................................................................12

ARTICLE IV SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING TRADEMARKS AND DOMAIN NAMES.............................................12

         4.1 Additional Representations and Warranties...........................................................12
         4.2 Licenses and Assignments............................................................................13
         4.3 Infringements.......................................................................................13
         4.4 Preservation of Marks and Domain Names..............................................................13
         4.5 Maintenance of Registration.........................................................................13
         4.6 Future Registered Marks and Domain Names............................................................13
         4.7 Remedies............................................................................................14

ARTICLE V SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND TRADE SECRETS....................................14

         5.1 Additional Representations and Warranties...........................................................14
         5.2 Licenses and Assignments............................................................................15
         5.3 Infringements.......................................................................................15
         5.4 Maintenance of Patents or Copyrights................................................................15
         5.5 Prosecution of Patent Applications..................................................................15
         5.6 Other Patents and Copyrights........................................................................15
         5.7 Remedies............................................................................................15

ARTICLE VI PROVISIONS CONCERNING ALL COLLATERAL..................................................................16

         6.1 Protection of First-Lien Collateral Agent's Security................................................16
         6.2 Warehouse Receipts Non-Negotiable...................................................................16
         6.3 Additional Information..............................................................................16
         6.4 Further Actions.....................................................................................16
         6.5 Financing Statements................................................................................17

ARTICLE VII REMEDIES UPON OCCURRENCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT......................................................17

         7.1 Remedies; Obtaining the Collateral Upon Default.....................................................17
         7.2 Remedies; Disposition of the Collateral.............................................................19
         7.3 Waiver of Claims....................................................................................19
         7.4 Application of Proceeds.............................................................................20
         7.5 Remedies Cumulative.................................................................................23
         7.6 Discontinuance of Proceedings.......................................................................23

ARTICLE VIII INDEMNITY...........................................................................................23

         8.1 Indemnity...........................................................................................23
         8.2 Indemnity Obligations Secured by Collateral; Survival...............................................24

ARTICLE IX DEFINITIONS...........................................................................................25

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS..........................................................................................31

         10.1 Notices............................................................................................31
         10.2 Waiver; Amendment..................................................................................32
         10.3 Obligations Absolute...............................................................................33
         10.4 Successors and Assigns.............................................................................33
         10.5 Headings Descriptive...............................................................................33
         10.6 GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.............................33
         10.7 Assignor's Duties..................................................................................34
         10.8 Termination; Release...............................................................................34
         10.9 Counterparts.......................................................................................36
         10.10 Severability......................................................................................36
         10.11 The First-Lien Collateral Agent and the other Secured Creditors...................................36
         10.12 Additional Assignors..............................................................................36
         10.13 Compliance with Laws..............................................................................36


ANNEX A           Schedule of Chief Executive Offices Address(es) of Chief Executive Office
ANNEX B           Schedule of Inventory and Equipment Locations
ANNEX C           Schedule of Legal Names, Type of Organization (and Whether a Registered Organization), Jurisdiction of
                  Organization, Location and Organizational Identification Numbers
ANNEX D           Schedule of Trade and Fictitious Names
ANNEX E           Description of Certain  Significant  Transactions  Occurring Within One Year Prior to the Date of the Security
                  Agreement
ANNEX F           Schedule of Deposit Accounts
ANNEX G           Form of Control Agreement Regarding Deposit Accounts
ANNEX H           Schedule of Commercial Tort Claims
ANNEX I           Schedule of Marks and Applications; Internet Domain Name Registrations
ANNEX J           Schedule of Patents
ANNEX K           Schedule of Copyrights
ANNEX L           Grant of Security Interest in United States Trademarks
ANNEX M           Grant of Security Interest in United States Patents
ANNEX N           Grant of Security Interest in United States Copyrights

</TABLE>

               [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank]

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>rcn_pledge-agree.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.9 - FIRST LIEN PLEDGE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 99.9



                               PLEDGE AGREEMENT


                  PLEDGE AGREEMENT (as amended, modified, restated and/or
supplemented from time to time, this "Agreement"), dated as of December 21,
2004, among each of the undersigned pledgors (each, a "Pledgor" and, together
with any other entity that becomes a pledgor hereunder pursuant to Section 30
hereof, the "Pledgors") and Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch, as
collateral agent (the "First-Lien Collateral Agent" and together with any
successor collateral agent, the "Pledgee"), for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors (as defined below). Except as otherwise defined herein, all
capitalized terms used herein and defined in the Credit Agreement (as defined
below) shall be used herein as therein defined.

                              W I T N E S S E T H :
                               - - - - - - - - - -


                  WHEREAS, RCN Corporation (the "Borrower"), the lenders from
time to time party thereto (the "Lenders"), Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as
Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager, and Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands
Branch, as administrative agent (together with any successor administrative
agent, the "Administrative Agent"), have entered into a First-Lien Credit
Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2004 (as amended, modified, restated
and/or supplemented from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"), providing for
the making of Loans to, and the issuance of, and participation in, Letters of
Credit for the account of the Borrower, all as contemplated therein (the
Lenders, each Issuing Lender, the Administrative Agent, the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, each other Agent and the Pledgee are herein called the
"Lender Creditors");

                  WHEREAS, the Borrower [and/or one or more of its
Subsidiaries] may at any time and from time to time enter into one or more
Interest Rate Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements with one or
more Lenders or any affiliate thereof (each such Lender or affiliate, even if
the respective Lender subsequently ceases to be a Lender under the Credit
Agreement for any reason, together with such Lender's or affiliate's
successors and assigns, if any, collectively, the "Other Creditors" and,
together with the Lender Creditors, the "Secured Creditors");

                  WHEREAS, pursuant to the Subsidiaries Guaranty, each
Subsidiary Guarantor has jointly and severally guaranteed to the Secured
Creditors the payment when due of all Guaranteed Obligations as described
therein;

                  WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the making of Loans
to the Borrower and the issuance of, and participation in, Letters of Credit
for the account of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement and to the Other
Creditors entering into Interest Rate Protection Agreements and Other Hedging
Agreements that each Pledgor shall have executed and delivered to the Pledgee
this Agreement; and

                  WHEREAS, each Pledgor will obtain benefits from the
incurrence of Loans by the Borrower and the issuance of, and participation in,
Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement
and the entering into by the Borrower and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries
of Interest Rate Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements and,
accordingly, desires to execute this Agreement in order to satisfy the
condition described in the preceding paragraph and to induce the Lenders to
make Loans to the Borrower and issue, and/or participate in, Letters of Credit
for the account of the Borrower and the Other Creditors to enter into Interest
Rate Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements with the Borrower
and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries;

                  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other
benefits accruing to each Pledgor, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, each Pledgor hereby makes the following representations
and warranties to the Pledgee for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and
hereby covenants and agrees with the Pledgee for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors as follows:

                  1. SECURITY FOR OBLIGATIONS. This Agreement is made by each
Pledgor for the benefit of the Secured Creditors to secure:

                  (i) the full and prompt payment when due (whether at stated
     maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all obligations, liabilities
     and indebtedness (including, without limitation, principal, premium,
     interest (including, without limitation, all interest that accrues after
     the commencement of any case, proceeding or other action relating to the
     bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding of any
     Pledgor or any Subsidiary thereof at the rate provided for in the
     respective documentation, whether or not a claim for post-petition
     interest is allowed in any such proceeding), reimbursement obligations
     under Letters of Credit, fees, costs and indemnities) of such Pledgor
     owing to the Lender Creditors, whether now existing or hereafter incurred
     under, arising out of, or in connection with, the Credit Agreement and
     the other Credit Documents to which such Pledgor is a party (including,
     in the case of each Pledgor that is a Guarantor, all such obligations,
     liabilities and indebtedness of such Pledgor under its Guaranty) and the
     due performance and compliance by such Pledgor with all of the terms,
     conditions and agreements contained in the Credit Agreement and in such
     other Credit Documents (all such obligations, liabilities and
     indebtedness under this clause (i), except to the extent consisting of
     obligations, liabilities or indebtedness with respect to Interest Rate
     Protection Agreements or Other Hedging Agreements, entitled to the
     benefits of this Agreement being herein collectively called the "Credit
     Document Obligations");

                  (ii) the full and prompt payment when due (whether at stated
     maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all obligations, liabilities
     and indebtedness (including, without limitation, all interest that
     accrues after the commencement of any case, proceeding or other action
     relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar
     proceeding of any Pledgor at the rate provided for in the respective
     documentation, whether or not a claim for post-petition interest is
     allowed in any such proceeding) owing by such Pledgor to the Other
     Creditors now existing or hereafter incurred under, arising out of or in
     connection with any Interest Rate Protection Agreement or Other Hedging
     Agreement, whether such Interest Rate Protection Agreement or Other
     Hedging Agreement is now in existence or hereinafter arising (including,
     in the case of a Pledgor that is a Guarantor, all obligations,
     liabilities and indebtedness of such Pledgor under its Guaranty in
     respect of the Interest Rate Protection Agreements and Other Hedging
     Agreements), and the due performance and compliance by such Pledgor with
     all of the terms, conditions and agreements contained in each such
     Interest Rate Protection Agreement and Other Hedging Agreement (all such
     obligations, liabilities and indebtedness under this clause (ii) being
     herein collectively called the "Other Obligations"); provided that if the
     aggregate notional amount of all then outstanding Interest Rate
     Protection Agreements and Other Hedging Agreements would exceed the
     Maximum Hedging Obligations Notional Amount, then amounts owing with
     respect to such excess shall not constitute Other Obligations hereunder;
     provided further that, if at the time of the entering into of any
     Interest Rate Protection Agreement or Other Hedging Agreement the
     respective Other Creditors obtained an officer's certificate of the
     Borrower or a representation by the Borrower that the aggregate notional
     amount thereof when added to the aggregate notional amount of all other
     then outstanding Interest Rate Protection Agreements and Other Hedging
     Agreements which constitute Other Obligations hereunder, shall not or
     would not exceed the Maximum Hedging Obligations Notional Amount, then
     such Interest Rate Protection Agreement or Other Hedging Agreement, as
     the case may be, (and all obligations thereunder as described above)
     shall constitute Other Obligations for all purposes hereof
     notwithstanding the fact that the Maximum Hedging Obligations Notional
     Amount has actually been exceeded;

                  (iii) any and all sums advanced by the Pledgee in order to
     preserve the Collateral (as hereinafter defined) or preserve its security
     interest in the Collateral;

                  (iv) in the event of any proceeding for the collection or
     enforcement of any indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of such
     Pledgor referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, after an Event of
     Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the reasonable expenses of
     retaking, holding, preparing for sale or lease, selling or otherwise
     disposing of or realizing on the Collateral, or of any exercise by the
     Pledgee of its rights hereunder, together with reasonable attorneys' fees
     and court costs;

                  (v) all amounts paid by any Indemnitee as to which such
     Indemnitee has the right to reimbursement under Section 11 of this
     Agreement; and

                  (vi) all amounts owing to any Agent or any of its affiliates
     pursuant to any of the Credit Documents in its capacity as such;

all such obligations, liabilities, indebtedness, sums and expenses set forth
in clauses (i) through (vi) of this Section 1 being herein collectively called
the "Obligations", it being acknowledged and agreed that the "Obligations"
shall include extensions of credit of the types described above, whether
outstanding on the date of this Agreement or extended from time to time after
the date of this Agreement.

                  2. DEFINITIONS. (a) Unless otherwise defined herein, all
capitalized terms used herein and defined in the Credit Agreement shall be
used herein as therein defined. Reference to singular terms shall include the
plural and vice versa.

                  (b) The following capitalized terms used herein shall have
the definitions specified below:

                  "Administrative Agent" shall have the meaning set forth in
the recitals hereto.

                  "Adverse Claim" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 8-102(a)(1) of the UCC.

                  "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the first
paragraph hereof.

                  "Borrower" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals
hereto.

                  "Certificated Security" shall have the meaning given such
term in Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC.

                  "Clearing Corporation" shall have the meaning given such
term in Section 8-102(a)(5) of the UCC.

                  "Collateral" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1
hereof.

                  "Collateral Accounts" shall mean any and all accounts
established and maintained by the Pledgee in the name of any Pledgor to which
Collateral may be credited.

                  "Credit Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.

                  "Credit Document Obligations" shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 1(i) hereof.

                  "Domestic Corporation" shall mean any corporation or similar
entity organized under the laws of the United States or any State or territory
thereof or the District of Columbia.

                  "Event of Default" shall mean any Event of Default under,
and as defined in, the Credit Agreement and shall in any event include,
without limitation, any payment default on any of the Obligations after the
expiration of any applicable grace period.

                  "Exempted Foreign Entity" shall mean any Foreign Corporation
and any limited liability company organized under the laws of a jurisdiction
other than the United States or any State or Territory thereof that, in any
such case, is treated as a corporation or an association taxable as a
corporation for U.S. Federal income tax purposes.

                  "Financial Asset" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC.

                  "Foreign Corporation" shall mean any corporation or similar
entity organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United
States or any State or territory thereof or the District of Columbia.

                  "Holdings" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals
hereto.

                  "Indemnitees" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11
hereof.

                  "Instrument" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC.

                  "Investment Property" shall have the meaning given such term
in Section 9-102(a)(49) of the UCC.

                  "Lender Creditors" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.

                  "Lenders" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals
hereto.

                  "Limited Liability Company Assets" shall mean all assets,
whether tangible or intangible and whether real, personal or mixed (including,
without limitation, all limited liability company capital and interest in
other limited liability companies), at any time owned by any Pledgor or
represented by any Limited Liability Company Interest.

                  "Limited Liability Company Interests" shall mean the entire
limited liability company membership interest at any time owned by any Pledgor
in any limited liability company.

                  "Location" of any Pledgor has the meaning given such term in
Section 9-307 of the UCC.

                  "Maximum Hedging Obligations Notional Amount" shall mean an
aggregate notional amount equal to $325 million.

                  "Non-Voting Equity Interests" shall mean all Equity
Interests of any Person which are not Voting Equity Interests.

                  "Notes" shall mean all promissory notes, including all
intercompany notes at any time issued to any Pledgor.

                  "Obligations" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1
hereof.

                  "Other Creditors" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.

                  "Other Obligations" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 1(ii) hereof.

                  "Partnership Assets" shall mean all assets, whether tangible
or intangible and whether real, personal or mixed (including, without
limitation, all partnership capital and interest in other partnerships), at
any time owned by any Pledgor or represented by any Partnership Interest.

                  "Partnership Interest" shall mean the entire general
partnership interest or limited partnership interest at any time owned by any
Pledgor in any general partnership or limited partnership.

                  "Pledged Notes" shall mean all Notes at any time pledged or
required to be pledged hereunder.

                  "Pledgee" shall have the meaning set forth in the first
paragraph hereof.

                  "Pledgor" shall have the meaning set forth in the first
paragraph hereof.

                  "Proceeds" shall have the meaning given such term in Section
9-102(a)(64) of the UCC.

                  "Registered Organization" shall have the meaning given such
term in Section 9-102(a)(70) of the UCC.

                  "Required Lenders" shall have the meaning given such term in
the Credit Agreement.

                  "Required Secured Creditors" shall have the meaning provided
in the Security Agreement.

                  "Secured Creditors" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.

                  "Secured Debt Agreements" shall mean and includes (x) this
Agreement, (y) the other Credit Documents and (z) the Interest Rate Protection
Agreements and Other Hedging Agreements entered into with any Other Creditors.

                  "Securities Account" shall have the meaning given such term
in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC.

                  "Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, as in effect from time to time.

                  "Securities Intermediary" shall have the meaning given such
term in Section 8-102(14) of the UCC.

                  "Security" and "Securities" shall have the meaning given
such term in Section 8-102(a)(15) of the UCC and shall in any event also
include all Stock and all Notes.

                  "Security Entitlement" shall have the meaning given such
term in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC.

                  "Specified Default" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5 hereof.

                  "Stock" shall mean all of the issued and outstanding shares
of capital stock or similar equity interests of any Domestic Corporation or
Foreign Corporation at any time owned by any Pledgor.

                  "Termination Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 20 hereof.

                  "Transmitting Utility" has the meaning given such term in
Section 9-102(a)(80) of the UCC.

                  "UCC" shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in
the State of New York from time to time; provided that all references herein
to specific Sections or subsections of the UCC are references to such Sections
or subsections, as the case may be, of the Uniform Commercial Code as in
effect in the State of New York on the date hereof.

                  "Uncertificated Security" shall have the meaning given such
term in Section 8-102(a)(18) of the UCC.

                  "Voting Equity Interests" of any Person shall mean all
classes of Equity Interests of such Person entitled to vote.

                  3. PLEDGE OF SECURITIES, ETC.

                  3.1 Pledge. To secure the Obligations now or hereafter owed
or to be performed by such Pledgor, each Pledgor does hereby grant, pledge and
assign to the Pledgee for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, and does
hereby create a continuing security interest (subject to those Liens permitted
to exist with respect to the Collateral pursuant to the terms of all Secured
Debt Agreements then in effect) in favor of the Pledgee for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors in, all of its right, title and interest in and to the
following, whether now existing or hereafter from time to time acquired
(collectively, the "Collateral"):

                  (a) each of the Collateral Accounts (to the extent a
     security interest therein is not created pursuant to the Security
     Agreement), including any and all assets of whatever type or kind
     deposited by such Pledgor in any such Collateral Account, whether now
     owned or hereafter acquired, existing or arising, including, without
     limitation, all Financial Assets, Investment Property, monies, checks,
     drafts, Instruments, Securities or interests therein of any type or
     nature deposited or required by the Credit Agreement or any other Secured
     Debt Agreement to be deposited in such Collateral Account, and all
     investments and all certificates and other Instruments (including
     depository receipts, if any) from time to time representing or evidencing
     the same, and all dividends, interest, distributions, cash and other
     property from time to time received, receivable or otherwise distributed
     in respect of or in exchange for any or all of the foregoing;

                  (b) all Securities owned or held by such Pledgor from time
     to time and all options and warrants owned by such Pledgor from time to
     time to purchase Securities;

                  (c) all Limited Liability Company Interests owned by such
     Pledgor from time to time and all of its right, title and interest in
     each limited liability company to which each such Limited Liability
     Company Interest relates, whether now existing or hereafter acquired,
     including, without limitation, to the fullest extent permitted under the
     terms and provisions of the documents and agreements governing such
     Limited Liability Company Interests and applicable law:

                       (A) all its capital therein and its interest in all
          profits, income, surpluses, losses, Limited Liability Company Assets
          and other distributions to which such Pledgor shall at any time be
          entitled in respect of such Limited Liability Company Interests;

                       (B) all other payments due or to become due to such
          Pledgor in respect of Limited Liability Company Interests, whether
          under any limited liability company agreement or otherwise, whether
          as contractual obligations, damages, insurance proceeds or
          otherwise;

                       (C) all of its claims, rights, powers, privileges,
          authority, options, security interests, liens and remedies, if any,
          under any limited liability company agreement or operating
          agreement, or at law or otherwise in respect of such Limited
          Liability Company Interests;

                       (D) all present and future claims, if any, of such
          Pledgor against any such limited liability company for monies loaned
          or advanced, for services rendered or otherwise;

                       (E) all of such Pledgor's rights under any limited
          liability company agreement or operating agreement or at law to
          exercise and enforce every right, power, remedy, authority, option
          and privilege of such Pledgor relating to such Limited Liability
          Company Interests, including any power to terminate, cancel or
          modify any such limited liability company agreement or operating
          agreement, to execute any instruments and to take any and all other
          action on behalf of and in the name of any of such Pledgor in
          respect of such Limited Liability Company Interests and any such
          limited liability company, to make determinations, to exercise any
          election (including, but not limited to, election of remedies) or
          option or to give or receive any notice, consent, amendment, waiver
          or approval, together with full power and authority to demand,
          receive, enforce, collect or receipt for any of the foregoing or for
          any Limited Liability Company Asset, to enforce or execute any
          checks, or other instruments or orders, to file any claims and to
          take any action in connection with any of the foregoing; and

                       (F) all other property hereafter delivered in
          substitution for or in addition to any of the foregoing, all
          certificates and instruments representing or evidencing such other
          property and all cash, securities, interest, dividends, rights and
          other property at any time and from time to time received,
          receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for
          any or all thereof;

                  (d) all Partnership Interests owned by such Pledgor from
     time to time and all of its right, title and interest in each partnership
     to which each such Partnership Interest relates, whether now existing or
     hereafter acquired, including, without limitation, to the fullest extent
     permitted under the terms and provisions of the documents and agreements
     governing such Partnership Interests and applicable law:

                       (A) all its capital therein and its interest in all
          profits, income, surpluses, losses, Partnership Assets and other
          distributions to which such Pledgor shall at any time be entitled in
          respect of such Partnership Interests;

                       (B) all other payments due or to become due to such
          Pledgor in respect of Partnership Interests, whether under any
          partnership agreement or otherwise, whether as contractual
          obligations, damages, insurance proceeds or otherwise;

                       (C) all of its claims, rights, powers, privileges,
          authority, options, security interests, liens and remedies, if any,
          under any partnership agreement or operating agreement, or at law or
          otherwise in respect of such Partnership Interests;

                       (D) all present and future claims, if any, of such
          Pledgor against any such partnership for monies loaned or advanced,
          for services rendered or otherwise;

                       (E) all of such Pledgor's rights under any partnership
          agreement or operating agreement or at law to exercise and enforce
          every right, power, remedy, authority, option and privilege of such
          Pledgor relating to such Partnership Interests, including any power
          to terminate, cancel or modify any partnership agreement or
          operating agreement, to execute any instruments and to take any and
          all other action on behalf of and in the name of such Pledgor in
          respect of such Partnership Interests and any such partnership, to
          make determinations, to exercise any election (including, but not
          limited to, election of remedies) or option or to give or receive
          any notice, consent, amendment, waiver or approval, together with
          full power and authority to demand, receive, enforce, collect or
          receipt for any of the foregoing or for any Partnership Asset, to
          enforce or execute any checks, or other instruments or orders, to
          file any claims and to take any action in connection with any of the
          foregoing; and

                       (F) all other property hereafter delivered in
          substitution for or in addition to any of the foregoing, all
          certificates and instruments representing or evidencing such other
          property and all cash, securities, interest, dividends, rights and
          other property at any time and from time to time received,
          receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for
          any or all thereof;

                  (e) all Financial Assets and Investment Property owned by
     such Pledgor from time to time;

                  (f) all Security Entitlements owned by such Pledgor from
     time to time in any and all of the foregoing; and

                  (g) all Proceeds of any and all of the foregoing.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no Pledgor shall be
required at any time to pledge hereunder (x) to the extent such assets are the
property of the Pledgor, any limited liability company interests of Starpower
Communications, LLC for so long as the organizational documents of such entity
prohibits the granting of a security interest in such limited liability
company interests; provided that a security interest shall attach immediately
upon (and the exclusion to this clause (x) shall no longer apply at any time
after) the consummation of the Starpower Acquisition, (y) to the extent such
assets are the property of the Pledgor, any equity interests of Megacable,
S.A. de C.V., MCM Holdings, S.A. de C.V. and Megacable Telecommunicaciones,
S.A. de C.V. for so long as the organizational documents of such entities
prohibits the granting of a security interest in such equity interests;
provided that such security interest shall attach immediately when such
prohibition is no longer in effect or (z) more than 65% of the Voting Equity
Interest of any Foreign Corporation; provided that each Pledgor shall be
required to pledge hereunder 100% of any Non-Voting Equity Interest at any
time and from time to time acquired by such Pledgor of any Foreign
Corporation.

                  3.2 Procedures. (a) To the extent that any Pledgor at any
time or from time to time owns, acquires or obtains any right, title or
interest in any Collateral, such Collateral shall automatically (and without
the taking of any action by such Pledgor) be pledged pursuant to Section 3.1
of this Agreement and, in addition thereto, such Pledgor shall (to the extent
provided below) take the following actions as set forth below (as promptly as
practicable and, in any event, within 10 days after it obtains such
Collateral) for the benefit of the Pledgee and the other Secured Creditors:

                  (i) with respect to a Certificated Security (other than a
     Certificated Security credited on the books of a Clearing Corporation or
     Securities Intermediary), such Pledgor shall physically deliver such
     Certificated Security to the Pledgee, endorsed to the Pledgee or endorsed
     in blank;

                  (ii) with respect to an Uncertificated Security (other than
     an Uncertificated Security credited on the books of a Clearing
     Corporation or Securities Intermediary), such Pledgor shall cause the
     issuer of such Uncertificated Security to duly authorize, execute, and
     deliver to the Pledgee, an agreement for the benefit of the Pledgee and
     the other Secured Creditors substantially in the form of Annex H hereto
     (appropriately completed to the satisfaction of the Pledgee and with such
     modifications, if any, as shall be satisfactory to the Pledgee) pursuant
     to which such issuer agrees to comply with any and all instructions
     originated by the Pledgee in accordance with this Agreement without
     further consent by the registered owner and not to comply with
     instructions regarding such Uncertificated Security (and any Partnership
     Interests and Limited Liability Company Interests issued by such issuer)
     originated by any other Person other than a court of competent
     jurisdiction;

                  (iii) with respect to a Certificated Security,
     Uncertificated Security, Partnership Interest or Limited Liability
     Company Interest credited on the books of a Clearing Corporation or
     Securities Intermediary (including a Federal Reserve Bank, Participants
     Trust Company or The Depository Trust Company), such Pledgor shall
     promptly notify the Pledgee thereof and shall promptly take (x) all
     actions required (i) to comply with the applicable rules of such Clearing
     Corporation or Securities Intermediary and (ii) to perfect the security
     interest of the Pledgee under applicable law (including, in any event,
     under Sections 9-314(a), (b) and (c), 9-106 and 8-106(d) of the UCC) and
     (y) such other actions as the Pledgee deems necessary or desirable to
     effect the foregoing;

                  (iv) with respect to a Partnership Interest or a Limited
     Liability Company Interest (other than a Partnership Interest or Limited
     Liability Company Interest credited on the books of a Clearing
     Corporation or Securities Intermediary), (1) if such Partnership Interest
     or Limited Liability Company Interest is represented by a certificate and
     is a Security for purposes of the UCC, the procedure set forth in Section
     3.2(a)(i) hereof, and (2) if such Partnership Interest or Limited
     Liability Company Interest is not represented by a certificate or is not
     a Security for purposes of the UCC, the procedure set forth in Section
     3.2(a)(ii) hereof;

                  (v) with respect to any Note, physical delivery of such Note
     to the Pledgee, endorsed in blank, or, at the request of the Pledgee,
     endorsed to the Pledgee; and

                  (vi) with respect to cash proceeds from any of the
     Collateral described in Section 3.1 hereof, (i) establishment by the
     Pledgee of a cash account in the name of such Pledgor over which the
     Pledgee shall have "control" within the meaning of the UCC and at any
     time any Event of Default is in existence no withdrawals or transfers may
     be made therefrom by any Person except with the prior written consent of
     the Pledgee and (ii) deposit of such cash in such cash account.

                  (b) In addition to the actions required to be taken pursuant
to Section 3.2(a) hereof, each Pledgor shall take the following additional
actions with respect to the Collateral:

                  (i) with respect to all Collateral of such Pledgor whereby
     or with respect to which the Pledgee may obtain "control" thereof within
     the meaning of Section 8-106 of the UCC (or under any provision of the
     UCC as same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, or under
     the laws of any relevant State other than the State of New York), such
     Pledgor shall take all actions as may be requested from time to time by
     the Pledgee so that "control" of such Collateral is obtained and at all
     times held by the Pledgee; and

                  (ii) each Pledgor shall from time to time cause appropriate
     financing statements (on appropriate forms) under the Uniform Commercial
     Code as in effect in the various relevant States, covering all Collateral
     hereunder (with the form of such financing statements to be satisfactory
     to the Pledgee), to be filed in the relevant filing offices so that at
     all times the Pledgee's security interest in all Investment Property and
     other Collateral which can be perfected by the filing of such financing
     statements (in each case to the maximum extent perfection by filing may
     be obtained under the laws of the relevant States, including, without
     limitation, Section 9-312(a) of the UCC) is so perfected.

                  3.3 Subsequently Acquired Collateral. If any Pledgor shall
acquire (by purchase, stock dividend, distribution or otherwise) any
additional Collateral at any time or from time to time after the date hereof,
(i) such Collateral shall automatically (and without any further action being
required to be taken) be subject to the pledge and security interests created
pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof and, furthermore, such Pledgor will thereafter
take (or cause to be taken) all action (as promptly as practicable and, in any
event, within 10 days after it obtains such Collateral) with respect to such
Collateral in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 3.2 hereof,
and will promptly thereafter deliver to the Pledgee (i) a certificate executed
by an authorized officer of such Pledgor describing such Collateral and
certifying that the same has been duly pledged in favor of the Pledgee (for
the benefit of the Secured Creditors) hereunder and (ii) supplements to
Annexes A through G hereto as are necessary to cause such Annexes to be
complete and accurate at such time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Pledgor
shall be required to pledge hereunder the equity interests of any Exempted
Foreign Entity.

                  3.4 Transfer Taxes. Each pledge of Collateral under Section
3.1 or Section 3.3 hereof shall be accompanied by any transfer tax stamps
required in connection with the pledge of such Collateral.

                  3.5 Certain Representations and Warranties Regarding the
Collateral. Each Pledgor represents and warrants that on the date hereof: (i)
each Subsidiary of such Pledgor, and the direct ownership thereof, is listed
in Annex B hereto; (ii) the Stock (and any warrants or options to purchase
Stock) held by such Pledgor consists of the number and type of shares of the
stock (or warrants or options to purchase any stock) of the corporations as
described in Annex C hereto; (iii) such Stock referenced in clause (ii) of
this paragraph constitutes that percentage of the issued and outstanding
capital stock of the issuing corporation as is set forth in Annex C hereto;
(iv) the Notes held by such Pledgor consist of the promissory notes described
in Annex D hereto where such Pledgor is listed as the lender; (v) the Limited
Liability Company Interests held by such Pledgor consist of the number and
type of interests of the Persons described in Annex E hereto; (vi) each such
Limited Liability Company Interest referenced in clause (v) of this paragraph
constitutes that percentage of the issued and outstanding equity interest of
the issuing Person as set forth in Annex E hereto; (vii) the Partnership
Interests held by such Pledgor consist of the number and type of interests of
the Persons described in Annex F hereto; (viii) each such Partnership Interest
referenced in clause (viii) of this paragraph constitutes that percentage or
portion of the entire partnership interest of the Partnership as set forth in
Annex F hereto; (ix) the exact address of each chief executive office of such
Pledgor is listed on Annex G hereto; (x) the Pledgor has complied with the
respective procedure set forth in Section 3.2(a) hereof with respect to each
item of Collateral described in Annexes C through F hereto; and (xi) on the
date hereof, such Pledgor owns no other Securities, Stock, Notes, Limited
Liability Company Interests or Partnership Interests.

                  4. APPOINTMENT OF SUB-AGENTS; ENDORSEMENTS, ETC. The Pledgee
shall have the right to appoint one or more sub-agents for the purpose of
retaining physical possession of the Collateral, which may be held (in the
discretion of the Pledgee) in the name of the relevant Pledgor, endorsed or
assigned in blank or in favor of the Pledgee or any nominee or nominees of the
Pledgee or a sub-agent appointed by the Pledgee.

                  5. VOTING, ETC., WHILE NO EVENT OF DEFAULT OR SPECIFIED
DEFAULT. Unless and until there shall have occurred and be continuing any
Event of Default under the Credit Agreement or a Default under Section 10.01
or 10.05 of the Credit Agreement (each such Default, a "Specified Default"),
each Pledgor shall be entitled to exercise any and all voting and other
consensual rights pertaining to the Collateral owned by it, and to give
consents, waivers or ratifications in respect thereof; provided that, in each
case, no vote shall be cast or any consent, waiver or ratification given or
any action taken or omitted to be taken which would violate, result in a
breach of any covenant contained in, or be inconsistent with any of the terms
of any Secured Debt Agreement, or which could reasonably be expected to have
the effect of impairing the value of the Collateral or any part thereof or the
position or interests of the Pledgee or any other Secured Creditor in the
Collateral, unless expressly permitted by the terms of the Secured Debt
Agreements. All such rights of each Pledgor to vote and to give consents,
waivers and ratifications shall cease in case an Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, and Section 7 hereof shall become applicable.

                  6. DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS. Unless and until there
shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default, all cash dividends,
cash distributions, cash Proceeds and other cash amounts payable in respect of
the Collateral shall be paid to the respective Pledgor. The Pledgee shall be
entitled to receive directly, and to retain as part of the Collateral:

                  (i) all other or additional stock, notes, certificates,
     limited liability company interests, partnership interests, instruments
     or other securities or property (including, but not limited to, cash
     dividends other than as set forth above) paid or distributed by way of
     dividend or otherwise in respect of the Collateral;

                  (ii) all other or additional stock, notes, certificates,
     limited liability company interests, partnership interests, instruments
     or other securities or property (including, but not limited to, cash
     (although such cash may be paid directly to the respective Pledgor so
     long as no Event of Default then exists)) paid or distributed in respect
     of the Collateral by way of stock-split, spin-off, split-up,
     reclassification, combination of shares or similar rearrangement; and

                  (iii) all other or additional stock, notes, certificates,
     limited liability company interests, partnership interests, instruments
     or other securities or property (including, but not limited to, cash)
     which may be paid in respect of the Collateral by reason of any
     consolidation, merger, exchange of stock, conveyance of assets,
     liquidation or similar corporate or other reorganization.

Nothing contained in this Section 6 shall limit or restrict in any way the
Pledgee's right to receive the proceeds of the Collateral in any form in
accordance with Section 3 of this Agreement. All dividends, distributions or
other payments which are received by any Pledgor contrary to the provisions of
this Section 6 or Section 7 hereof shall be received in trust for the benefit
of the Pledgee, shall be segregated from other property or funds of such
Pledgor and shall be forthwith paid over to the Pledgee as Collateral in the
same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement).

                  7. REMEDIES IN CASE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT OR A SPECIFIED
DEFAULT. (a) If there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of
Default, then and in every such case, the Pledgee shall be entitled to
exercise all of the rights, powers and remedies (whether vested in it by this
Agreement, any other Secured Debt Agreement or by law) for the protection and
enforcement of its rights in respect of the Collateral, and the Pledgee shall
be entitled to exercise all the rights and remedies of a secured party under
the UCC as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction and also shall be entitled,
without limitation, to exercise the following rights, which each Pledgor
hereby agrees to be commercially reasonable:

                  (i) to receive all amounts payable in respect of the
     Collateral otherwise payable under Section 6 hereof to the respective
     Pledgor;

                  (ii) to transfer all or any part of the Collateral into the
     Pledgee's name or the name of its nominee or nominees;

                  (iii) to accelerate any Pledged Note which may be
     accelerated in accordance with its terms, and take any other lawful
     action to collect upon any Pledged Note (including, without limitation,
     to make any demand for payment thereon);

                  (iv) to vote (and exercise all rights and powers in respect
     of voting) all or any part of the Collateral (whether or not transferred
     into the name of the Pledgee) and give all consents, waivers and
     ratifications in respect of the Collateral and otherwise act with respect
     thereto as though it were the outright owner thereof (each Pledgor hereby
     irrevocably constituting and appointing the Pledgee the proxy and
     attorney-in-fact of such Pledgor, with full power of substitution to do
     so);

                  (v) at any time and from time to time to sell, assign and
     deliver, or grant options to purchase, all or any part of the Collateral,
     or any interest therein, at any public or private sale, without demand of
     performance, advertisement or, notice of intention to sell or of the time
     or place of sale or adjournment thereof or to redeem or otherwise
     purchase or dispose (all of which are hereby waived by each Pledgor), for
     cash, on credit or for other property, for immediate or future delivery
     without any assumption of credit risk, and for such price or prices and
     on such terms as the Pledgee in its absolute discretion may determine,
     provided at least 10 days' written notice of the time and place of any
     such sale shall be given to the respective Pledgor. The Pledgee shall not
     be obligated to make any such sale of Collateral regardless of whether
     any such notice of sale has theretofore been given. Each Pledgor hereby
     waives and releases to the fullest extent permitted by law any right or
     equity of redemption with respect to the Collateral, whether before or
     after sale hereunder, and all rights, if any, of marshalling the
     Collateral and any other security or the Obligations or otherwise. At any
     such sale, unless prohibited by applicable law, the Pledgee on behalf of
     the Secured Creditors may bid for and purchase all or any part of the
     Collateral so sold free from any such right or equity of redemption.
     Neither the Pledgee nor any other Secured Creditor shall be liable for
     failure to collect or realize upon any or all of the Collateral or for
     any delay in so doing nor shall any of them be under any obligation to
     take any action whatsoever with regard thereto; and

                  (vi) to set off any and all Collateral against any and all
     Obligations, and to withdraw any and all cash or other Collateral from
     any and all Collateral Accounts and to apply such cash and other
     Collateral to the payment of any and all Obligations.

                  (b) If there shall have occurred and be continuing a
Specified Default, then and in every such case, the Pledgee shall be entitled
to vote (and exercise all rights and powers in respect of voting) all or any
part of the Collateral (whether or not transferred into the name of the
Pledgee) and give all consents, waivers and ratifications in respect of the
Collateral and otherwise act with respect thereto as though it were the
outright owner thereof (each Pledgor hereby irrevocably constituting and
appointing the Pledgee the proxy and attorney-in-fact of such Pledgor, with
full power of substitution to do so).

                  8. REMEDIES, CUMULATIVE, ETC. Each and every right, power
and remedy of the Pledgee provided for in this Agreement or in any other
Secured Debt Agreement, or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by
statute shall be cumulative and concurrent and shall be in addition to every
other such right, power or remedy. The exercise or beginning of the exercise
by the Pledgee or any other Secured Creditor of any one or more of the rights,
powers or remedies provided for in this Agreement or any other Secured Debt
Agreement or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or
otherwise shall not preclude the simultaneous or later exercise by the Pledgee
or any other Secured Creditor of all such other rights, powers or remedies,
and no failure or delay on the part of the Pledgee or any other Secured
Creditor to exercise any such right, power or remedy shall operate as a waiver
thereof. No notice to or demand on any Pledgor in any case shall entitle it to
any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or
constitute a waiver of any of the rights of the Pledgee or any other Secured
Creditor to any other or further action in any circumstances without notice or
demand. The Secured Creditors agree that this Agreement may be enforced only
by the action of the Pledgee, in each case, acting upon the instructions of
the Required Secured Creditors, and that no other Secured Creditor shall have
any right individually to seek to enforce or to enforce this Agreement or to
realize upon the security to be granted hereby, it being understood and agreed
that such rights and remedies may be exercised by the Pledgee for the benefit
of the Secured Creditors upon the terms of this Agreement and the Security
Agreement.

                  9. APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS. (a) All monies collected by the
Pledgee upon any sale or other disposition of the Collateral pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement, together with all other monies received by the
Pledgee hereunder, shall be applied in the manner provided in the Security
Agreement.

                  (b) It is understood and agreed that each Pledgor shall
remain jointly and severally liable with respect to its Obligations to the
extent of any deficiency between the amount of the proceeds of the Collateral
pledged by it hereunder and the aggregate amount of such Obligations.

                  10. PURCHASERS OF COLLATERAL. Upon any sale of the
Collateral by the Pledgee hereunder (whether by virtue of the power of sale
herein granted, pursuant to judicial process or otherwise), the receipt of the
Pledgee or the officer making such sale shall be a sufficient discharge to the
purchaser or purchasers of the Collateral so sold, and such purchaser or
purchasers shall not be obligated to see to the application of any part of the
purchase money paid over to the Pledgee or such officer or be answerable in
any way for the misapplication or nonapplication thereof.

                  11. INDEMNITY. Each Pledgor jointly and severally agrees (i)
to indemnify, reimburse and hold harmless the Pledgee and each other Secured
Creditor and their respective successors, assigns, employees, agents and
affiliates (individually an "Indemnitee", and collectively, the "Indemnitees")
from and against any and all obligations, damages, injuries, penalties,
claims, demands, losses, judgments and liabilities (including, without
limitation, liabilities for penalties) of whatsoever kind or nature, and (ii)
to reimburse each Indemnitee for all reasonable costs, expenses and
disbursements, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, in each case
arising out of or resulting from this Agreement or the exercise by any
Indemnitee of any right or remedy granted to it hereunder or under any other
Secured Debt Agreement (but excluding any obligations, damages, injuries,
penalties, claims, demands, losses, judgments and liabilities (including,
without limitation, liabilities for penalties) or expenses of whatsoever kind
or nature to the extent incurred or arising by reason of gross negligence or
willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision)). In no event shall the
Pledgee hereunder be liable, in the absence of gross negligence or willful
misconduct on its part (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in
a final and non-appealable decision), for any matter or thing in connection
with this Agreement other than to account for monies or other property
actually received by it in accordance with the terms hereof. If and to the
extent that the obligations of any Pledgor under this Section 11 are
unenforceable for any reason, such Pledgor hereby agrees to make the maximum
contribution to the payment and satisfaction of such obligations which is
permissible under applicable law. The indemnity obligations of each Pledgor
contained in this Section 11 shall continue in full force and effect
notwithstanding the full payment of all the Notes issued under the Credit
Agreement, the termination of all Interest Rate Protection Agreements and
Other Hedging Agreements and Letters of Credit, and the payment of all other
Obligations and notwithstanding the discharge thereof.

                  12. PLEDGEE NOT A PARTNER OR LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
MEMBER. (a) Nothing herein shall be construed to make the Pledgee or any other
Secured Creditor liable as a member of any limited liability company or as a
partner of any partnership and neither the Pledgee nor any other Secured
Creditor by virtue of this Agreement or otherwise (except as referred to in
the following sentence) shall have any of the duties, obligations or
liabilities of a member of any limited liability company or as a partner in
any partnership. The parties hereto expressly agree that, unless the Pledgee
shall become the absolute owner of Collateral consisting of a Limited
Liability Company Interest or a Partnership Interest pursuant hereto, this
Agreement shall not be construed as creating a partnership or joint venture
among the Pledgee, any other Secured Creditor, any Pledgor and/or any other
Person.

                  (b) Except as provided in the last sentence of paragraph (a)
of this Section 12, the Pledgee, by accepting this Agreement, did not intend
to become a member of any limited liability company or a partner of any
partnership or otherwise be deemed to be a co-venturer with respect to any
Pledgor, any limited liability company, partnership and/or any other Person
either before or after an Event of Default shall have occurred. The Pledgee
shall have only those powers set forth herein and the Secured Creditors shall
assume none of the duties, obligations or liabilities of a member of any
limited liability company or as a partner of any partnership or any Pledgor
except as provided in the last sentence of paragraph (a) of this Section 12.

                  (c) The Pledgee and the other Secured Creditors shall not be
obligated to perform or discharge any obligation of any Pledgor as a result of
the pledge hereby effected.

                  (d) The acceptance by the Pledgee of this Agreement, with
all the rights, powers, privileges and authority so created, shall not at any
time or in any event obligate the Pledgee or any other Secured Creditor to
appear in or defend any action or proceeding relating to the Collateral to
which it is not a party, or to take any action hereunder or thereunder, or to
expend any money or incur any expenses or perform or discharge any obligation,
duty or liability under the Collateral.

                  13. FURTHER ASSURANCES; POWER-OF-ATTORNEY. (a) Each Pledgor
agrees that it will join with the Pledgee in executing and, at such Pledgor's
own expense, file and refile under the UCC or other applicable law such
financing statements, continuation statements and other documents, in form
reasonably acceptable to the Pledgee, in such filing offices as the Pledgee
(acting on its own or on the instructions of the Required Secured Creditors)
may reasonably deem necessary or appropriate and wherever required or
permitted by law in order to perfect and preserve the Pledgee's security
interest in the Collateral hereunder and hereby authorizes the Pledgee to file
financing statements and amendments thereto relative to all or any part of the
Collateral (including, without limitation, (x) financing statements which list
the Collateral specifically and/or "all assets" as collateral and (y) "in lieu
of" financing statements) without the signature of such Pledgor where
permitted by law, and agrees to do such further acts and to execute and
deliver to the Pledgee such additional conveyances, assignments, agreements
and instruments as the Pledgee may reasonably require or deem advisable to
carry into effect the purposes of this Agreement or to further assure and
confirm unto the Pledgee its rights, powers and remedies hereunder or
thereunder.

                  (b) Each Pledgor hereby constitutes and appoints the Pledgee
its true and lawful attorney-in-fact, irrevocably, with full authority in the
place and stead of such Pledgor and in the name of such Pledgor or otherwise,
from time to time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event
of Default, in the Pledgee's discretion, to act, require, demand, receive and
give acquittance for any and all monies and claims for monies due or to become
due to such Pledgor under or arising out of the Collateral, to endorse any
checks or other instruments or orders in connection therewith and to file any
claims or take any action or institute any proceedings and to execute any
instrument which the Pledgee may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the
purposes of this Agreement, which appointment as attorney is coupled with an
interest.

                  14. THE PLEDGEE AS FIRST-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT. The Pledgee
will hold in accordance with this Agreement all items of the Collateral at any
time received under this Agreement. It is expressly understood, acknowledged
and agreed by each Secured Creditor that by accepting the benefits of this
Agreement each such Secured Creditor acknowledges and agrees that the
obligations of the Pledgee as holder of the Collateral and interests therein
and with respect to the disposition thereof, and otherwise under this
Agreement, are only those expressly set forth in this Agreement and in Section
12 of the Credit Agreement. The Pledgee shall act hereunder on the terms and
conditions set forth herein and in Section 12 of the Credit Agreement.

                  15. TRANSFER BY THE PLEDGORS. Except as permitted (i) prior
to the date all Credit Document Obligations have been paid in full and all
Commitments under the Credit Agreement have been terminated, pursuant to the
Credit Agreement, and (ii) thereafter, pursuant to the other Secured Debt
Agreements, no Pledgor will sell or otherwise dispose of, grant any option
with respect to, or mortgage, pledge or otherwise encumber any of the
Collateral or any interest therein.

                  16. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE
PLEDGORS. (a) Each Pledgor represents, warrants and covenants as to itself and
each of its Subsidiaries that:

                  (i) it is the legal, beneficial and record owner of, and has
     good and marketable title to, all of its Collateral consisting of one or
     more Securities, Partnership Interests and Limited Liability Company
     Interests and that it has sufficient interest in all of its Collateral in
     which a security interest is purported to be created hereunder for such
     security interest to attach (subject, in each case, to no pledge, lien,
     mortgage, hypothecation, security interest, charge, option, Adverse Claim
     or other encumbrance whatsoever, except the liens and security interests
     created by this Agreement or permitted under the Secured Debt
     Agreements);

                  (ii) it has full power, authority and legal right to pledge
     all the Collateral pledged by it pursuant to this Agreement;

                  (iii) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and
     delivered by such Pledgor and constitutes a legal, valid and binding
     obligation of such Pledgor enforceable against such Pledgor in accordance
     with its terms, except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may
     be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
     moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally
     and by general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is
     sought in equity or at law);

                  (iv) except to the extent already obtained or made, no
     consent of any other party (including, without limitation, any
     stockholder, partner, member or creditor of such Pledgor or any of its
     Subsidiaries) and no consent, license, permit, approval or authorization
     of, exemption by, notice or report to, or registration, filing or
     declaration with, any governmental authority is required to be obtained
     by such Pledgor in connection with (a) the execution, delivery or
     performance of this Agreement by such Pledgor, (b) the validity or
     enforceability of this Agreement against such Pledgor (except as set
     forth in clause (iii) above), (c) the perfection or enforceability of the
     Pledgee's security interest in such Pledgor's Collateral or (d) except
     for compliance with or as may be required by applicable securities laws,
     the exercise by the Pledgee of any of its rights or remedies provided
     herein;

                  (v) neither the execution, delivery or performance by such
     Pledgor of this Agreement, or any other Secured Debt Agreement to which
     it is a party, nor compliance by it with the terms and provisions hereof
     and thereof nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated
     therein: (i) will contravene any provision of any applicable law,
     statute, rule or regulation, or any applicable order, writ, injunction or
     decree of any court, arbitrator or governmental instrumentality, domestic
     or foreign, applicable to such Pledgor; (ii) will conflict or be
     inconsistent with or result in any breach of any of the terms, covenants,
     conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in
     the creation or imposition of (or the obligation to create or impose) any
     Lien (except pursuant to the Security Documents) upon any of the
     properties or assets of such Pledgor or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant
     to the terms of any indenture, material lease, material mortgage,
     material deed of trust, credit agreement, loan agreement or any other
     material agreement, contract or other instrument to which such Pledgor or
     any of its Subsidiaries is a party or is otherwise bound, or by which it
     or any of its properties or assets is bound or to which it may be
     subject; or (iii) will violate any provision of the certificate of
     incorporation, by-laws, certificate of partnership, partnership
     agreement, certificate of formation or limited liability company
     agreement (or equivalent organizational documents), as the case may be,
     of such Pledgor or any of its Subsidiaries;

                  (vi) all of such Pledgor's Collateral (consisting of
     Securities, Limited Liability Company Interests and Partnership
     Interests) has been duly and validly issued, is fully paid and
     non-assessable and is subject to no options to purchase or similar
     rights;

                  (vii) each of such Pledgor's Pledged Notes constitutes, or
     when executed by the obligor thereof will constitute, the legal, valid
     and binding obligation of such obligor, enforceable in accordance with
     its terms, except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be
     limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
     or other similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and by
     general equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought
     in equity or at law);

                  (viii) the pledge, collateral assignment and delivery to the
     Pledgee of such Pledgor's Collateral consisting of Certificated
     Securities and Pledged Notes pursuant to this Agreement creates a valid
     and perfected first priority security interest in such Certificated
     Securities and Pledged Notes, and the proceeds thereof, subject to no
     prior Lien or encumbrance or to any agreement purporting to grant to any
     third party a Lien or encumbrance on the property or assets of such
     Pledgor which would include the Securities (other than the liens and
     security interests permitted under the Secured Debt Agreements then in
     effect) and the Pledgee is entitled to all the rights, priorities and
     benefits afforded by the UCC or other relevant law as enacted in any
     relevant jurisdiction to perfect security interests in respect of such
     Collateral; and

                  (ix) "control" (as defined in Section 8-106 of the UCC) has
     been obtained by the Pledgee over all of such Pledgor's Collateral
     consisting of Securities (including, without limitation, Notes which are
     Securities) with respect to which such "control" may be obtained pursuant
     to Section 8-106 of the UCC, except to the extent that the obligation of
     the applicable Pledgor to provide the Pledgee with "control" of such
     Collateral has not yet arisen under this Agreement; provided that in the
     case of the Pledgee obtaining "control" over Collateral consisting of a
     Security Entitlement, such Pledgor shall have taken all steps in its
     control so that the Pledgee obtains "control" over such Security
     Entitlement.

                  (b) Each Pledgor covenants and agrees that it will defend
the Pledgee's right, title and security interest in and to such Pledgor's
Collateral and the proceeds thereof against the claims and demands of all
persons whomsoever; and each Pledgor covenants and agrees that it will have
like title to and right to pledge any other property at any time hereafter
pledged to the Pledgee by such Pledgor as Collateral hereunder and will
likewise defend the right thereto and security interest therein of the Pledgee
and the other Secured Creditors.

                  (c) Each Pledgor covenants and agrees that it will take no
action which would violate any of the terms of any Secured Debt Agreement.

                  (d) Each Pledgor hereby authorizes the First-Lien Collateral
Agent to make duplicate filings as if such Pledgor is a Transmitting Utility,
or alternatively, as if such Pledgor is a Person which is not a Transmitting
Utility.

                  17. LEGAL NAMES; TYPE OF ORGANIZATION (AND WHETHER A
REGISTERED ORGANIZATION); JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION; LOCATION;
ORGANIZATIONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS; CHANGES THERETO; ETC. The exact legal
name of each Pledgor, the type of organization of such Pledgor, whether or not
such Pledgor is a Registered Organization, the jurisdiction of organization of
such Pledgor, such Pledgor's Location, the organizational identification
number (if any) of each Pledgor is listed on Annex A hereto for such Pledgor.
No Pledgor shall change its legal name, its type of organization, its status
as a Registered Organization (in the case of a Registered Organization), its
jurisdiction of organization, its Location, or its organizational
identification number (if any), except that any such changes shall be
permitted (so long as not in violation of the applicable requirements of the
Secured Debt Agreements and so long as same do not involve (x) a Registered
Organization ceasing to constitute same or (y) any Pledgor changing its
jurisdiction of organization or Location from the United States or a State
thereof to a jurisdiction of organization or Location, as the case may be,
outside the United States or a State thereof) if (i) it shall have given to
the First-Lien Collateral Agent not less than 15 days' prior written notice of
each change to the information listed on Annex A (as adjusted for any
subsequent changes thereto previously made in accordance with this sentence),
together with a supplement to Annex A which shall correct all information
contained therein for such Pledgor, and (ii) in connection with the respective
such change or changes, it shall have taken all action reasonably requested by
the First-Lien Collateral Agent to maintain the security interests of the
First-Lien Collateral Agent in the Collateral intended to be granted hereby at
all times fully perfected and in full force and effect. In addition, to the
extent that any Pledgor does not have an organizational identification number
on the date hereof and later obtains one, such Pledgor shall promptly
thereafter deliver a notification of the First-Lien Collateral Agent of such
organizational identification number and shall take all actions reasonably
satisfactory to the First-Lien Collateral Agent to the extent necessary to
maintain the security interest of the First-Lien Collateral Agent in the
Collateral intended to be granted hereby fully perfected and in full force and
effect.

                  18. PLEDGORS' OBLIGATIONS ABSOLUTE, ETC. The obligations of
each Pledgor under this Agreement shall be absolute and unconditional and
shall remain in full force and effect without regard to, and shall not be
released, suspended, discharged, terminated or otherwise affected by, any
circumstance or occurrence whatsoever (other than termination of this
Agreement pursuant to Section 20 hereof), including, without limitation:

                  (i) any renewal, extension, amendment or modification of, or
     addition or supplement to or deletion from any Secured Debt Agreement
     (other than this Agreement in accordance with its terms), or any other
     instrument or agreement referred to therein, or any assignment or
     transfer of any thereof;

                  (ii) any waiver, consent, extension, indulgence or other
     action or inaction under or in respect of any such agreement or
     instrument including, without limitation, this Agreement (other than a
     waiver, consent or extension with respect to this Agreement in accordance
     with its terms);

                  (iii) any furnishing of any additional security to the
     Pledgee or its assignee or any acceptance thereof or any release of any
     security by the Pledgee or its assignee;

                  (iv) any limitation on any party's liability or obligations
     under any such instrument or agreement or any invalidity or
     unenforceability, in whole or in part, of any such instrument or
     agreement or any term thereof; or

                  (v) any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, composition,
     adjustment, dissolution, liquidation or other like proceeding relating to
     any Pledgor or any Subsidiary of any Pledgor, or any action taken with
     respect to this Agreement by any trustee or receiver, or by any court, in
     any such proceeding, whether or not such Pledgor shall have notice or
     knowledge of any of the foregoing.

                  19. SALE OF COLLATERAL WITHOUT REGISTRATION. (a) If an Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and any Pledgor shall have
received from the Pledgee a written request or requests that such Pledgor
cause any registration, qualification or compliance under any federal or state
securities law or laws to be effected with respect to all or any part of the
Collateral consisting of Securities, Limited Liability Company Interests or
Partnership Interests, such Pledgor as soon as practicable and at its expense
will use its best efforts to cause such registration to be effected (and be
kept effective) and will use its best efforts to cause such qualification and
compliance to be effected (and be kept effective) as may be so requested and
as would permit or facilitate the sale and distribution of such Collateral
consisting of Securities, Limited Liability Company Interests or Partnership
Interests, including, without limitation, registration under the Securities
Act, as then in effect (or any similar statute then in effect), appropriate
qualifications under applicable blue sky or other state securities laws and
appropriate compliance with any other governmental requirements; provided,
that the Pledgee shall furnish to such Pledgor such information regarding the
Pledgee as such Pledgor may request in writing and as shall be required in
connection with any such registration, qualification or compliance. Each
Pledgor will cause the Pledgee to be kept reasonably advised in writing as to
the progress of each such registration, qualification or compliance and as to
the completion thereof, will furnish to the Pledgee such number of
prospectuses, offering circulars and other documents incident thereto as the
Pledgee from time to time may reasonably request, and will indemnify, to the
extent permitted by law, the Pledgee and all other Secured Creditors
participating in the distribution of such Collateral consisting of Securities,
Limited Liability Company Interests or Partnership Interests against all
claims, losses, damages and liabilities caused by any untrue statement (or
alleged untrue statement) of a material fact contained therein (or in any
related registration statement, notification or the like) or by any omission
(or alleged omission) to state therein (or in any related registration
statement, notification or the like) a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, except
insofar as the same may have been caused by an untrue statement or omission
based upon information furnished in writing to such Pledgor by the Pledgee or
such other Secured Creditor expressly for use therein.

                  (b) If at any time when the Pledgee shall determine to
exercise its right to sell all or any part of the Collateral consisting of
Securities, Limited Liability Company Interests or Partnership Interests
pursuant to Section 7 hereof, and such Collateral or the part thereof to be
sold shall not, for any reason whatsoever, be effectively registered under the
Securities Act, as then in effect, the Pledgee may, in its sole and absolute
discretion, sell such Collateral or part thereof by private sale in such
manner and under such circumstances as the Pledgee may deem necessary or
advisable in order that such sale may legally be effected without such
registration. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in any such
event the Pledgee, in its sole and absolute discretion (i) may proceed to make
such private sale notwithstanding that a registration statement for the
purpose of registering such Collateral or part thereof shall have been filed
under such Securities Act, (ii) may approach and negotiate with a single
possible purchaser to effect such sale, and (iii) may restrict such sale to a
purchaser who will represent and agree that such purchaser is purchasing for
its own account, for investment, and not with a view to the distribution or
sale of such Collateral or part thereof. In the event of any such sale, the
Pledgee shall incur no responsibility or liability for selling all or any part
of the Collateral at a price which the Pledgee, in its sole and absolute
discretion, may in good faith deem reasonable under the circumstances,
notwithstanding the possibility that a substantially higher price might be
realized if the sale were deferred until the registration as aforesaid.

                  20. TERMINATION; RELEASE. (a) On the Termination Date (as
defined below), this Agreement shall terminate (provided that all indemnities
set forth herein including, without limitation, in Section 11 hereof shall
survive any such termination) and the Pledgee, at the request and expense of
such Pledgor, will execute and deliver to such Pledgor a proper instrument or
instruments (including UCC termination statements) acknowledging the
satisfaction and termination of this Agreement (including, without limitation,
UCC termination statements and instruments of satisfaction, discharge and/or
reconveyance), and will duly release from the security interest created hereby
and assign, transfer and deliver to such Pledgor (without recourse and without
any representation or warranty) such of the Collateral as may be in the
possession of the Pledgee and as has not theretofore been sold or otherwise
applied or released pursuant to this Agreement, together with any moneys at
the time held by the Pledgee or any of its sub-agents hereunder and, with
respect to any Collateral consisting of an Uncertificated Security, a
Partnership Interest or a Limited Liability Company Interest (other than an
Uncertificated Security, Partnership Interest or Limited Liability Company
Interest credited on the books of a Clearing Corporation or Securities
Intermediary), a termination of the agreement relating thereto executed and
delivered by the issuer of such Uncertificated Security pursuant to Section
3.2(a)(ii) or by the respective partnership or limited liability company
pursuant to Section 3.2(a)(iv)(2). As used in this Agreement, "Termination
Date" shall mean the date upon which the Commitments under the Credit
Agreement have been terminated and all Interest Rate Protection Agreements and
Other Hedging Agreements entitled to the benefits of this Agreement have been
terminated, no Letter of Credit or Note (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
is outstanding (and all Loans have been paid in full), all Letters of Credit
have been terminated, and all other Obligations (other than indemnities
described in Section 11 hereof and described in Section 12.06 of the Credit
Agreement, and any other indemnities set forth in any other Security
Documents, in each case which are not then due and payable) then due and
payable have been paid in full.

                  (b) In the event that any part of the Collateral is sold or
otherwise disposed of (to a Person other than a Credit Party) (x) at any time
prior to the time at which all Credit Document Obligations have been paid in
full and all Commitments and Letters of Credit under the Credit Agreement have
been terminated, in connection with a sale or disposition permitted by Section
9.02 of the Credit Agreement or is otherwise released at the direction of the
Required Lenders (or all the Lenders if required by Section 13.12 of the
Credit Agreement) or (y) at any time thereafter, to the extent permitted by
the other Secured Debt Agreements, and in the case of clauses (x) and (y), the
proceeds of such sale or disposition (or from such release) are applied in
accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement or such other Secured Debt
Agreement, as the case may be, to the extent required to be so applied, the
Pledgee, at the request and expense of such Pledgor, will duly release from
the security interest created hereby (and will execute and deliver such
documentation, including termination or partial release statements and the
like in connection therewith) and assign, transfer and deliver to such Pledgor
(without recourse and without any representation or warranty) such of the
Collateral as is then being (or has been) so sold or released and as may be in
the possession of the Pledgee (or, in the case of Collateral held by any
sub-agent designated pursuant to Section 4 hereto, such sub-agent) and has not
theretofore been released pursuant to this Agreement.

                  (c) At any time that any Pledgor desires that Collateral be
released as provided in the foregoing Section 20(a) or (b), it shall deliver
to the Pledgee (and the relevant sub-agent, if any, designated pursuant to
Section 4 hereof) a certificate signed by an authorized officer of such
Pledgor stating that the release of the respective Collateral is permitted
pursuant to Section 20(a) or (b) hereof. If reasonably requested by the
Pledgee (although the Pledgee shall have no obligation to make any such
request), the relevant Pledgor shall furnish appropriate legal opinions (from
counsel, reasonably acceptable to the Pledgee) to the effect set forth in the
immediately preceding sentence.

                  (d) The Pledgee shall have no liability whatsoever to any
other Secured Creditor as the result of any release of Collateral by it in
accordance with (or which the First-Lien Collateral Agent in the absence of
gross negligence and willful misconduct believes to be in accordance with)
this Section 20.

                  21. NOTICES, ETC. Except as otherwise specified herein, all
notices, requests, demands or other communications to or upon the respective
parties hereto shall be sent or delivered by mail, telegraph, telex, telecopy,
cable or courier service and all such notices and communications shall, when
mailed, telegraphed, telexed, telecopied, or cabled or sent by courier, be
effective when deposited in the mails, delivered to the telegraph company,
cable company or overnight courier, as the case may be, or sent by telex or
telecopier, except that notices and communications to the Pledgee or any
Pledgor shall not be effective until received by the Pledgee or such Pledgor,
as the case may be. All notices and other communications shall be in writing
and addressed as follows:

                  (a) if to any Pledgor, at its address set forth opposite its
signature below;

                  (b) if to the Pledgee, at:

                           60 Wall Street
                           New York, New York 10005
                           Attention:  Alexander Richarz
                           Telephone No.:  (212) 250-6142
                           Telecopier No.: (212) 797-5692

                  (c) if to any Lender Creditor, either (x) to the
Administrative Agent, at the address of the Administrative Agent specified in
the Credit Agreement, or (y) at such address as such Lender Creditor shall
have specified in the Credit Agreement;

                  (d) if to any Other Creditor, at such address as such Other
Creditor shall have specified in writing to the Pledgors and the Pledgee;

or at such other address or addressed to such other individual as shall have
been furnished in writing by any Person described above to the party required
to give notice hereunder.

                  22. WAIVER; AMENDMENT. Except as provided in Sections 30 and
32 hereof, none of the terms and conditions of this Agreement may be changed,
waived, modified or varied in any manner whatsoever except in accordance with
the requirements specified in the Security Agreement.

                  23. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall create a
continuing security interest in the Collateral and shall (i) remain in full
force and effect, subject to release and/or termination as set forth in
Section 20, (ii) be binding upon each Pledgor, its successors and assigns;
provided, however, that no Pledgor shall assign any of its rights or
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Pledgee (with
the prior written consent of the Required Secured Creditors), and (iii) inure,
together with the rights and remedies of the Pledgee hereunder, to the benefit
of the Pledgee, the other Secured Creditors and their respective successors,
transferees and assigns. All agreements, statements, representations and
warranties made by each Pledgor herein or in any certificate or other
instrument delivered by such Pledgor or on its behalf under this Agreement
shall be considered to have been relied upon by the Secured Creditors and
shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other
Secured Debt Agreements regardless of any investigation made by the Secured
Creditors or on their behalf.

                  24. HEADINGS DESCRIPTIVE. The headings of the several
Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not in
any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

                  25. GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE; WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL. (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE
PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE
LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
YORK, IN EACH CASE WHICH ARE LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK, AND, BY
EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY, THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. EACH
PLEDGOR HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH COURTS LACK
PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER SUCH PLEDGOR, AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN
ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER
CREDIT DOCUMENT BROUGHT IN ANY OF THE AFORESAID COURTS THAT ANY SUCH COURT
LACKS PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER SUCH PLEDGOR. EACH PLEDGOR FURTHER
IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE
AFOREMENTIONED COURTS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF
COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO ANY SUCH
PLEDGOR AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 21 ABOVE, SUCH
SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE 30 DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING. EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS AND FURTHER
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING COMMENCED HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT THAT SUCH
SERVICE OF PROCESS WAS IN ANY WAY INVALID OR INEFFECTIVE. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL
AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE PLEDGEE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY SECURED CREDITOR,
TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST ANY PLEDGOR IN ANY OTHER
JURISDICTION.

                  (b) EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION
WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY OF THE
AFORESAID ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT BROUGHT IN THE COURTS REFERRED TO IN
CLAUSE (a) ABOVE AND HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD
OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY
SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

                  (c) EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS OR
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

                  26. PLEDGOR'S DUTIES. It is expressly agreed, anything
herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, that each Pledgor shall
remain liable to perform all of the obligations, if any, assumed by it with
respect to the Collateral and the Pledgee shall not have any obligations or
liabilities with respect to any Collateral by reason of or arising out of this
Agreement, except for the safekeeping of Collateral actually in Pledgor's
possession, nor shall the Pledgee be required or obligated in any manner to
perform or fulfill any of the obligations of any Pledgor under or with respect
to any Collateral.

                  27. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an
original, but all of which shall together constitute one and the same
instrument. A set of counterparts executed by all the parties hereto shall be
lodged with each Pledgor and the Pledgee.

                  28. SEVERABILITY. Any provision of this Agreement which is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any
such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate
or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

                  29. RECOURSE. This Agreement is made with full recourse to
each Pledgor and pursuant to and upon all the representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements on the part of such Pledgor contained herein and in
the other Secured Debt Agreements and otherwise in writing in connection
herewith or therewith.

                  30. ADDITIONAL PLEDGORS. It is understood and agreed that
any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is required to become a party to this
Agreement after the date hereof pursuant to the requirements of the Credit
Agreement or any other Credit Document, shall become a Pledgor hereunder by
(x) executing a counterpart hereof and delivering same to the Pledgee, (y)
delivering supplements to Annexes A through G, hereto as are necessary to
cause such annexes to be complete and accurate with respect to such additional
Pledgor on such date and (z) taking all actions as specified in this Agreement
as would have been taken by such Pledgor had it been an original party to this
Agreement, in each case with all documents required above to be delivered to
the Pledgee and with all documents and actions required above to be taken to
the reasonable satisfaction of the Pledgee.

                  31. LIMITED OBLIGATIONS. It is the desire and intent of each
Pledgor and the Secured Creditors that this Agreement shall be enforced
against each Pledgor to the fullest extent permissible under the laws applied
in each jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, in furtherance of the foregoing, it is noted
that the obligations of each Pledgor constituting a Subsidiary Guarantor have
been limited as provided in the Subsidiaries Guaranty.

                  32. RELEASE OF PLEDGORS. If at any time all of the Equity
Interests of any Pledgor owned by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are
sold (to a Person other than a Credit Party) in a transaction permitted
pursuant to the Credit Agreement (and which does not violate the terms of any
other Secured Debt Agreement then in effect), then, such Pledgor shall be
released as a Pledgor pursuant to this Agreement without any further action
hereunder (it being understood that the sale of all of the Equity Interests in
any Person that owns, directly or indirectly, all of the Equity Interests in
any Pledgor shall be deemed to be a sale of all of the Equity Interests in
such Pledgor for purposes of this Section), and the Pledgee is authorized and
directed to execute and deliver such instruments of release as are reasonably
satisfactory to it. At any time that the Borrower desires that a Pledgor be
released from this Agreement as provided in this Section 32, the Borrower
shall deliver to the Pledgee a certificate signed by a principal executive
officer of the Borrower stating that the release of such Pledgor is permitted
pursuant to this Section 32. If requested by Pledgee (although the Pledgee
shall have no obligation to make any such request), the Borrower shall furnish
legal opinions (from counsel acceptable to the Pledgee) to the effect set
forth in the immediately preceding sentence. The Pledgee shall have no
liability whatsoever to any other Secured Creditor as a result of the release
of any Pledgor by it in accordance with, or which it believes to be in
accordance with, this Section 32.

                  33. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. Each Pledgor agrees to use
commercially reasonable efforts, including taking any action which the Pledgee
and the Secured Creditors may reasonably request, to assist in obtaining any
required consent or approval of the Federal Communications Commission (the
"FCC") or any other governmental or other authority for any sale or transfer
of control of the Collateral contemplated by the security documents pursuant
to the exercise of the rights and remedies of the Pledgee and the Secured
Creditors thereunder, including, upon request, to prepare, sign and file with
the FCC the assignor's or transferor's and licensee's portions of any
applications required under the rules of the FCC for consent to the assignment
or transfer of control of any FCC construction permit, license or other
authorization.

                  Each Pledgor further consents, subject to obtaining any
necessary approvals, to the assignment or transfer of control of any FCC or
other governmental construction permit, license, or other authorization to
operate, to a receiver, trustee, or similar official or to any purchaser of
the Collateral pursuant to any public or private sale, judicial sale,
foreclosure, or exercise of other remedies available to Pledgee and the
Secured Creditors as permitted by applicable law. Notwithstanding anything
herein which may be construed to the contrary, no action shall be taken by any
of the First-Lien Collateral Agent and the Secured Creditors with respect to
any license of the FCC unless and until any applicable rules and regulations
thereunder, requiring the consent to or approval of such action by the FCC or
any governmental or other authority, have been satisfied.

                                    * * * *

<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Pledgor and the Pledgee have caused
this Agreement to be executed by their duly elected officers duly authorized
as of the date first above written.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                                           <C>
Address:                                                      RCN CORPORATION, as an Assignor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      BRAINSTORM NETWORKS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      HOT SPOTS PRODUCTIONS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      ON TV, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN-BECOCOM, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Telecom Services of Massachusetts, Inc.
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN CABLE TV OF CHICAGO, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN ENTERTAINMENT, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN FINANCE, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Corporation, its managing member
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN INTERNET SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF MASSACHUSETTS, INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF PHILADELPHIA, INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF VIRGINIA, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF WASHINGTON D.C., INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RFM 2, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Corporation, its managing member
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RLH PROPERTY CORPORATION, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      TEC AIR, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      21ST CENTURY TELECOM SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      UNET HOLDING, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                           <C>
Address:                                                      STARPOWER COMMUNICATIONS, LLC,
                                                                as a Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540
Attention: Chief Financial Officer
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              ---------------------------------------
                                                                 Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                 Title: Manager
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

Accepted and Agreed to:

DEUTSCHE BANK AG CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH,
  as First-Lien Collateral Agent


By: /s/ Alexander Richarz
   ----------------------------------
   Name:  Alexander Richarz
   Title: Vice President


By: /s/ Gregory Shefrin
   ----------------------------------
   Name:  Gregory Shefrin
   Title: Director

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                               Table of Contents
                               -----------------
                                                                                                                  Page
                                                                                                                  ----

<S>                                                                                                              <C>
1.  SECURITY FOR OBLIGATIONS......................................................................................2


2.  DEFINITIONS...................................................................................................3


3.  PLEDGE OF SECURITIES, ETC.....................................................................................7

     3.1  Pledge  ................................................................................................7

     3.2  Procedures.............................................................................................10

     3.3  Subsequently Acquired Collateral.......................................................................11

     3.4  Transfer Taxes.........................................................................................11

     3.5  Certain Representations and Warranties Regarding the Collateral........................................12


4.  APPOINTMENT OF SUB-AGENTS; ENDORSEMENTS, ETC.................................................................12


5.  VOTING, ETC., WHILE NO EVENT OF DEFAULT OR SPECIFIED DEFAULT.................................................12


6.  DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS............................................................................12


7.  REMEDIES IN CASE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT OR A SPECIFIED DEFAULT...............................................13


8.  REMEDIES, CUMULATIVE, ETC....................................................................................14


9.  APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS......................................................................................15


10.  PURCHASERS OF COLLATERAL....................................................................................15


11.  INDEMNITY...................................................................................................15


12.  PLEDGEE NOT A PARTNER OR LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY MEMBER...................................................16


13.  FURTHER ASSURANCES; POWER-OF-ATTORNEY.......................................................................16


14.  THE PLEDGEE AS FIRST-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT..................................................................17


15.  TRANSFER BY THE PLEDGORS....................................................................................17


16.  REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE PLEDGORS...................................................17


17.  LEGAL NAMES; TYPE OF ORGANIZATION (AND WHETHER A REGISTERED ORGANIZATION AND/OR A TRANSMITTING UTILITY); JURISDICTION OF
         ORGANIZATION; LOCATION; ORGANIZATIONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS; CHANGES THERETO; ETC.....................19


18.  PLEDGORS' OBLIGATIONS ABSOLUTE, ETC.........................................................................20


19.  SALE OF COLLATERAL WITHOUT REGISTRATION.....................................................................21


20.  TERMINATION; RELEASE........................................................................................22


21.  NOTICES, ETC................................................................................................23


22.  WAIVER; AMENDMENT...........................................................................................24


23.  SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS......................................................................................24


24.  HEADINGS DESCRIPTIVE........................................................................................24


25.  GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL......................................24


26.  PLEDGOR'S DUTIES............................................................................................25


27.  COUNTERPARTS................................................................................................25


28.  SEVERABILITY................................................................................................25


29.  RECOURSE....................................................................................................26


30.  ADDITIONAL PLEDGORS.........................................................................................26


31.  LIMITED OBLIGATIONS.........................................................................................26


32.  RELEASE OF PLEDGORS.........................................................................................26


33.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS........................................................................................26


ANNEX A  -........SCHEDULE OF LEGAL NAMES, TYPE OF ORGANIZATION,
                           JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION, LOCATION AND ORGANIZATIONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS
ANNEX B  -........SCHEDULE OF SUBSIDIARIES
ANNEX C  -........SCHEDULE OF STOCK
ANNEX D  -........SCHEDULE OF NOTES
ANNEX E  -........SCHEDULE OF LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS
ANNEX F  -........SCHEDULE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS
ANNEX G  -........SCHEDULE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICES
ANNEX H  -........FORM OF AGREEMENT REGARDING UNCERTIFICATED
                           SECURITIES, LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS AND PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS
</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>rcn_2ndliensubagmt.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.10 - SECOND LIEN SUBSIDIARIES GUARANTY
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 99.10

                             SUBSIDIARIES GUARANTY


         SUBSIDIARIES GUARANTY (as amended, modified, restated and/or
supplemented from time to time, this "Guaranty"), dated as of December 21,
2004, made by and among each of the undersigned guarantors (each, a "Guarantor"
and, together with any other entity that becomes a guarantor hereunder pursuant
to Section 23 hereof, collectively, the "Guarantors") in favor of HSBC Bank
USA, National Association, as collateral agent (together with any successor
collateral agent, the "Second-Lien Collateral Agent"), for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors (as defined below). Except as otherwise defined herein, all
capitalized terms used herein and defined in the Second-Lien Note Indenture (as
defined below) shall be used herein as therein defined.


                             W I T N E S S E T H :


         WHEREAS, RCN Corporation (the "Borrower") and HSBC Bank USA, National
Association, as trustee (the "Second-Lien Trustee"), have entered into an
Indenture, dated as of December 21, 2004 (as amended, modified, restated and/or
supplemented from time to time, the "Second-Lien Note Indenture"), providing
for the issuance of Notes (the "Second-Lien Notes") by the Borrower, all as
contemplated therein (the holders of Second-Lien Notes from time to time (the
"Noteholders"), the Second-Lien Trustee and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
are herein called the "Secured Creditors");

         WHEREAS, each Guarantor is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the
Borrower;

         WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the issuance of Second-Lien
Notes under the Second-Lien Note Indenture that each Guarantor shall have
executed and delivered to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent this Guaranty; and

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other benefits
accruing to each Guarantor, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, each Guarantor hereby makes the following representations and
warranties to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors and hereby covenants and agrees with each other Guarantor and the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors as
follows:

         1.    GUARANTY. (a) Each Guarantor, jointly and severally, irrevocably,
absolutely and unconditionally guarantees as a primary obligor and not merely
as surety to the Secured Creditors the full and prompt payment when due
(whether at the stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration,
acceleration, demand or otherwise) of the principal of, premium, if any, and
interest on the Second-Lien Notes issued by the Borrower under the Second-Lien
Note Indenture (including, without limitation, obligations which, but for the
automatic stay under Section 362(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, would become due)
and each other Transaction Document (each a "Second-Lien Note Document")
(including, without limitation, indemnities, Fees and interest thereon
(including, without limitation, any interest accruing after the commencement of

<PAGE>

any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar proceeding at the rate
provided for in the Second-Lien Note Indenture, whether or not such interest is
an allowed claim in any such proceeding)), whether now existing or hereafter
incurred under, arising out of or in connection with the Second-Lien Note
Indenture and any such other Second-Lien Note Document and the due performance
and compliance by the Borrower with all of the terms, conditions, covenants and
agreements contained in all such Second-Lien Note Documents (all such
principal, premium, interest, liabilities, indebtedness and obligations under
this clause (a), being herein collectively called the "Guaranteed
Obligations").

Each Guarantor understands, agrees and confirms that the Secured Creditors may
enforce this Guaranty up to the full amount of the Guaranteed Obligations
against such Guarantor without proceeding against any other Guarantor, the
Borrower, or against any security for the Guaranteed Obligations, or under any
other guaranty covering all or a portion of the Guaranteed Obligations. This
Guaranty is a guaranty of prompt payment and performance and not of collection.

         (b)   Additionally, each Guarantor, jointly and severally,
unconditionally, absolutely and irrevocably, guarantees the payment of any and
all Guaranteed Obligations whether or not due or payable by the Borrower upon
the occurrence in respect of the Borrower of any of the events specified in
Section 7.1(g) of the Second-Lien Note Indenture, and unconditionally,
absolutely and irrevocably, jointly and severally, promises to pay such
Guaranteed Obligations to the Secured Creditors, or order, on demand.

         2.    LIABILITY OF GUARANTORS ABSOLUTE. The liability of each Guarantor
hereunder is primary, absolute, joint and several, and unconditional and is
exclusive and independent of any security for or other guaranty of the
indebtedness of the Borrower whether executed by such Guarantor, any other
Guarantor, any other guarantor or by any other party, and the liability of each
Guarantor hereunder shall not be affected or impaired by any circumstance or
occurrence whatsoever, including, without limitation: (a) any direction as to
application of payment by the Borrower or any other party, (b) any other
continuing or other guaranty, undertaking or maximum liability of a Guarantor
or of any other party as to the Guaranteed Obligations, (c) any payment on or
in reduction of any such other guaranty or undertaking, (d) any dissolution,
termination or increase, decrease or change in personnel by the Borrower, (e)
the failure of the Guarantor to receive any benefit from or as a result of its
execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty, (f) any payment made to
any Secured Creditor on the indebtedness which any Secured Creditor repays the
Borrower pursuant to court order in any bankruptcy, reorganization,
arrangement, moratorium or other debtor relief proceeding, and each Guarantor
waives any right to the deferral or modification of its obligations hereunder
by reason of any such proceeding, (g) any action or inaction by the Secured
Creditors as contemplated in Section 5 hereof or (h) any invalidity,
rescission, irregularity or unenforceability of all or any part of the
Guaranteed Obligations or of any security therefor.

         3.    OBLIGATIONS OF GUARANTORS INDEPENDENT. The obligations of each
Guarantor hereunder are independent of the obligations of any other Guarantor,
any other guarantor, the Borrower, and a separate action or actions may be
brought and prosecuted against each Guarantor whether or not action is brought
against any other Guarantor, any other guarantor, the Borrower and whether or

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

not any other Guarantor, any other guarantor, the Borrower be joined in any
such action or actions. Each Guarantor waives (to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law) the benefits of any statute of limitations affecting its
liability hereunder or the enforcement thereof. Any payment by the Borrower or
other circumstance which operates to toll any statute of limitations as to the
Borrower shall operate to toll the statute of limitations as to each Guarantor.

         4.    WAIVERS BY GUARANTORS. (a) Each Guarantor hereby waives (to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law) notice of acceptance of this
Guaranty and notice of the existence, creation or incurrence of any new or
additional liability to which it may apply, and waives promptness, diligence,
presentment, demand of payment, demand for performance, protest, notice of
dishonor or nonpayment of any such liabilities, suit or taking of other action
by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any other Secured Creditor against, and
any other notice to, any party liable thereon (including such Guarantor, any
other Guarantor, any other guarantor, the Borrower) and the Guarantor further
hereby waives any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual
of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and notice or proof of reliance by any
Secured Creditor upon this Guaranty, and the Guaranteed Obligations shall
conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted or incurred, or
renewed, extended, amended, modified, supplemented or waived, in reliance upon
this Guaranty.

         (b)   Each Guarantor waives any right to require the Secured Creditors
to: (i) proceed against the Borrower, any other Guarantor, any other guarantor
of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other party; (ii) proceed against or
exhaust any security held from the Borrower, any other Guarantor, any other
guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other party; or (iii) pursue any
other remedy in the Secured Creditors' power whatsoever. Each Guarantor waives
any defense based on or arising out of any defense of the Borrower, any other
Guarantor, any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations or any other party
other than payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations, including,
without limitation, any defense based on or arising out of the disability of
the Borrower, any other Guarantor, any other guarantor of the Guaranteed
Obligations or any other party, or the unenforceability of the Guaranteed
Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or the cessation from any cause
of the liability of the Borrower other than payment in full in cash of the
Guaranteed Obligations. The Secured Creditors may, at their election, foreclose
on any collateral serving as security held by the Second-Lien Trustee, the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the other Secured Creditors by one or more
judicial or nonjudicial sales, whether or not every aspect of any such sale is
commercially reasonable (to the extent such sale is permitted by applicable
law), or exercise any other right or remedy the Secured Creditors may have
against the Borrower, or any other party, or any security, without affecting or
impairing in any way the liability of any Guarantor hereunder except to the
extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been paid in full in cash. Each
Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election by the Secured
Creditors, even though such election operates to impair or extinguish any right
of reimbursement, contribution, indemnification or subrogation or other right
or remedy of such Guarantor against the Borrower, any other guarantor of the
Guaranteed Obligations or any other party or any security.

         (c)   Each Guarantor has knowledge and assumes all responsibility for
being and keeping itself informed of the Borrower's and each other Guarantor's
financial condition, affairs and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing
upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

and extent of the risks which such Guarantor assumes and incurs hereunder, and
has adequate means to obtain from the Borrower and each other Guarantor on an
ongoing basis information relating thereto and the Borrower's and each other
Guarantor's ability to pay and perform its respective Guaranteed Obligations,
and agrees to assume the responsibility for keeping, and to keep, so informed
for so long as this Guaranty is in effect. Each Guarantor acknowledges and
agrees that (x) the Secured Creditors shall have no obligation to investigate
the financial condition or affairs of the Borrower or any other Guarantor for
the benefit of such Guarantor nor to advise such Guarantor of any fact
respecting, or any change in, the financial condition, assets or affairs of the
Borrower or any other Guarantor that might become known to any Secured Creditor
at any time, whether or not such Secured Creditor knows or believes or has
reason to know or believe that any such fact or change is unknown to such
Guarantor, or might (or does) increase the risk of such Guarantor as guarantor
hereunder, or might (or would) affect the willingness of such Guarantor to
continue as a guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations hereunder and (y) the
Secured Creditors shall have no duty to advise any Guarantor of information
known to them regarding any of the aforementioned circumstances or risks.

         (d)   Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges and affirms that it
understands that to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations are secured by Real
Property located in the State of California, such Guarantor shall be liable for
the full amount of the liability hereunder notwithstanding foreclosure on such
Real Property by trustee sale or any other reason impairing such Guarantor's or
any Secured Creditors' right to proceed against any Borrower or any other
guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations.

         (e)   Each Guarantor hereby waives (to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law) all rights and benefits under Section 580a, 580b, 580d and 726
of the California Code of Civil Procedure. Each Guarantor hereby further waives
(to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law), without limiting the
generality of the foregoing or any other provision hereof, all rights and
benefits which might otherwise be available to such Guarantor under Sections
2809, 2810, 2815, 2819, 2821, 2839, 2845, 2848, 2849, 2850, 2899 and 3433 of
the California Civil Code.

         (f)   Until the Guaranteed Obligations have been paid in full in cash,
each Guarantor waives its rights of subrogation and reimbursement and any other
rights and defenses available to such Guarantor by reason of Sections 2787 to
2855, inclusive, of the California Civil Code, including, without limitation,
(1) any defenses such Guarantor may have to this Guaranty by reason of an
election of remedies by the Secured Creditors and (2) any rights or defenses
such Guarantor may have by reason of protection afforded to any Borrower
pursuant to the antideficiency or other laws of California limiting or
discharging such Borrower's indebtedness, including, without limitation,
Section 580a, 580b, 580d or 726 of the California Code of Civil Procedure. In
furtherance of such provisions, each Guarantor hereby waives all rights and
defenses arising out of an election of remedies by the Secured Creditors, even
though that election of remedies, such as a nonjudicial foreclosure, destroys
such Guarantor's rights of subrogation and reimbursement against any Borrower
by the operation of Section 580d of the California Code of Civil Procedure or
otherwise.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

         (g)   Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges and agrees that no Secured
Creditor nor any other Person shall be under any obligation (a) to marshal any
assets in favor of the Guarantor or the obligation of the Guarantor hereunder
or (b) to pursue any other remedy that the Guarantor may or may not be able to
pursue itself any right to which the Guarantor hereby waives.

         (h)   Each Guarantor warrants and agrees that each of the waivers set
forth in Section 3 and in this Section 4 is made with full knowledge of its
significance and consequences and that if any of such waivers are determined to
be contrary to any applicable law or public policy, such waivers shall be
effective only to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

         5.    RIGHTS OF SECURED CREDITORS. Subject to Sections 4 and 14, any
Secured Creditor may (except as shall be required by applicable statute and
cannot be waived) at any time and from time to time without the consent of, or
notice to, any Guarantor, without incurring responsibility to such Guarantor,
without impairing or releasing the obligations or liabilities of such Guarantor
hereunder, upon or without any terms or conditions and in whole or in part:

         (a)   change the manner, place or terms of payment of, and/or change,
     increase or extend the time of payment of, renew, increase, accelerate or
     alter, any of the Guaranteed Obligations (including, without limitation,
     any increase or decrease in the rate of interest thereon or the principal
     amount thereof), any security therefor, or any liability incurred directly
     or indirectly in respect thereof, and the guaranty herein made shall apply
     to the Guaranteed Obligations as so changed, extended, increased,
     accelerated, renewed or altered;

         (b)   take and hold security for the payment of the Guaranteed
     Obligations and sell, exchange, release, surrender, impair, realize upon
     or otherwise deal with in any manner and in any order any property or
     other collateral by whomsoever at any time pledged or mortgaged to secure,
     or howsoever securing, the Guaranteed Obligations or any liabilities
     (including any of those hereunder) incurred directly or indirectly in
     respect thereof or hereof, and/or any offset thereagainst;

         (c)   exercise or refrain from exercising any rights against the
     Borrower, any other Guarantor (together with the Borrower, each a "Credit
     Party"), any Subsidiary thereof, any other guarantor of the Borrower or
     others or otherwise act or refrain from acting;

         (d)   release or substitute any one or more endorsers, Guarantors,
     other guarantors, the Borrower, or other obligors;

         (e)   settle or compromise any of the Guaranteed Obligations, any
     security therefor or any liability (including any of those hereunder)
     incurred directly or indirectly in respect thereof or hereof, and may
     subordinate the payment of all or any part thereof to the payment of any
     liability (whether due or not) of the Borrower to creditors of the
     Borrower other than the Secured Creditors;

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

         (f)   apply any sums by whomsoever paid or howsoever realized to any
     liability or liabilities of the Borrower to the Secured Creditors
     regardless of what liabilities of the Borrower remain unpaid;

         (g)   act or fail to act in any manner which may deprive such Guarantor
     of its right to subrogation against the Borrower to recover full indemnity
     for any payments made pursuant to this Guaranty; and/or

         (h)   take any other action or omit to take any other action which
     would, under otherwise applicable principles of common law, give rise to a
     legal or equitable discharge of such Guarantor from its liabilities under
     this Guaranty (including, without limitation, any action or omission
     whatsoever that might otherwise vary the risk of the Guarantor or
     constitute a legal or equitable defense to or discharge of the liabilities
     of a guarantor or surety or that might otherwise limit recourse against
     the Guarantor).

No invalidity, illegality, irregularity or unenforceability of all or any part
of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Second-Lien Note Documents or any other
agreement or instrument relating to the Guaranteed Obligations or of any
security or guarantee therefor shall affect, impair or be a defense to this
Guaranty, and this Guaranty shall be primary, absolute and unconditional
notwithstanding the occurrence of any event or the existence of any other
circumstances which might constitute a legal or equitable discharge of a surety
or guarantor except payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations.

         6.    CONTINUING GUARANTY. This Guaranty is a continuing one and all
liabilities to which it applies or may apply under the terms hereof shall be
conclusively presumed to have been created in reliance hereon. No failure or
delay on the part of any Secured Creditor in exercising any right, power or
privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or
partial exercise of any right, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
privilege. The rights and remedies herein expressly specified are cumulative
and not exclusive of any rights or remedies which any Secured Creditor would
otherwise have. No notice to or demand on any Guarantor in any case shall
entitle such Guarantor to any other further notice or demand in similar or
other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of any Secured
Creditor to any other or further action in any circumstances without notice or
demand. It is not necessary for any Secured Creditor to inquire into the
capacity or powers of the Borrower or the officers, directors, partners or
agents acting or purporting to act on its or their behalf, and any indebtedness
made or created in reliance upon the professed exercise of such powers shall be
guaranteed hereunder.

         7.    SUBORDINATION OF INDEBTEDNESS HELD BY GUARANTORS. Any
indebtedness of the Borrower now or hereafter held by any Guarantor is hereby
subordinated to the indebtedness of the Borrower to the Secured Creditors; and
such indebtedness of the Borrower to any Guarantor, if the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent or the Second-Lien Trustee (at written direction of the
Noteholders) so requests after an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, shall be collected, enforced and received by such Guarantor as
trustee for the Secured Creditors and be paid over to the Secured Creditors on
account of the indebtedness of the Borrower to the Secured Creditors, but
without affecting or impairing in any manner the liability of such Guarantor
under the other

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

provisions of this Guaranty. Prior to the transfer by any Guarantor of any note
or negotiable instrument evidencing any indebtedness of the Borrower to such
Guarantor, such Guarantor shall mark such note or negotiable instrument with a
legend that the same is subject to this subordination. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor hereby agrees with the Secured
Creditors that it will not exercise any right of subrogation which it may at
any time otherwise have as a result of this Guaranty (whether contractual,
under Section 509 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise) until all Guaranteed
Obligations have been irrevocably paid in full in cash; provided, that if any
amount shall be paid to the Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at
any time prior to the irrevocable payment in full in cash of all the Guaranteed
Obligations, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Creditors to be credited
and applied upon the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured, in
accordance with the terms of the Second-Lien Note Documents or, if the
Second-Lien Note Documents do not provide for the application of such amount,
to be held by the Secured Creditors as collateral security for any Guaranteed
Obligations thereafter existing.

         8.   GUARANTY ENFORCEABLE BY SECOND-LIEN TRUSTEE OR SECOND-LIEN
COLLATERAL AGENT. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere
in this Guaranty, the Secured Creditors agree (by their acceptance of the
benefits of this Guaranty) that this Guaranty may be enforced only by the
action of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the Second-Lien Trustee, in each
case acting upon the written instructions of the Noteholders holding a majority
in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes under the Second-Lien
Note Indenture (the "Majority Noteholders") and that no other Secured Creditor
shall have any right individually to seek to enforce or to enforce this
Guaranty or to realize upon the security to be granted by the Security
Documents, it being understood and agreed that such rights and remedies may be
exercised by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the Second-Lien Trustee for
the benefit of the Secured Creditors upon the terms of this Guaranty and the
Security Documents. The Secured Creditors further agree that this Guaranty may
not be enforced against any director, officer, employee, partner, member or
stockholder of any Guarantor (except to the extent such partner, member or
stockholder is also a Guarantor hereunder). It is understood and agreed that
the agreement in this Section 8 is among and solely for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors and that, if the Majority Noteholders so agree (without
requiring the consent of any Guarantor), this Guaranty may be directly enforced
by any Secured Creditor.

         9.    SUBORDINATION OF RCN INTERNATIONAL GUARANTY.

         (a)   Guaranteed Obligations Subordinated to Guarantor Senior Debt.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Guaranty or in any
Second-Lien Note Document, RCN International for itself and its successors and
assigns, covenants and agrees, and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent for and on
behalf of the Secured Creditors (who accept and agree to the provisions of this
Section by their acceptance of the benefits hereunder and the agreements
contained herein), likewise covenants and agrees, that the payment of all
Guaranteed Obligations by RCN International (which, for purposes of this
Section 9, also shall include all obligations of RCN International under
Section 11 hereof) are subordinated, to the extent and in the manner provided
in this Section 9, to the prior payment in full in cash of all obligations,
liabilities and indebtedness on all Guarantor Senior Debt of RCN International,
whether outstanding on the date hereof or hereafter incurred. As used herein,

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

the term "Guarantor Senior Debt" shall mean, with respect to RCN International,
the principal of, premium, if any, interest (including any interest accruing
subsequent to the filing of a petition of bankruptcy at the rate provided for
in the documentation with respect thereto, whether or not such interest is an
allowed claim under applicable law) on, and all other amounts (including,
without limitation, reimbursement obligations under letters of credit, fees,
expenses and indemnities) owing in respect of (including, in each case,
guarantees of the foregoing obligations, liabilities and indebtedness) all
monetary obligations of every nature of RCN International to the First-Lien
Creditors (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) under, or with respect
to, the First-Lien Documents (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement).

         This Section 9 shall constitute a continuing offer to all First-Lien
Creditors who become holders of, or continue to hold, Guarantor Senior Debt,
and such provisions are made for the benefit of the First-Lien Creditors and
such First-Lien Creditors are made obligees hereunder and any one or more of
them may enforce such provisions.

         (b)   Suspension of Payment on Guaranteed Obligations When Guarantor
Senior Debt is in Default. (i) If any Specified Default (as defined below)
occurs and is continuing under, or with respect to, any Guarantor Senior Debt,
then no payment or distribution of any kind or character, whether in cash,
property or securities, shall be made by or on behalf of RCN International or
any other Person or entity on its or their behalf under, in respect of, or on
account of, this Guaranty or to settle or purchase the Guaranteed Obligations
for cash, property or securities until all Specified Defaults shall have been
cured or waived in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing the
respective Guarantor Senior Debt or ceased to exist or all Guarantor Senior
Debt with respect to which any such Specified Default has occurred and is
continuing shall have been paid in full in cash. As used herein, the term
"Specified Default" shall mean any of (i) any payment default in respect of any
Guarantor Senior Debt, (ii) any default of the type described in Section 10.05
of the First-Lien Credit Agreement and (iii) any "event of default" (or similar
term) under (and as defined in) any Guarantor Senior Debt.

         (ii)  In the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any payment,
distribution, purchase or settlement shall be received by (or on behalf of) the
Secured Creditors under, in respect of, or on account of, this Guaranty when
such payment, distribution, purchase or settlement is prohibited by the
foregoing provisions of this Section 9(b), such payment, distribution, purchase
or settlement shall be held by the Secured Creditors in trust for the benefit
of, and shall forthwith be paid over or delivered to, the First-Lien Creditors
(pro rata to such First-Lien Creditors on the basis of the respective amount of
Guarantor Senior Debt held by such First-Lien Creditors) or their respective
representatives, as their respective interests may appear.

         (c)   Payment Subordinated to Prior Payment of All Guarantor Senior
Debt on Dissolution, Liquidation or Reorganization of RCN International. (i)
Upon any payment or distribution of assets of RCN International of any kind or
character, whether in cash, property or securities, to creditors upon any total
or partial liquidation, dissolution, winding-up, reorganization, assignment for
the benefit of creditors or marshaling of assets of RCN International or in a
bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, receivership or other similar
proceeding relating to RCN International or its assets, whether voluntary or
involuntary, all obligations, liabilities and indebtedness in respect of

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

Guarantor Senior Debt due or to become due shall first be paid in full in cash
(including interest accruing after the commencement of any bankruptcy or other
like proceeding at the rate specified in the applicable Guarantor Senior Debt,
whether or not such interest is an allowed claim in any such proceeding),
before any payment or distribution of any kind or character (whether in cash,
property or securities) is made by or on behalf of RCN International (or any
successor thereto) under, in respect of, or on account of, this Guaranty. Upon
any such dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, reorganization, receivership or
similar proceeding, any payment or distribution of assets of RCN International
of any kind or character, whether in cash, property or securities, to which any
Secured Creditors would be entitled under, in respect of, or on account of,
this Guaranty, except for the provisions hereof, shall be paid by RCN
International or by any receiver, trustee in bankruptcy, liquidating trustee,
agent or other Person making such payment or distribution, or by the Secured
Creditors if received by them, directly to the First-Lien Creditors (pro rata
to such First-Lien Creditors on the basis of the respective amounts of
Guarantor Senior Debt held by such First-Lien Creditors) or their respective
representatives, as their respective interests may appear, for application to
the payment of Guarantor Senior Debt remaining unpaid until all such Guarantor
Senior Debt has been paid in full in cash after giving effect to any concurrent
payment or distribution therefor to or for the First-Lien Creditors.

         (ii)  To the extent that any Guarantor Senior Debt shall be paid to a
First-Lien Creditor and subsequently must be returned, rescinded or disgorged
as a result of the applicable provisions of Bankruptcy Code (including, but not
limited to, Section 547 of the Bankruptcy Code), or any similar law, or the
settlement of any claim in respect thereof, the formerly paid or satisfied
Guarantor Senior Debt shall be reinstated and outstanding as if such payment
had not occurred and the terms and conditions of this Guaranty shall be fully
applicable thereto until all such Guarantor Senor Debt is again paid in full in
cash.

         It is further agreed that any diminution (whether pursuant to court
decree or otherwise, including without limitation for any of the reasons
described in the preceding paragraph) of RCN International's obligation to make
any distribution or payment pursuant to any Guarantor Senior Debt, except to
the extent such diminution occurs by reason of the repayment (which has not
been disgorged or returned) of such Guarantor Senior Debt in cash, shall have
no force or effect for purposes of the subordination provisions contained in
this Section 9, with any turnover of payments as otherwise calculated pursuant
to this Section 9 to be made as if no such diminution had occurred.

         (iii) In no event (whether pursuant to a proceeding under the
Bankruptcy Code or otherwise) shall any Secured Creditor assert that the assets
of RCN International should be substantively consolidated or otherwise combined
in a similar fashion with the assets of the Borrower or any of its other
Subsidiaries, or otherwise returned (whether under claims of fraudulent
conveyance or otherwise) to any such Person. Furthermore, in the event that
pursuant to any proceeding pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise any of
the assets of RCN International are substantively consolidated or otherwise
combined in a similar fashion with the assets of the Borrower or any of its
other Subsidiaries or otherwise returned to any such Person, then, as between
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Secured Creditors (and their
successors and assigns), on the one hand, and the First-Lien Creditors, on the
other hand, the Secured Creditors agree that all distributions received by an

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

Secured Creditor (and their successors and assigns) to the extent attributable
to the assets, or representing any proceeds from any disposition of assets,
which were held by RCN International prior to any such consolidation,
combination or return of assets shall be treated by the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent and the Secured Creditors as if received pursuant to this Guaranty and
shall be fully subject to the subordination provisions contained in this
Section 9.

         (iv)  In the event that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any payment or
distribution of assets of any RCN International of any kind or character,
whether in cash, property or securities, shall be received by (or on behalf of)
any Secured Creditor when such payment or distribution is prohibited by this
Section 9(c), such payment or distribution shall be held in trust by the
respective Secured Creditor for the benefit of, and shall be forthwith paid
over or delivered to, the First-Lien Creditors (pro rata to such First-Lien
Creditors on the basis of the respective amount of Guarantor Senior Debt held
by such First-Lien Creditors) or their respective representatives, as their
respective interests may appear, for application to the payment of Guarantor
Senior Debt remaining unpaid until all such Guarantor Senior Debt has been paid
in full in cash, after giving effect to any concurrent payment or distribution
therefor to or for the First-Lien Creditors.

         (d)   Second-Lien Collateral Agent To Be Subrogated to Rights of
Holders of Guarantor Senior Debt. Subject to the prior payment in full in cash
of all Guarantor Senior Debt, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall be
subrogated to the rights of the First-Lien Creditors to receive payments or
distributions of cash, property or securities of RCN International applicable
to RCN International Senior Debt until all amounts owing on or in respect of
the Guaranteed Obligations shall be paid in full; and, for the purposes of such
subrogation, no such payments or distributions to the First-Lien Creditors by
or on behalf of RCN International, or by or on behalf of the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent by virtue of this Section 9, which otherwise would have been
made to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall, as between RCN International
and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, be deemed to be a payment by RCN
International to or on account of Guarantor Senior Debt, it being understood
that the provisions of this Section 9 are and are intended solely for the
purpose of defining the relative rights of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, on
the one hand, and the First-Lien Creditors, on the other hand.

         (e)   Guaranteed Obligations of the RCN International Unconditional.
Nothing contained in this Section 9 or elsewhere in this Guaranty or in the
Second-Lien Note Documents is intended to or shall impair, as among RCN
International, its creditors (other than the First-Lien Creditors), and the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the obligation of RCN International, which is
absolute and unconditional, to pay to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent all
amounts due and payable under this Guaranty as and when the same shall become
due and payable in accordance with their terms, or is intended to or shall
affect the relative rights of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent (and the Secured
Creditors) and creditors of the Guarantors (other than the First-Lien
Creditors), nor shall anything herein or therein prevent the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent from exercising all remedies otherwise permitted by applicable
law upon default under the Second-Note Documents, subject to the rights of the
First-Lien Creditors under this Section 9 and under the Intercreditor Agreement
in respect of cash, property or securities of RCN International received upon
the exercise of any such remedy.

                                     -10-
<PAGE>

         (f)   Reliance on Judicial Order or Certificate of Liquidating Agent.
Upon any payment or distribution of assets of RCN International referred to in
this Section 9, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely upon
any order or decree made by any court of competent jurisdiction in which any
insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, dissolution, winding-up, liquidation,
reorganization or similar case or proceeding is pending, or upon a certificate
of the trustee in bankruptcy, liquidating trustee, receiver, assignee for the
benefit of creditors, agent or other Person making such payment or
distribution, delivered to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, for the purpose of
ascertaining the Persons entitled to participate in such payment or
distribution, the First-Lien Creditors and other indebtedness of RCN
International, the amount thereof or payable thereon, the amount or amounts
paid or distributed thereon and all other facts pertinent thereto or to this
Section 9. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely on the
delivery to it of a written notice by a Person representing himself or itself
to be a holder of the Guarantor Senior Debt (or representative of, such holder)
to establish that such notice has been given by a holder of such Guarantor
Senior Debt or a trustee or representative on behalf of any such holder.

         (g)   Subordination Rights Not Impaired by Acts or Omissions of RCN
International or the First-Lien Creditors. No right of any present or future
First-Lien Creditor to enforce subordination as provided herein shall at any
time in any way be prejudiced or impaired by any act or failure to act on the
part of RCN International or by any act or failure to act by any such
First-Lien Creditor, or by any noncompliance by RCN International with the
terms of this Guaranty, regardless of any knowledge thereof which any such
First-Lien Creditor may have or otherwise be charged with.

         Without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing paragraph,
the First-Lien Creditors may, at any time and from time to time, without the
consent of or notice to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or any Secured
Creditor, without incurring responsibility to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
or any Secured Creditor and without impairing or releasing the subordination
provided in this Section 9 or the obligations hereunder of the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent and the Secured Creditors to the First-Lien Creditors, do any
one or more of the following: (i) change the manner, place or terms of payment
or extend the time of payment of, or renew, increase, replace or alter,
Guarantor Senior Debt, or otherwise amend or supplement in any manner Guarantor
Senior Debt, or any instrument evidencing the same or any agreement under which
Guarantor Senior Debt is outstanding; (ii) sell, exchange, release or otherwise
deal with any property pledged, mortgaged or otherwise securing Guarantor
Senior Debt, (iii) release any Person liable in any manner for the payment or
collection of Guarantor Senior Debt; and (iv) exercise or refrain from
exercising any rights against RCN International and any other Person.

         (h)   First-Lien Creditors Authorized To File Proofs of Claims. If the
Secured Creditors do not file a proper claim or proof of debt in the form
required in the event of any dissolution, winding-up, liquidation or
reorganization of RCN International (whether in bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership, reorganization or similar proceedings or upon an assignment for
the benefit of credits or otherwise) tending towards liquidation of the
business and assets of RCN International prior to 10 days before the expiration
of the time to file such claim or claims, then the First-Lien Creditors or
their representative shall have the right to file and are or is hereby
authorized to file an appropriate claim for and on behalf of the Secured

                                     -11-
<PAGE>

Creditors. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the First-Lien
Creditors or their representative to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt
on behalf of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the Secured Creditors any plan
of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the
Guaranteed Obligations or the rights of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or the
Secured Creditors, or to authorize the First-Lien Creditors or their
representative to vote in respect of the claim of the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent in any such proceeding.

         (i) This Section 9 Not To Prevent Events of Default. The failure to
make a payment on account of principal of or interest on the Guaranteed
Obligations by reason of any provision of this Section 9 will not be construed
as preventing the occurrence of a breach, default or an event of default under
the Second-Lien Note Documents.

         (j)   Amendments or Modifications to Section 9 or 19. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Guaranty, no amendment or
modification to any provision of this Section 9 or the related definitions used
herein or to Section 19 hereof or the related definitions used therein, shall
be permitted unless such amendment or modification is approved in writing by
the First-Lien Administrative Agent (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement)
(with the consent of the requisite percentage of the First-Lien Creditors) and
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         (k)   Notice to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, Rights of the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent. RCN International shall give prompt written
notice to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent of any fact known to RCN
International which would prohibit the making of any payment to the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent under this Guaranty pursuant to the provisions of this Section
9, although any delay or failure to give any such notice shall have no effect
on the subordination provisions contained herein.

         10.   REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF GUARANTORS. In
connection with the issuance of Second-Lien Notes by the Borrower pursuant to
the Second-Lien Note Indenture, each Guarantor represents, warrants and
covenants that:

         (a)   such Guarantor (i) is a duly organized and validly existing
     corporation, partnership or limited liability company, as the case may be,
     in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization,
     (ii) has the corporate, partnership or limited liability company power and
     authority, as the case may be, to own its property and assets and to
     transact the business in which it is engaged and presently proposes to
     engage and (iii) is duly qualified and is authorized to do business and is
     in good standing in each jurisdiction where the conduct of its business
     requires such qualification except for failures to be so qualified which,
     either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected
     to have a Material Adverse Effect;

         (b)   such Guarantor has the corporate, partnership or limited
     liability company power and authority, as the case may be, to execute,
     deliver and perform the terms and provisions of this Guaranty and each
     other Second-Lien Note Document to which it is a party and has taken all
     necessary corporate, partnership or limited liability company action, as

                                     -12-
<PAGE>

     the case may be, to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by
     it of this Guaranty and each such other Second-Lien Note Document;

         (c)   such Guarantor has duly executed and delivered this Guaranty and
     each other Second-Lien Note Document to which it is a party, and this
     Guaranty and each such other Second-Lien Note Document constitutes the
     legal, valid and binding obligation of such Guarantor enforceable in
     accordance with its terms, except to the extent that the enforceability
     hereof or thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
     reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws generally affecting
     creditors' rights and by equitable principles (regardless of whether
     enforcement is sought in equity or at law);

         (d)   neither the execution, delivery or performance by such Guarantor
     of this Guaranty or any other Second-Lien Note Document to which it is a
     party, nor compliance by it with the terms and provisions hereof and
     thereof, will (i) contravene any provision of any applicable law, statute,
     rule or regulation or any applicable order, writ, injunction or decree of
     any court or governmental instrumentality, (ii) conflict with or result in
     any breach of any of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, or
     constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of (or
     the obligation to create or impose) any Lien (except pursuant to the
     Security Documents) upon any of the property or assets of such Guarantor
     or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any indenture,
     material mortgage, material deed of trust, loan agreement, Second-Lien
     Note Indenture, or any other material agreement, contract or instrument to
     which such Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it
     or any of its property or assets is bound or to which it may be subject or
     (iii) violate any provision of the certificate or articles of
     incorporation, by-laws, partnership agreement or limited liability company
     agreement (or equivalent organizational documents), as the case may be, of
     such Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries;

         (e)   no order, consent, approval, license, authorization or validation
     of, or filing, recording or registration with (except as have been
     obtained or made prior to the date when required and which remain in full
     force and effect), or exemption by, any governmental or public body or
     authority, or any subdivision thereof, is required to authorize, or is
     required in connection with, (i) the execution, delivery and performance
     of this Guaranty by such Guarantor or any other Second-Lien Note Document
     to which such Guarantor is a party or (ii) the legality, validity, binding
     effect or enforceability of this Guaranty or any other Second-Lien Note
     Document to which such Guarantor is a party;

         (f)   there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to such
     Guarantor's knowledge, threatened (i) with respect to this Guaranty or any
     other Second-Lien Note Document to which such Guarantor is a party, (ii)
     with respect to such Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries that, either
     individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect (as such term is defined in the Second-Lien Note
     Indenture) or (iii) that could reasonably be expected to have a material
     adverse effect on the rights or remedies of the Secured Creditors or on
     the ability of such Guarantor to perform its obligations to the Secured

                                     -13-
<PAGE>

     Creditors hereunder and under the other Second-Lien Note Documents to
     which it is a party;

         (g)   until such time as no Second-Lien Note remains outstanding and
     all Guaranteed Obligations have been paid in full, such Guarantor will
     comply, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all of the
     applicable provisions, covenants and agreements contained in Article 5 of
     the Second-Lien Note Indenture, and will take, or will refrain from
     taking, as the case may be, all actions that are necessary to be taken or
     not taken so that no violation of any provision, covenant or agreement
     contained in Article 5 of the Second-Lien Note Indenture, and so that no
     Default or Event of Default, is caused by the actions of such Guarantor or
     any of its Subsidiaries; and

         (h)   an executed (or conformed) copy of each of the Second-Lien Note
     Documents, has been made available to a senior officer of such Guarantor
     and such officer is familiar with the contents thereof.

         11.   EXPENSES. The Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree to
pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Second-Lien Trustee,
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and each other Secured Creditor in connection
with the enforcement of this Guaranty and the protection of the Secured
Creditors' rights hereunder and any amendment, waiver or consent relating
hereto (including, in each case, without limitation, the reasonable fees and
disbursements of counsel (including in-house counsel) employed by the
Second-Lien Trustee, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and each other Secured
Creditor).

         12.   BENEFIT AND BINDING EFFECT. This Guaranty shall be binding upon
each Guarantor and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of
the Secured Creditors and their successors and assigns.

         13.   AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor
Agreement, neither this Guaranty nor any provision hereof may be changed,
waived, discharged or terminated except with the written consent of each
Guarantor directly affected thereby (it being understood that the addition or
release of any Guarantor hereunder shall not constitute a change, waiver,
discharge or termination affecting any Guarantor other than the Guarantor so
added or released) and with the written consent of the Majority Noteholders
(or, to the extent required by the Second-Lien Note Indenture, with the written
consent of each Noteholder) at all times prior to the time at which all
Second-Lien Note Document Obligations have been paid in full.

         14.   SET OFF. In addition to any rights now or hereafter granted under
applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 151 of the New York
Debtor and Creditor Law) and not by way of limitation of any such rights, upon
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default (such term to
mean and include any "Event of Default" as defined in the Second-Lien Note
Indenture), each Secured Creditor is hereby authorized, at any time or from
time to time, without notice to any Guarantor or to any other Person, any such
notice being expressly waived, to set off and to appropriate and apply any and
all deposits (general or special) and any other indebtedness at any time held
or owing by such Secured Creditor to or for the credit or the account of such

                                     -14-
<PAGE>

Guarantor, against and on account of the obligations and liabilities of such
Guarantor to such Secured Creditor under this Guaranty, irrespective of whether
or not such Secured Creditor shall have made any demand hereunder and although
said obligations, liabilities, deposits or claims, or any of them, shall be
contingent or unmatured. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Guaranty, at any time that the Guaranteed Obligations shall be secured by
any Real Property located in the State of California, no Secured Creditor shall
exercise any right of set-off, lien or counterclaim or take any court or
administrative action or institute any proceedings to enforce any provision of
this Guaranty without the prior consent of the Majority Noteholders or, to the
extent required by the Second-Lien Note Indenture, all of the Noteholders, if
such setoff or action or proceeding would or might (pursuant to Sections 580a,
580b, 580d and 726 of the California Code of Civil Procedure or Section 2924 of
the California Civil Code, if applicable, or otherwise) affect or impair the
validity, priority, or enforceability of the liens granted to the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security Documents or the enforceability of
the Guaranteed Obligations hereunder, and any attempted exercise by any Secured
Creditor or the Second-Lien Collateral Agent of any such right without
obtaining such consent of the Majority Noteholders or the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall be null and void. It is understood and agreed that the
foregoing sentence of this Section 14 is for the sole benefit of the Secured
Creditors and may be amended, modified or waived in any respect by the Majority
Noteholders (without any requirement of prior notice to or consent by any
Credit Party or any other Person) and does not constitute a waiver of any
rights against any Credit Party or against any Collateral.

         15.   NOTICE. Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices,
requests, demands or other communications to or upon the respective parties
hereto shall be sent or delivered by mail, telegraph, telex, telecopy, cable or
courier service and all such notices and communications shall, when mailed,
telegraphed, telexed, telecopied, or cabled or sent by courier, be effective
when deposited in the mails, delivered to the telegraph company, cable company
or overnight courier, as the case may be, or sent by telex or telecopier,
except that notices and communications to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or
any Guarantor shall not be effective until received by the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent or such Guarantor, as the case may be. All notices and other
communications shall be in writing and addressed to such party at (i) in the
case of any Secured Creditor, as provided in the Second-Lien Note Indenture,
and (ii) in the case of any Guarantor, at its address set forth opposite its
signature page below; or in any case at such other address as any of the
Persons listed above may hereafter notify the others in writing.

         16.   REINSTATEMENT. If any claim is ever made upon any Secured
Creditor for repayment or recovery of any amount or amounts received in payment
or on account of any of the Guaranteed Obligations and any of the aforesaid
payees repays all or part of said amount by reason of (i) any judgment, decree
or order of any court or administrative body having jurisdiction over such
payee or any of its property or (ii) any settlement or compromise of any such
claim effected by such payee with any such claimant (including, without
limitation, the Borrower or any other Guarantor), then and in such event each
Guarantor agrees that any such judgment, decree, order, settlement or
compromise shall be binding upon such Guarantor, notwithstanding any revocation
hereof or the cancellation of any Second-Lien Note or any other instrument
evidencing any liability of the Borrower, and such Guarantor shall be and

                                     -15-
<PAGE>

remain liable to the aforesaid payees hereunder for the amount so repaid or
recovered to the same extent as if such amount had never originally been
received by any such payee.

         17.   CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; SERVICE OF PROCESS; AND WAIVER OF TRIAL
BY JURY. (a) THIS GUARANTY AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE SECURED
CREDITORS AND OF THE UNDERSIGNED HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Any legal action or
proceeding with respect to this Guaranty or any other Second-Lien Note Document
to which any Guarantor is a party may be brought in the courts of the State of
New York or of the United States of America for the Southern District of New
York, in each case located within the City of New York, and, by execution and
delivery of this Guaranty, each Guarantor hereby irrevocably accepts for itself
and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction
of the aforesaid courts. Each Guarantor hereby further irrevocably waives any
claim that any such courts lack jurisdiction over such Guarantor, and agrees
not to plead or claim, in any legal action or proceeding with respect to this
Guaranty or any other Second-Lien Note Document to which such Guarantor is a
party brought in any of the aforesaid courts, that any such court lacks
jurisdiction over such Guarantor. Each Guarantor further irrevocably consents
to the service of process out of any of the aforementioned courts in any such
action or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, to each Guarantor at its address set forth
opposite its signature below, such service to become effective 30 days after
such mailing. Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any objection to such
service of process and further irrevocably waives and agrees not to plead or
claim in any action or proceeding commenced hereunder or under any other
Second-Lien Note Document to which such Guarantor is a party that such service
of process was in any way invalid or ineffective. Nothing herein shall affect
the right of any of the Secured Creditors to serve process in any other manner
permitted by law or to commence legal proceedings or otherwise proceed against
each Guarantor in any other jurisdiction.

         (b)   Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives (to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law) any objection which it may now or hereafter have
to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions or proceedings arising
out of or in connection with this Guaranty or any other Second-Lien Note
Document to which such Guarantor is a party brought in the courts referred to
in clause (a) above and hereby further irrevocably waives and agrees not to
plead or claim in any such court that such action or proceeding brought in any
such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

         (c)   EACH GUARANTOR AND EACH SECURED CREDITOR (BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF
THE BENEFITS OF THIS GUARANTY) HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL
BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS GUARANTY, THE OTHER SECOND-LIEN NOTE DOCUMENTS TO WHICH SUCH GUARANTOR IS
A PARTY OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

         18.   RELEASE OF LIABILITY OF GUARANTOR UPON SALE OR DISSOLUTION.
Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, in the event that all of
the capital stock or other equity interests of one or more Guarantors is sold
or otherwise disposed of or liquidated in compliance with the requirements of

                                     -16-
<PAGE>

the Second-Lien Note Indenture (or such sale, other disposition or liquidation
has been approved in writing by the Majority Noteholders (or all the
Noteholders if required by the Second-Lien Note Indenture)) and the proceeds of
such sale, disposition or liquidation are applied in accordance with the
provisions of the Second-Lien Note Indenture, to the extent applicable, such
Guarantor shall, upon consummation of such sale or other disposition (except to
the extent that such sale or disposition is to the Borrower or another
Subsidiary thereof), be released from this Guaranty automatically and without
further action and this Guaranty shall, as to each such Guarantor or
Guarantors, terminate, and have no further force or effect (it being understood
and agreed that the sale of one or more Persons that own, directly or
indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of any Guarantor
shall be deemed to be a sale of such Guarantor for the purposes of this Section
18).

         19.   CONTRIBUTION. At any time a payment in respect of the Guaranteed
Obligations is made under this Guaranty, the right of contribution of each
Guarantor against each other Guarantor shall be determined as provided in the
immediately following sentence, with the right of contribution of each
Guarantor to be revised and restated as of each date on which a payment (a
"Relevant Payment") is made on the Guaranteed Obligations under this Guaranty.
At any time that a Relevant Payment is made by a Guarantor that results in the
aggregate payments made by such Guarantor in respect of the Guaranteed
Obligations to and including the date of the Relevant Payment exceeding such
Guarantor's Contribution Percentage (as defined below) of the aggregate
payments made by all Guarantors in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations to and
including the date of the Relevant Payment (such excess, the "Aggregate Excess
Amount"), each such Guarantor shall have a right of contribution against each
other Guarantor who has made payments in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations
to and including the date of the Relevant Payment in an aggregate amount less
than such other Guarantor's Contribution Percentage of the aggregate payments
made to and including the date of the Relevant Payment by all Guarantors in
respect of the Guaranteed Obligations (the aggregate amount of such deficit,
the "Aggregate Deficit Amount") in an amount equal to (x) a fraction the
numerator of which is the Aggregate Excess Amount of such Guarantor and the
denominator of which is the Aggregate Excess Amount of all Guarantors
multiplied by (y) the Aggregate Deficit Amount of such other Guarantor. A
Guarantor's right of contribution pursuant to the preceding sentences shall
arise at the time of each computation, subject to adjustment to the time of
each computation; provided that no Guarantor may take any action to enforce
such right until the Guaranteed Obligations have been irrevocably paid in full
in cash, it being expressly recognized and agreed by all parties hereto that
any Guarantor's right of contribution arising pursuant to this Section 18
against any other Guarantor shall be expressly junior and subordinate to such
other Guarantor's obligations and liabilities in respect of the Guaranteed
Obligations and any other obligations owing under this Guaranty. As used in
this Section 19: (i) each Guarantor's "Contribution Percentage" shall mean the
percentage obtained by dividing (x) the Adjusted Net Worth (as defined below)
of such Guarantor by (y) the aggregate Adjusted Net Worth of all Guarantors;
(ii) the "Adjusted Net Worth" of each Guarantor shall mean the greater of (x)
the Net Worth (as defined below) of such Guarantor and (y) zero; and (iii) the
"Net Worth" of each Guarantor shall mean the amount by which the fair saleable
value of such Guarantor's assets on the date of any Relevant Payment exceeds
its existing debts and other liabilities (including contingent liabilities, but
without giving effect to any Guaranteed Obligations arising under this Guaranty
or any guaranteed obligations arising under any guaranty of the Second-Lien
Note Indenture) on such date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary

                                     -17-
<PAGE>

contained above, any Guarantor that is released from this Guaranty pursuant to
Section 18 hereof shall thereafter have no contribution obligations, or rights,
pursuant to this Section 19, and at the time of any such release, if the
released Guarantor had an Aggregate Excess Amount or an Aggregate Deficit
Amount, same shall be deemed reduced to $0, and the contribution rights and
obligations of the remaining Guarantors shall be recalculated on the respective
date of release (as otherwise provided above) based on the payments made
hereunder by the remaining Guarantors. All parties hereto recognize and agree
that, except for any right of contribution arising pursuant to this Section 19
each Guarantor who makes any payment in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations
shall have no right of contribution or subrogation against any other Guarantor
in respect of such payment until all of the Guaranteed Obligations have been
irrevocably paid in full in cash. Each of the Guarantors recognizes and
acknowledges that the rights to contribution arising hereunder shall constitute
an asset in favor of the party entitled to such contribution. In this
connection, each Guarantor has the right to waive its contribution right
against any Guarantor to the extent that after giving effect to such waiver
such Guarantor would remain solvent, in the determination of the Majority
Noteholders.

         20.   LIMITATION ON GUARANTEED OBLIGATIONS. Each Guarantor and each
Secured Creditor (by its acceptance of the benefits of this Guaranty) hereby
confirms that it is its intention that this Guaranty not constitute a
fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of the Bankruptcy Code, the
Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act or any similar Federal or state law. To
effectuate the foregoing intention, each Guarantor and each Secured Creditor
(by its acceptance of the benefits of this Guaranty) hereby irrevocably agrees
that the Guaranteed Obligations guaranteed by such Guarantor shall be limited
to such amount as will, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all
other (contingent or otherwise) liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant
under such laws (it being understood that it is the intention of the parties to
this Guaranty and the parties to any guaranty of the First-Lien Obligations (as
defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) that, to the maximum extent permitted
under applicable laws, the liabilities in respect of the guarantees of the
First-Lien Obligations shall not be included for the foregoing purposes and
that, if any reduction is required to the amount guaranteed by any Guarantor
hereunder and with respect to the First-Lien Obligations that its guarantee of
amounts owing in respect of the Second-Lien Note Indenture shall first be
reduced) and after giving effect to any rights to contribution pursuant to any
agreement providing for an equitable contribution among such Guarantor and the
other Guarantors, result in the Guaranteed Obligations of such Guarantor in
respect of such maximum amount not constituting a fraudulent transfer or
conveyance.

         21.   COUNTERPARTS. This Guaranty may be executed in any number of
counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each
of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which
shall together constitute one and the same instrument. A set of counterparts
executed by all the parties hereto shall be lodged with the Borrower and the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         22.   PAYMENTS. All payments made by any Guarantor hereunder will be
made without setoff, counterclaim or other defense and on the same basis as
payments are made by the Borrower under terms of the Second-Lien Note
Indenture.

                                     -18-
<PAGE>

         23.   ADDITIONAL GUARANTORS. It is understood and agreed that any
Subsidiary of the Borrower that is required to execute a counterpart of this
Guaranty after the date hereof pursuant to the Second-Lien Note Indenture shall
become a Guarantor hereunder by (x) executing and delivering a counterpart
hereof to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent or (y) executing a joinder agreement
and delivering same to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, in each case as may be
requested by (and in form and substance satisfactory to) the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent and (y) taking all actions as specified in this Guaranty as
would have been taken by such Guarantor had it been an original party to this
Guaranty, in each case with all documents and actions required to be taken to
be taken above to the reasonable satisfaction of the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent.

         24.   HEADINGS DESCRIPTIVE. The headings of the several Sections of
this Guaranty are inserted for convenience only and shall not in any way affect
the meaning or construction of any provision of this Guaranty.

         25.   SECOND-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT. (a) Appointment. The Second-Lien
Trustee and each Noteholder, by accepting a Note, hereby irrevocably designates
and appoints HSBC Bank USA, National Association as the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent under this Guaranty and each Security Document, and the Second-Lien
Trustee and each such Noteholder irrevocably authorizes HSBC Bank USA, National
Association as the Second-Lien Collateral Agent to take such actions on its
behalf under the provisions of this Guaranty and each Security Document to
which the Second-Lien Trustee and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent (as the case
may be) is a party and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are
expressly delegated to the Second-Lien Trustee and the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent (as the case may be) by the terms of this Guaranty and each Security
Document to which the Second-Lien Trustee and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent
(as the case may be) is a party, together with such other powers as are
reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary
elsewhere in this Guaranty or in any Security Document, the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those
expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Noteholder
or any other Person, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities,
duties, obligations or liabilities on the part of the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent and the Second-Lien Trustee shall be read into this Guaranty or otherwise
exist against the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Trustee. The
provisions of this Section 24 are solely for the benefit of the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent, the Second-Lien Trustee and the Noteholders, and the
Guarantors shall not have any rights as a third party beneficiary or otherwise
under any of the provisions hereof. In performing their respective functions
and duties hereunder and under the other Security Documents to which the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent is a party, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall
act solely as an agent of the Second-Lien Trustee and the Noteholders and does
not assume nor shall be deemed to have assumed any obligation or relationship
of trust or agency with or for the Guarantors or any of their successors and
assigns.

         (b)   Delegation of Duties. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent may
execute any of its duties under this Guaranty or the Security Documents to
which the Second-Lien Collateral Agent is a party by or through receivers,
agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel
concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Second-Lien Collateral

                                     -19-
<PAGE>

Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any
receivers, agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care.

         (c)   Exculpatory Provisions. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall
not be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or
any Person described in Section 11 of the Pledge Agreement (as defined in the
Second-Lien Note Indenture) under or in connection with this Guaranty, or any
other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument referred to or
provided for herein or therein (except for its or such Person's own gross
negligence or willful misconduct if such Person was not selected with
reasonable care), or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Noteholders,
the Second-Lien Trustee or any other Person for any recitals, statements,
representations or warranties made by any Guarantor contained in this Guaranty
or any other Transaction Document or in any certificate, report, statement or
other document referred to or provided for in, or received under or in
connection with, this Guaranty or any other Transaction Document or for the
value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of
this Guaranty, or any other Transaction Document or for any failure of any
Guarantor to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. The Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall not be required to initiate or conduct any litigation or
collection or other proceeding under this Guaranty or any other Transaction
Document. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall not be under any obligation to
the Second-Lien Trustee or to any Noteholder to ascertain or to inquire as to
the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or
conditions of, this Guaranty or any other Transaction Document, or to inspect
the properties, books or records of any Guarantor. The Second-Lien Collateral
Agent shall have the right at any time to seek instructions from the
Noteholders with respect to the administration of this Guaranty or the Security
Documents. Anything to the contrary notwithstanding, in no event shall the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent be liable to any Person, under this Guaranty or
any other Transaction Document for special, punitive, indirect, consequential
or incidental loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited
to lost profits), even if the Second-Lien Collateral Agent has been advised of
the likelihood of such loss or damage.

         (d)   Reliance by Second-Lien Collateral Agent. The Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall be entitled to conclusively rely, and shall be fully
protected in relying, upon any Note, writing, resolution, notice, consent,
certificate, affidavit, letter, cablegram, telegram, telecopy, telex or
teletype message, statement, order or other document or conversation believed
by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the
proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel
(including, without limitation, counsel to any Guarantor or Noteholder),
independent accountants and other experts selected by the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent with reasonable due care. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent
shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated
in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice,
request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document,
delivered to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder or under the
Transaction Documents. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent may deem and treat the
payee of any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes unless the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall have received an executed transfer instrument in respect
thereof. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall have no liability for failing
or refusing to take any action under this Guaranty or any other Transaction
Document unless it shall first receive such advice, direction, instruction or

                                     -20-
<PAGE>

concurrence of the Majority Noteholders or the Noteholders as is required
hereunder or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the
Noteholders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by
it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action; and the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent has the right to seek instructions from the
Majority Noteholders before acting or electing not to act under this Guaranty
or any other Transaction Document. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall in
all cases have no liability in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this
Guaranty and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with a direction or
instruction of the Majority Noteholders, and such direction or instruction and
any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all
of the Noteholders and all future holders of the Notes. This Section does not
govern the relationship of the Guarantors and the Noteholders.

         (e)   Non-Reliance on Second-Lien Collateral Agent. Each Guarantor and
Noteholder expressly acknowledges that the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, or any
of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates
has not made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent hereafter taken, including, without limitation,
any review of the affairs of any Guarantor or Noteholder, shall be deemed to
constitute any representation or warranty by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         (f)   Second-Lien Collateral Agent in its Individual Capacity. The
Second-Lien Collateral Agent and its Affiliates may make loans to, accept
deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with the Guarantors
and Noteholders as though the Second-Lien Collateral Agent were not the
collateral agent hereunder.

         (g)   Successor Second-Lien Collateral Agent. The Second-Lien
Collateral Agent may resign as collateral agent upon thirty (30) days notice to
the Borrower and the Noteholders and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may be
removed from its position as collateral agent at any time by the Noteholders.
If the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall resign as collateral agent under this
Guaranty or be removed pursuant to the preceding sentence, then the Majority
Noteholders during such 30-day period shall appoint a successor collateral
agent, and upon the acceptance by such successor collateral agent, the
successor collateral agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the term "Second-Lien Collateral Agent"
shall mean such successor collateral agent, effective upon its appointment and
acceptance, and the former Second-Lien Collateral Agent's rights, powers and
duties as collateral agent shall then be terminated, without any other or
further act or deed on the part of such former Second-Lien Collateral Agent or
any of the parties to this Guaranty or any Noteholders. After any retiring
Second-Lien Collateral Agent's resignation hereunder as collateral agent, the
provisions of this Section 25 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions
taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Second-Lien Collateral Agent
under this Guaranty. If the Second-Lien Collateral Agent consolidates with,
merges with or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its
assets (including the administration of this Guaranty and the other Transaction
Documents) to, another Person, the resulting, surviving or transferee Person,
without any further act, shall be the successor Second-Lien Collateral Agent.

         (h)   Actions by the Second-Lien Collateral Agent. In each case that
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may or is required hereunder or any Security
Document to take any action (a "Collateral Agent Action"), including without

                                     -21-
<PAGE>

limitation to make any determination or judgment, to give consents, to exercise
rights, powers or remedies, to release or sell collateral or otherwise to act
hereunder or under any Security Document, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent may
seek direction from the Majority Noteholders. The Second-Lien Collateral Agent
shall not be liable with respect to any Collateral Agent Action taken or
omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction from
the Majority Noteholders. If the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall request
direction from the Majority Noteholders with respect to any Collateral Agent
Action, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such
Collateral Agent Action unless and until such Second-Lien Collateral Agent
shall have received direction from the Majority Noteholders and the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so
refraining.

               (i)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Guaranty or
         any other Transaction Document, in no event shall the Second-Lien
         Collateral Agent be responsible for, or have any duty or obligation
         with respect to, the recording, filing, registering, perfection,
         protection or maintenance of the security interests or Liens intended
         to be created by this Guaranty or the Security Documents (including
         without limitation any UCC financing or continuation statements or
         similar documents or instruments), nor shall the Second-Lien
         Collateral Agent be responsible for, and the Second-Lien Collateral
         Agent makes no representation regarding, the validity, effectiveness
         or priority of any of this Guaranty or the Security Documents or the
         security interests or Liens intended to be created hereby or thereby.

               (ii)  The Second-Lien Collateral Agent is hereby directed by the
         Noteholders to execute this Guaranty and the Security Documents as
         contemplated herein.

               (iii) Whenever in the administration of this Guaranty or any
         Security Document, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent shall deem it
         necessary that a matter with respect to the Guarantors be provided or
         established prior to taking or suffering or omitting to take any act
         hereunder or thereunder, such matter (unless other evidence in respect
         thereof be herein or therein specifically prescribed) may, in the
         absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the
         part of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent be deemed to be conclusively
         proved and established by an officers' certificate delivered by the
         applicable Guarantor to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, and such
         certificate, in the absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful
         misconduct on the part of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, shall be
         full warrant to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent for any action taken,
         suffered or omitted to be taken by it under the provisions of this
         Guaranty or any Security Document upon the faith thereof.

               (iv)  Any direction, request, notice, consent or other action
         provided or permitted by this Guaranty or the Security Documents to be
         given, made or taken by the Noteholders may be embodied in or
         evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor
         signed by the Noteholders in person or by and agent thereof duly

                                     -22-
<PAGE>

         appointed in writing; and such action, except as otherwise expressly
         provided herein, shall become effective when such instrument or
         instruments are delivered to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent. The
         fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing may
         be proved in any manner that the Second-Lien Collateral Agent deems
         sufficient. The holding of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register.

               (v)   Acceptance of Terms of Noteholders. Each Noteholder, by
         accepting a Note, agrees to all the terms and provisions set forth
         herein and the Security Documents.

         26.   FCC CONSENT. Notwithstanding anything herein which may be
construed to the contrary, no action shall be taken by any of the Second-Lien
Collateral Agent and the Secured Creditors with respect to any license of the
Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") unless and until any applicable rules
and regulations thereunder, requiring the consent to or approval of such action
by the FCC or any governmental or other authority, have been satisfied. Each
Guarantor agrees to use its best efforts, including taking any action which the
Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Secured Creditors may reasonably request,
to assist in obtaining any required consent or approval of the FCC or any other
governmental or other authority for any sale or transfer of control of the
Collateral contemplated by the security documents pursuant to the exercise of
the rights and remedies of the Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the Secured
Creditors thereunder, including, upon request, to prepare, sign and file with
the FCC the assignor's or transferor's and licensee's portions of any
applications required under the rules of the FCC for consent to the assignment
or transfer of control of any FCC construction permit, license or other
authorization.

         Each Guarantor further consents, subject to obtaining any necessary
approvals, to the assignment or transfer of control of any FCC or other
governmental construction permit, license, or other authorization to operate,
to a receiver, trustee, or similar official or to any purchaser of the
Collateral pursuant to any public or private sale, judicial sale, foreclosure,
or exercise of other remedies available to Second-Lien Collateral Agent and the
Secured Creditors as permitted by applicable law.

         27.   CONFLICTS; INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT.The parties hereto acknowledge
that the relative rights of the Noteholders under this Guaranty and the lenders
under the First-Lien Credit Agreement shall be governed by the Intercreditor
Agreement. In the event of any conflicts between the provisions of this
Guaranty and the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, the provisions of
the Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and CONTROL.

                                     * * *

                                     -23-
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Guarantor has caused this Guaranty to be
executed and delivered as of the date first above written.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                           <C>
Address:                                                      BRAINSTORM NETWORKS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      HOT SPOTS PRODUCTIONS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      ON TV, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN-BECOCOM, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Telecom Services of Massachusetts, Inc.
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN CABLE TV OF CHICAGO, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN ENTERTAINMENT, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN FINANCE, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Corporation, its managing member
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN INTERNET SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF ILLINOIS, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF MASSACHUSETTS, INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF PHILADELPHIA, INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF VIRGINIA, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RCN TELECOM SERVICES OF WASHINGTON D.C., INC., as a
                                                                Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RFM 2, LLC, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center                                           By: RCN Corporation, its managing member
Princeton, NJ 08540
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                               By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                                  ----------------------------------
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                                   Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                     Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                            and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      RLH PROPERTY CORPORATION, as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      TEC AIR, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      21ST CENTURY TELECOM SERVICES, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer


Address:                                                      UNET HOLDING, INC., as a Guarantor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                              ----------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer                               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                                        and Chief Financial Officer
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                           <C>
Address:                                                      STARPOWER COMMUNICATIONS, LLC,
                                                                as a Guarantor
105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540
Attention: Chief Financial Officer
Tel: (609) 734-3700                                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Fax: (609) 734-3830                                              ---------------------------------------
                                                                 Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
                                                                 Title: Manager
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                          <C>
Accepted and Agreed to:                                      Address:

                                                             60 Wall Street
                                                             New York, New York 10005
DEUTSCHE BANK AG CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH,                      Tel: (212) 250-6142
     as Collateral Agent and Pledgee                         Fax: (212) 797-5692


By: /s/ Alexander Richarz
   ----------------------------
   Name:  Alexander Richarz
   Title: Vice President


By: /s/ Gregory Shefrin
   ----------------------------
   Name:  Gregory Shefrin
   Title: Director
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                               Table of Contents
                               -----------------

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

1.    GUARANTY ............................................................  1
2.    LIABILITY OF GUARANTORS ABSOLUTE ....................................  2
3.    OBLIGATIONS OF GUARANTORS INDEPENDENT ...............................  2
4.    WAIVERS BY GUARANTORS ...............................................  3
5.    RIGHTS OF SECURED CREDITORS .........................................  5
6.    CONTINUING GUARANTY .................................................  6
7.    SUBORDINATION OF INDEBTEDNESS HELD BY GUARANTORS ....................  6
8.    GUARANTY ENFORCEABLE BY SECOND-LIEN TRUSTEE OR SECOND-LIEN
        COLLATERAL AGENT ..................................................  7
9.    SUBORDINATION OF RCN INTERNATIONAL GUARANTY .........................  7
10.   REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF GUARANTORS ............. 12
11.   EXPENSES ............................................................ 14
12.   BENEFIT AND BINDING EFFECT .......................................... 14
13.   AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS ................................................. 14
14.   SET OFF ............................................................. 14
15.   NOTICE .............................................................. 15
16.   REINSTATEMENT ....................................................... 15
17.   CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; SERVICE OF PROCESS; AND WAIVER OF
        TRIAL BY JURY ..................................................... 16
18.   RELEASE OF LIABILITY OF GUARANTOR UPON SALE OR DISSOLUTION .......... 16
19.   CONTRIBUTION ........................................................ 17
20.   LIMITATION ON GUARANTEED OBLIGATIONS ................................ 18
21.   COUNTERPARTS ........................................................ 18
22.   PAYMENTS ............................................................ 18
23.   ADDITIONAL GUARANTORS ............................................... 19
24.   HEADINGS DESCRIPTIVE ................................................ 19
25.   SECOND-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT ........................................ 19
26.   FCC CONSENT ......................................................... 23
27.   CONFLICTS; INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT .................................. 23

                                      (i)

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>rcn_3rdliensecagmt.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.11 - THIRD LIEN SECURITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 99.11

===============================================================================


                               SECURITY AGREEMENT


                                    between


                                RCN CORPORATION


                                      and


                      HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
                         as THIRD-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT


                        ________________________________

                         Dated as of December 21, 2004
                        ________________________________


===============================================================================

<PAGE>

                               SECURITY AGREEMENT
                               ------------------


         SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of December 21, 2004, made by RCN
Corporation (the "Assignor") in favor of HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as collateral agent (together with any successor collateral agent, the
"Third-Lien Collateral Agent"), for the benefit of the Secured Creditors (as
defined below). Certain capitalized terms as used herein are defined in Article
IX hereof. Except as otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms used
herein and defined in the Third-Lien Credit Agreement (as defined below) shall
be used herein as therein defined.


                              W I T N E S S E T H:


         WHEREAS, the Assignor, the lenders from time to time party thereto
(the "Lenders") and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as agent (together
with any successor Agent, the "Third-Lien Administrative Agent"), have entered
into an Amended and Restated Term Loan and Credit Agreement, dated as of
December 21, 2004 (as amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented from time
to time, the "Third-Lien Credit Agreement"), providing for the making of Loans
to the Assignor, all as contemplated therein (the Lenders, the Third-Lien
Administrative Agent and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent are herein called the
"Secured Creditors");

         WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the making of Loans to the
Assignor under the Third-Lien Credit Agreement that the Assignor shall have
executed and delivered to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent this Agreement;

         WHEREAS, the Assignor, various financial institutions from time to
time party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch, as
administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacity, the "First-Lien
Collateral Agent"), have entered into a Credit Agreement, dated as of the date
hereof (as amended, restated, modified, extended, renewed, replaced,
supplemented, restructured and/or refinanced from time to time, the "First-Lien
Credit Agreement");

         WHEREAS, the Assignor and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as
trustee and collateral agent (in such capacity, together with any successors
and assigns, the "Second-Lien Collateral Agent"), have entered into that
certain Indenture, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated,
supplemented, modified and/or refinanced from time to time, the "Second-Lien
Note Indenture") pursuant to which the Borrower will issue its 7?% Convertible
Second Lien Notes due 2012;

         WHEREAS, the Assignor desires to execute this Agreement in order to
satisfy the condition described in the preceding paragraph and to induce the
Lenders to make Loans to the Assignor; and

         WHEREAS, each Assignor is concurrently granting to (x) the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the holders of obligations under the
First-Lien Credit Agreement, a first priority security interest in the
Collateral and (y) to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the

<PAGE>

holders of obligations under the Second-Lien Note Indenture, a second priority
security interest in the Collateral (it being understood that the relative
rights and priorities of the grantees in respect of the Collateral are governed
by the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended,
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
"Intercreditor Agreement"), among the Assignor, the First-Lien Collateral
Agent, the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and
certain other persons party or that may become party thereto from time to
time);

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the benefits accruing to the
Assignor, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
Assignor hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and hereby
covenants and agrees with the Third-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of
the Secured Creditors as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                               SECURITY INTERESTS

         1.1    Grant of Security Interests. (a) Subject to the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement with respect to rights and remedies between the
First-Lien Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, as security
for the prompt and complete payment and performance when due of all of its
Obligations, the Assignor does hereby assign and transfer unto the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent, and does hereby pledge and grant to the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, a continuing security interest
in all of the right, title and interest of the Assignor in, to and under all of
the following personal property and fixtures (and all rights therein) of the
Assignor, or in which or to which the Assignor has any rights, in each case
whether now existing or hereafter from time to time acquired:

         (i)     each and every Account;

         (ii)    all cash and Cash Equivalents;

         (iii)   the Cash Collateral Account and all monies, securities,
                 Instruments and other investments deposited in the Cash
                 Collateral Account;

         (iv)    all Chattel Paper (including, without limitation, all Tangible
                 Chattel Paper and all Electronic Chattel Paper);

         (v)     all Commercial Tort Claims;

         (vi)    all computer programs of the Assignor and all intellectual
                 property rights therein and all other proprietary information
                 of the Assignor, including but not limited to all Software,
                 and all Software licensing rights, all writings, plans,
                 specifications and schematics, all engineering drawings,
                 customer lists, goodwill and licenses, and all recorded data
                 of any kind or nature, regardless of the medium of recording;

         (vii)   all Domain Names;

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

         (viii)  all Trade Secret Rights;

         (ix)    Contracts, together with all Contract Rights arising
                 thereunder;

         (x)     all Copyrights;

         (xi)    all Equipment;

         (xii)   all Deposit Accounts and all other demand, deposit, time,
                 savings, cash management and passbook accounts maintained by
                 the Assignor with any Person and all monies, securities,
                 Instruments and other investments deposited in any of the
                 foregoing;

         (xiii)  all Documents;

         (xiv)   all General Intangibles;

         (xv)    all Goods;

         (xvi)   all Instruments;

         (xvii)  all Inventory;

         (xviii) all Investment Property;

         (xix)   all Letter-of-Credit Rights (whether or not the respective
                 letter of credit is evidenced by a writing);

         (xx)    all Marks;

         (xxi)   all Patents;

         (xxii)  all Permits;

         (xxiii) all Supporting Obligations; and

         (xxiv)  all Proceeds and products of any and all of the foregoing and
                 any item excluded pursuant to the next succeeding sentence
                 (except to the extent such proceeds would independently be
                 excluded pursuant to said sentence) (all of the above, the
                 "Collateral").

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, in no event shall the
Collateral include, and no Assignor shall be deemed to have granted a security
interest (unless and until as further provided below) in (a) any lease,
license, contract, property rights or agreement to which the Assignor is a
party or any of its rights or interests thereunder or property subject thereto
if and for so long as the grant of such security interest shall constitute or
result in (i) the abandonment, invalidation or unenforceability of same or (ii)
in a breach or termination pursuant to the terms of, or a default under, any
such lease, license, contract, property rights or agreement (other than to the

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

extent that any such term in the case of preceding clause (i) or (ii) , as
applicable) would be rendered ineffective pursuant to Sections 9-406, 9-407,
9-408 or 9-409 of the UCC (or any successor provision or provisions) of any
relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable law (including the Bankruptcy
Code) or principles of equity), provided, however, that (x) the security
interests hereunder, shall attach immediately to any portion of such lease,
license, contact, property rights or agreement that does not result in any of
the consequences specified in (i) or (ii) and (y) to any property or assets
described above in this clause (a) on the first date upon which the
circumstances described in preceding clauses (i) and/or (ii) (as relevant) no
longer exist with respect thereto, (b) to the extent such assets are the
property of the Assignor, any property or asset of Starpower Communications,
LLC for so long as the organizational documents of such entity prohibits the
granting of a security interest in such property or asset, or (c) to the extent
such assets are the property of the Assignor, the equity interests of (x)
Megacable, S.A. de C.V., MCM Holdings, S.A. de C.V. and Megacable
Telecommunicaciones, S.A. de C.V. for so long as the organizational documents
of such entities prohibit the granting of a security interest in such equity
interests; provided that such security interest shall attach immediately when
such prohibition is no longer in effect or (y) more than 65% of the Voting
Equity Interests of any Foreign Corporation; provided that each Assignor shall
be required to pledge hereunder 100% of any Non-Voting Equity Interests at any
time and from time to time acquired by such Assignor of any Foreign
Corporation.

         (b)    The security interest of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent under
this Agreement extends to all Collateral which the Assignor may acquire, or
with respect to which the Assignor may obtain rights, at any time during the
term of this Agreement.

         (c)    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the relative
rights and remedies of Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall be subject to and
governed by the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement at any time the
Intercreditor Agreement is in effect. In the event of any inconsistency between
the terms hereof and the Intercreditor Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement
shall control at any time the Intercreditor Agreement is in effect.

         1.2    Power of Attorney. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor
Agreement, the Assignor hereby constitutes and appoints the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent its true and lawful attorney, irrevocably, with full power
after the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default (in
the name of the Assignor or otherwise) to act, require, demand, receive,
compound and give acquittance for any and all moneys and claims for moneys due
or to become due to the Assignor under or arising out of the Collateral, to
endorse any checks or other instruments or orders in connection therewith and
to file any claims or take any action or institute any proceedings which the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent may deem to be necessary or advisable to protect
the interests of the Secured Creditors, which appointment as attorney is
coupled with an interest.

                                  ARTICLE II

               GENERAL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

The Assignor represents, warrants and covenants, which representations,
warranties and covenants shall survive execution and delivery of this
Agreement, as follows:

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

         2.1    Necessary Filings. All filings, registrations, recordings and
other actions necessary or appropriate to create, preserve and perfect the
security interest granted by the Assignor to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
hereby in respect of the Collateral have been accomplished (or will be
accomplished within 5 days after the date of this Agreement or, with respect to
Marks, Patents and Copyrights, within 30 days of the date of this Agreement)
and the security interest granted to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent pursuant
to this Agreement in and to the Collateral creates a valid and, together with
all such filings, registrations, recordings and other actions, a perfected
security interest therein prior to the rights of all other Persons therein and
subject to no other Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and is entitled to all
the rights, priorities and benefits afforded by the Uniform Commercial Code or
other relevant law as enacted in any relevant jurisdiction to perfected
security interests, in each case to the extent that the Collateral consists of
the type of property in which a security interest may be perfected by
possession or control (within the meaning of the UCC as in effect on the date
hereof in the State of New York), by filing a financing statement under the
Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in any relevant jurisdiction or by a filing
of a Grant of Security Interest in the respective form attached hereto in the
United States Patent and Trademark Office or in the United States Copyright
Office. The Assignor hereby authorizes the Third-Lien Collateral Agent to make
duplicate filings as if the Assignor is a Transmitting Utility, or
alternatively, as if the Assignor is a Person which is not a Transmitting
Utility.

         2.2    No Liens. The Assignor is, and as to all Collateral acquired by
it from time to time after the date hereof the Assignor will be, the owner of
all Collateral free from any Lien, security interest, encumbrance or other
right, title or interest of any Person (other than Permitted Liens), and the
Assignor shall defend the Collateral against all claims and demands of all
Persons at any time claiming the same or any interest therein adverse to the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent.

         2.3    Other Financing Statements. As of the date hereof, there is no
financing statement (or similar statement or instrument of registration under
the law of any jurisdiction) covering or purporting to cover any interest of
any kind in the Collateral (other than financing statements filed in respect of
Permitted Liens), and so long as the Termination Date has not occurred, the
Assignor will not execute or authorize to be filed in any public office any
financing statement (or similar statement or instrument of registration under
the law of any jurisdiction) or statements relating to the Collateral, except
financing statements filed or to be filed in respect of and covering the
security interests granted hereby by the Assignor or in connection with
Permitted Liens.

         2.4    Chief Executive Office, Record Locations. The chief executive
office of the Assignor is, on the date of this Agreement, located at the
address indicated on Annex A hereto for the Assignor. During the period of the
four calendar months preceding the date of this Agreement, the chief executive
office of the Assignor has not been located at any address other than that
indicated on Annex A in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence, in
each case unless each such other address is also indicated on Annex A hereto
for the Assignor.

         2.5    Location of Inventory and Equipment. All Inventory and Equipment
held on the date hereof, or held at any time during the four calendar months
prior to the date hereof, by the Assignor is located at one of the locations
shown on Annex B hereto for the Assignor.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

         2.6    Legal Names; Type of Organization (and Whether a Registered
Organization); Jurisdiction of Organization; Location; Organizational
Identification Numbers; Changes Thereto; etc. The exact legal name of the
Assignor, the type of organization of the Assignor, whether or not the Assignor
is a Registered Organization, the jurisdiction of organization of the Assignor,
the Assignor's Location, the organizational identification number (if any) of
the Assignor is listed on Annex C hereto for the Assignor. The Assignor shall
not change its legal name, its type of organization, its status as a Registered
Organization (in the case of a Registered Organization), its jurisdiction of
organization, its Location, or its organizational identification number (if
any) from that used on Annex C hereto, except that any such changes shall be
permitted (so long as not in violation of the applicable requirements of the
Secured Debt Agreements and so long as same do not involve (x) a Registered
Organization ceasing to constitute same or (y) the Assignor changing its
jurisdiction of organization or Location from the United States or a State
thereof to a jurisdiction of organization or Location, as the case may be,
outside the United States or a State thereof) if (i) it shall have given to the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent not less than 15 days' prior written notice of each
change to the information listed on Annex C (as adjusted for any subsequent
changes thereto previously made in accordance with this sentence), together
with a supplement to Annex C which shall correct all information contained
therein for the Assignor, and (ii) in connection with the respective such
change or changes, it shall have taken all action reasonably necessary to
maintain the security interests of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent in the
Collateral intended to be granted hereby at all times fully perfected and in
full force and effect; provided that such actions shall not violate the lien
priority or any other provisions contained in the Intercreditor Agreement. In
addition, to the extent that the Assignor does not have an organizational
identification number on the date hereof and later obtains one, the Assignor
shall promptly thereafter notify the Third-Lien Collateral Agent of such
organizational identification number and shall take all actions reasonably
necessary to maintain the security interest of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
in the Collateral intended to be granted hereby fully perfected and in full
force and effect; provided that such actions shall not violate the lien
priority or any other provisions contained in the Intercreditor Agreement.

         2.7    Trade Names; Etc. The Assignor has or operates in any
jurisdiction under, or in the preceding five years has had or has operated in
any jurisdiction under, no trade names, fictitious names or other names except
its legal name as specified in Annex C and such other trade or fictitious names
as are listed on Annex D hereto for the Assignor. The Assignor shall not assume
or operate in any jurisdiction under any new trade, fictitious or other name
until (i) it shall have given to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent not less than
15 days' written notice of its intention so to do, clearly describing such new
name and the jurisdictions in which such new name will be used and providing
such other information in connection therewith as the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent may reasonably request and (ii) with respect to such new name, it shall
have taken all action reasonably necessary to maintain the security interest of
the Third-Lien Collateral Agent in the Collateral intended to be granted hereby
at all times fully perfected and in full force and effect.

         2.8    Certain Significant Transactions. During the one year period
preceding the date of this Agreement, no Person shall have merged or
consolidated with or into the Assignor, and no Person shall have liquidated
into, or transferred all or substantially all of its assets to, the Assignor,
in each case except as described in Annex E hereto. With respect to any
transactions so described in Annex E hereto, the respective Assignor shall have
furnished such information with respect to the Person (and the assets of the

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

Person and locations thereof) which merged with or into or consolidated with
the Assignor, or was liquidated into or transferred all or substantially all of
its assets to the Assignor, and shall have furnished to the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent such UCC lien searches as may have been requested with respect
to such Person and its assets, to establish that no security interest
(excluding Permitted Liens) continues perfected on the date hereof with respect
to any Person described above (or the assets transferred to the respective
Assignor by such Person), including without limitation pursuant to Section
9-316(a)(3) of the UCC.

         2.9    Non-UCC Property. At any time and from time to time, promptly
(and in any event within 15 days) following the request of the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders, the Assignors shall provide the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent a reasonably detailed list (which includes
reasonable estimates of the fair market value (as determined by the Assignors
in good faith)) of all property owned by all of the Assignors of the types
described in clauses (1), (2) and (3) of Section 9-311(a) of the UCC. At any
time that the fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith or
as shown in any list delivered pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence)
of the property owned by all of the Assignors of the types described in clauses
(1), (2) and (3) of Section 9-311(a) of the UCC exceeds $2,000,000, the
Assignors shall, but only upon the written request of the Required Lenders or
the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, within 60 days of such request (or such longer
period as the Required Lenders or the Third-Lien Collateral Agent may agree to
in writing) take such actions (at their own cost and expense) as may be
required under the respective United States, State or other laws referenced in
Section 9-311(a) of the UCC to perfect the security interests granted herein in
any Collateral where the filing of a financing statement does not perfect the
security interest in such property in accordance with the provisions of Section
9-311(a) of the UCC.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall
not request any information from any Assignor or require any Assignor to take
any action, in each case, pursuant to this Section 2.9 until such time as the
Discharge of First-Lien Obligations and the Discharge of Second-Lien
Obligations has occurred. The Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall not have any
obligation, nor any liability to any Person (including the Lenders), at any
time for failing or omitting to request the list of the fair market value of
the property described in this Section 2.9.

         2.10   As-Extracted Collateral; Timber-to-be-Cut. On the date hereof,
the Assignor does not own, or expect to acquire, any property which
constitutes, or would constitute, As-Extracted Collateral or Timber-to-be-Cut.
If at any time after the date of this Agreement the Assignor owns, acquires or
obtains rights to any As-Extracted Collateral or Timber-to-be-Cut, the Assignor
shall furnish the Third-Lien Collateral Agent with prompt written notice
thereof (which notice shall describe in reasonable detail the As-Extracted
Collateral and/or Timber-to-be-Cut and the locations thereof) and shall take
all actions as may be deemed reasonably necessary or desirable by the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent to perfect the security interest of the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent therein.

         2.11   Collateral in the Possession of a Bailee. If any Inventory or
other Goods are at any time in the possession of a bailee (other than the
First-Lien Collateral Agent), the Assignor shall promptly notify the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent thereof and, if requested by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent,


                                      -7-
<PAGE>

shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly obtain an
acknowledgment from such bailee, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, that the bailee holds such Collateral for
the benefit of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and shall act upon the
instructions of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, without the further consent of
the Assignor. The Third-Lien Collateral Agent agrees with the Assignor that the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall not give any such instructions unless an
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would occur after taking
into account any action by the respective Assignor with respect to any such
bailee.

         2.12   Recourse. This Agreement is made with full recourse to the
Assignor and pursuant to and upon all the warranties, representations,
covenants and agreements on the part of the Assignor contained herein, in the
Secured Debt Agreements and otherwise in writing in connection herewith or
therewith.

                                  ARTICLE III

            SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING ACCOUNTS; CONTRACT RIGHTS;
            INSTRUMENTS; CHATTEL PAPER AND CERTAIN OTHER COLLATERAL

         3.1    Additional Representations and Warranties. As of the time when
each of its Accounts arises, the Assignor shall be deemed to have represented
and warranted that each such Account, and all records, papers and documents
relating thereto (if any) are genuine and what they purport to be, and that all
papers and documents (if any) relating thereto (i) will, to the knowledge of
the Assignor, represent the genuine, legal, valid and binding obligation of the
account debtor evidencing indebtedness unpaid and owed by the respective
account debtor arising out of the performance of labor or services or the sale
or lease and delivery of the merchandise listed therein, or both, (ii) will be
the only original writings evidencing and embodying such obligation of the
account debtor named therein (other than copies created for general accounting
purposes), (iii) will, to the knowledge of the Assignor, evidence true and
valid obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, and
(iv) will be in compliance and will conform in all material respects with all
applicable federal, state and local laws and applicable laws of any relevant
foreign jurisdiction.

         3.2    Maintenance of Records. The Assignor will keep and maintain at
its own cost and expense accurate records of its Accounts and Contracts,
including, but not limited to, originals of all documentation (including each
Contract) with respect thereto, records of all payments received, all credits
granted thereon, all merchandise returned and all other dealings therewith, and
the Assignor will make the same available on the Assignor's premises to the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent for inspection, at the Assignor's own cost and
expense, at any and all reasonable times upon prior notice to the Assignor and
otherwise in accordance with the Third-Lien Credit Agreement. Upon the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default and at the request
of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, the Assignor shall, at its own cost and
expense, deliver all tangible evidence of its Accounts and Contract Rights
(including, without limitation, all documents evidencing the Accounts and all
Contracts) and such books and records to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or to
its representatives (copies of which evidence and books and records may be
retained by the Assignor). Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an
Event of Default and if the Third-Lien Collateral Agent so directs, the
Assignor shall legend, in form and manner satisfactory to the Third-Lien

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

Collateral Agent, the Accounts and the Contracts, as well as books, records and
documents (if any) of the Assignor evidencing or pertaining to such Accounts
and Contracts with an appropriate reference to the fact that such Accounts and
Contracts have been assigned to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and that the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent has a security interest therein.

         3.3    Direction to Account Debtors; Contracting Parties; etc. Upon the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, if the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent so directs the Assignor, the Assignor agrees (x) to cause all
payments on account of the Accounts and Contracts to be made directly to the
Cash Collateral Account, (y) that the Third-Lien Collateral Agent may, at its
option, directly notify the obligors with respect to any Accounts and/or under
any Contracts to make payments with respect thereto as provided in the
preceding clause (x), and (z) that the Third-Lien Collateral Agent may enforce
collection of any such Accounts and Contracts and may adjust, settle or
compromise the amount of payment thereof, in the same manner and to the same
extent as the Assignor. Without notice to or assent by the Assignor, the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent may, upon the occurrence and during the continuance
of an Event of Default, apply any or all amounts then in, or thereafter
deposited in, the Cash Collateral Account toward the payment of the Obligations
in the manner provided in Section 7.4 of this Agreement. The reasonable costs
and expenses of collection (including reasonable attorneys' fees), whether
incurred by an Assignor or the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, shall be borne by
the Assignor. The Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall deliver a copy of each
notice referred to in the preceding clause (y) to the Assignor, provided that
(x) the failure by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent to so notify the Assignor
shall not affect the effectiveness of such notice or the other rights of the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent created by this Section 3.3 and (y) no such notice
shall be required if an Event of Default of the type described in Section
7.01(g) of the Third-Lien Credit Agreement has occurred and is continuing.

         3.4    Modification of Terms; etc. Except in accordance with the
Assignor's ordinary course of business and consistent with reasonable business
judgment or as permitted by Section 3.5, no Assignor shall rescind or cancel
any indebtedness evidenced by any Account or under any Contract, or modify any
material term thereof or make any material adjustment with respect thereto, or
extend or renew the same, or compromise or settle any material dispute, claim,
suit or legal proceeding relating thereto, or sell any Account or Contract, or
interest therein, without the prior written consent of the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent. No Assignor will do anything to impair the rights of the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent in the Accounts or Contracts.

         3.5    Collection. The Assignor shall endeavor in accordance with
reasonable business practices to cause to be collected from the account debtor
named in each of its Accounts or obligor under any Contract, as and when due
(including, without limitation, amounts which are delinquent, such amounts to
be collected in accordance with generally accepted lawful collection
procedures) any and all amounts owing under or on account of such Account or
Contract, and apply forthwith upon receipt thereof all such amounts as are so
collected to the outstanding balance of such Account or under such Contract.
Except as otherwise directed by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent after the
occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Assignor may
allow in the ordinary course of business as adjustments to amounts owing under
its Accounts and Contracts (i) an extension or renewal of the time or times of
payment, or settlement for less than the total unpaid balance, which the
Assignor finds appropriate in accordance with reasonable business judgment and
(ii) a refund or credit due as a result of returned or damaged merchandise or
improperly performed services or for other reasons which the Assignor finds
appropriate in accordance with reasonable business judgment. The reasonable

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees)
of collection, whether incurred by an Assignor or the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent, shall be borne by the Assignor.

         3.6    Instruments. If the Assignor owns or acquires any Instrument in
excess of $100,000 constituting Collateral (other than checks and other payment
instruments received and collected in the ordinary course of business), the
Assignor shall within 10 Business Days notify the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
thereof, and after the Discharge of First-Lien Obligations and Discharge of
Second-Lien Obligations will promptly deliver such Instrument to the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent appropriately endorsed to the order of the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent.

         3.7    Assignor Remains Liable Under Accounts. Anything herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, the Assignor shall remain liable under each of the
Accounts to observe and perform all of the conditions and obligations to be
observed and performed by it thereunder, all in accordance with the terms of
any agreement giving rise to such Accounts. Neither the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent nor any other Secured Creditor shall have any obligation or liability
under any Account (or any agreement giving rise thereto) by reason of or
arising out of this Agreement or the receipt by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
or any other Secured Creditor of any payment relating to such Account pursuant
hereto, nor shall the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any other Secured Creditor
be obligated in any manner to perform any of the obligations of the Assignor
under or pursuant to any Account (or any agreement giving rise thereto), to
make any payment, to make any inquiry as to the nature or the sufficiency of
any payment received by them or as to the sufficiency of any performance by any
party under any Account (or any agreement giving rise thereto), to present or
file any claim, to take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the
payment of any amounts which may have been assigned to them or to which they
may be entitled at any time or times.

         3.8    Assignor Remains Liable Under Contracts. Anything herein to the
contrary notwithstanding, the Assignor shall remain liable under each of the
Contracts to observe and perform all of the conditions and obligations to be
observed and performed by them thereunder, all in accordance with and pursuant
to the terms and provisions of each Contract. Neither the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent nor any other Secured Creditor shall have any obligation or liability
under any Contract by reason of or arising out of this Agreement or the receipt
by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or any other Secured Creditor of any payment
relating to such Contract pursuant hereto, nor shall the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent or any other Secured Creditor be obligated in any manner to perform any
of the obligations of the Assignor under or pursuant to any Contract, to make
any payment, to make any inquiry as to the nature or the sufficiency of any
performance by any party under any Contract, to present or file any claim, to
take any action to enforce any performance or to collect the payment of any
amounts which may have been assigned to them or to which they may be entitled
at any time or times.

         3.9    Deposit Accounts; Etc. (a) No Assignor maintains, or at any time
after the date of this Agreement shall establish or maintain, any demand, time,
savings, passbook or similar account, except for such accounts maintained with
a bank (as defined in Section 9-102 of the UCC) whose jurisdiction (determined

                                     -10-
<PAGE>

in accordance with Section 9-304 of the UCC) is within a State of the United
States. Annex F hereto accurately sets forth, as of the date of this Agreement,
for the Assignor, each Deposit Account maintained by the Assignor (including a
description thereof and the respective account number), the name of the
respective bank with which such Deposit Account is maintained, and the
jurisdiction of the respective bank with respect to such Deposit Account. For
each Deposit Account (other than the Cash Collateral Account or any other
Deposit Account maintained with the Third-Lien Collateral Agent), the
respective Assignor shall cause the bank with which the Deposit Account is
maintained to execute and deliver to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, within 45
days after the date of this Agreement (as such date may be extended by the
First-Lien Collateral Agent) or, if later, at the time of the establishment of
the respective Deposit Account, a "control agreement" in the form of Annex G
hereto (appropriately completed), with such changes thereto as may be
acceptable to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent. If any bank with which a Deposit
Account is maintained refuses to, or does not, enter into such a "control
agreement", then the respective Assignor shall promptly (and in any event
within 45 days after the date of this Agreement or, if later, 30 days after the
establishment of such account) close the respective Deposit Account and
transfer all balances therein to the Cash Collateral Account or another Deposit
Account meeting the requirements of this Section 3.9. If any bank with which a
Deposit Account is maintained refuses to subordinate all its claims, subject to
customary exceptions, with respect to such Deposit Account to the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent's security interest therein on terms satisfactory to the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent, then the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, at its
option, may (x) require that such Deposit Account be terminated in accordance
with the immediately preceding sentence or (y) agree to a "control agreement"
without such subordination, provided that in such event the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent may at any time, at its option, subsequently require that such
Deposit Account be terminated (within 30 days after notice from the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent) (as such date may be extended by the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent) in accordance with the requirements of the immediately preceding
sentence.

         (b)    After the date of this Agreement, no Assignor shall establish
any new demand, time, savings, passbook or similar account, except for Deposit
Accounts established and maintained with banks and meeting the requirements of
preceding clause (a). At the time any such Deposit Account is established, the
appropriate "control agreement" shall be entered into in accordance with the
requirements of preceding clause (a) and the respective Assignor shall furnish
to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent a supplement to Annex F hereto containing
the relevant information with respect to the respective Deposit Account and the
bank with which same is established.

         3.10   Letter-of-Credit Rights. If the Assignor is at any time a
beneficiary under a letter of credit with a stated amount of $1,000,000 or
more, the Assignor shall promptly notify the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
thereof and, at the request of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, the Assignor
shall, pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, use its reasonable best efforts to (i)
arrange for the issuer and any confirmer of such letter of credit to consent to
an assignment to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent of the proceeds of any drawing
under such letter of credit or (ii) arrange for the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
to become the transferee beneficiary of such letter of credit, with the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent agreeing, in each case, that the proceeds of any
drawing under the letter of credit are (subject to the terms of the

                                     -11-
<PAGE>

Intercreditor Agreement) to be applied as provided in this Agreement after the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default.

         3.11   Commercial Tort Claims. All Commercial Tort Claims of the
Assignor in existence on the date of this Agreement are described in Annex H
hereto. If the Assignor shall at any time after the date of this Agreement
acquire a Commercial Tort Claim in an amount (taking the greater of the
aggregate claimed damages thereunder or the reasonably estimated value thereof)
of $1,000,000 or more, the Assignor shall promptly notify the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent thereof in a writing signed by the Assignor and describing the
details thereof and shall grant to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent in such
writing a security interest therein and in the proceeds thereof, all upon the
terms of this Agreement, with such writing to be in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent.

         3.12   Chattel Paper. Upon the request of the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent made at any time or from time to time, the Assignor shall promptly
furnish to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent a list of all Electronic Chattel
Paper held or owned by the Assignor. Furthermore, if requested by the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent, the Assignor shall promptly take all actions which
are reasonably practicable so that the Third-Lien Collateral Agent has
"control" of all Electronic Chattel Paper in accordance with the requirements
of Section 9-105 of the UCC. The Assignor will promptly (and in any event
within 10 days) following any request by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent,
deliver all of its Tangible Chattel Paper to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent.

         3.13   Further Actions. Subject to the exceptions set forth in Article
II and Article III, the Assignor will, at its own expense, make, execute,
endorse, acknowledge, file and/or deliver to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
from time to time such vouchers, invoices, schedules, confirmatory assignments,
conveyances, financing statements, transfer endorsements, certificates, reports
and other assurances or instruments and take such further steps, including any
and all actions as may be necessary or required under the Federal Assignment of
Claims Act, relating to its Accounts, Contracts, Instruments and other property
or rights covered by the security interest hereby granted, as is necessary to
perfect and maintain the security interests granted hereby; provided that such
actions shall not violate the lien priority or any other provisions contained
in the Intercreditor Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE IV

           SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING TRADEMARKS AND DOMAIN NAMES

         4.1    Additional Representations and Warranties. The Assignor
represents and warrants that it is the true and lawful owner of all right,
title and interest in and to the registered Marks and Domain Names listed in
Annex I hereto for the Assignor and that said listed Marks and Domain Names
include all United States marks and applications for United States marks owned
or purported to be owned by the Assignor registered in the United States Patent
and Trademark Office, as well as all Domain Names that the Assignor owns or
purports to own as of the date hereof. The Assignor represents and warrants
that it owns, is licensed to use or otherwise has the right to use any
trademarks, service marks or other indicia of origin, including trade dress,
and any Internet domain names, that it uses. The Assignor further warrants that
it has no knowledge of any third party claim received by it that any aspect of
the Assignor's present or contemplated business operations infringes or will

                                     -12-
<PAGE>

infringe any trademark, service mark or trade name of any other Person other
than as could not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Assignor represents and
warrants that the registrations of Marks listed in Annex I hereto are valid,
subsisting, have not been canceled and that the Assignor is not aware of any
third-party claim that any of said registrations is invalid or unenforceable,
and is not aware that there is any reason that any of said registrations is
invalid or unenforceable, and is not aware that there is any reason that any of
said applications will not mature into registrations, other than as could not,
either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. The Assignor hereby grants to the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent an absolute power of attorney to sign, upon the occurrence and
during the continuance of an Event of Default, any document which may be
required by the United States Patent and Trademark Office or similar registrar
in order to effect an absolute assignment of all right, title and interest in
each Mark and/or Domain Name, and record the same.

         4.2    Licenses and Assignments. Except as otherwise permitted by the
Secured Debt Agreements, the Assignor hereby agrees not to divest itself of any
right under any Mark or Domain Name absent prior written approval of the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent.

         4.3    Infringements. The Assignor agrees, promptly upon learning
thereof, to notify the Third-Lien Collateral Agent in writing of the name and
address of, and to furnish such pertinent information that is likely to be
available with respect to, any party who the Assignor believes is, or may be,
infringing or diluting or otherwise violating any of the Assignor's rights in
and to any Mark or Domain Name in any manner that could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect, or with respect to any party claiming that
the Assignor's use of any Mark or Domain Name material to the Assignor's
business violates in any material respect any property right of that party. The
Assignor further agrees to prosecute diligently in accordance with reasonable
business practices any Person infringing any Mark or Domain Name in any manner
that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

         4.4    Preservation of Marks and Domain Names. The Assignor agrees to
use its Marks and Domain Names which are material to the Assignor's business in
interstate commerce during the time in which this Agreement is in effect and to
take all such other actions as are reasonably necessary to preserve such Marks
as trademarks or service marks under the laws of the United States (other than
any such Marks which Assignor reasonably determines are no longer used or
useful in its business or operations).

         4.5    Maintenance of Registration. The Assignor shall, at its own
expense, diligently process all documents reasonably required to maintain all
Mark and/or Domain Name registrations, including but not limited to affidavits
of use and applications for renewals of registration in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office for all of its material registered Marks, and shall
pay all fees and disbursements in connection therewith and shall not abandon
any such filing of affidavit of use or any such application of renewal prior to
the exhaustion of all administrative and judicial remedies without prior
written consent of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent (other than with respect to
registrations and applications deemed by the Assignor in its reasonable
business judgment to be no longer prudent to pursue).

                                     -13-
<PAGE>

         4.6    Future Registered Marks and Domain Names. If any Mark
registration is issued hereafter to the Assignor as a result of any application
now or hereafter pending before the United States Patent and Trademark Office
or any Domain Name is registered by Assignor, within 60 days of receipt of such
certificate or similar indicia of ownership, the Assignor shall deliver to the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent a copy of such registration certificate or similar
indicia of ownership, and a grant of a security interest in such Mark and/or
Domain Name, to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and at the expense of the
Assignor, confirming the grant of a security interest in such Mark and/or
Domain Name to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder, the form of such
security to be substantially in the form of Annex L hereto or in such other
form as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent.

         4.7    Remedies. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement,
if an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent may, by written notice to the Assignor, take any or all of the following
actions: (i) declare the entire right, title and interest of the Assignor in
and to each of the Marks and Domain Names, together with all trademark rights
and rights of protection to the same, vested in the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, in which event such rights, title and
interest shall immediately vest, in the Third-Lien Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Creditors, and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall be
entitled to exercise the power of attorney referred to in Section 4.1 hereof to
execute, cause to be acknowledged and notarized and record said absolute
assignment with the applicable agency or registrar; (ii) take and use or sell
the Marks or Domain Names and the goodwill of the Assignor's business
symbolized by the Marks or Domain Names and the right to carry on the business
and use the assets of the Assignor in connection with which the Marks or Domain
Names have been used; and (iii) direct the Assignor to refrain, in which event
the Assignor shall refrain, from using the Marks or Domain Names in any manner
whatsoever, directly or indirectly, and the Assignor shall execute such further
documents that the Third-Lien Collateral Agent may reasonably request to
further confirm this and to transfer ownership of the Marks or Domain Names and
registrations and any pending trademark applications in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office or applicable Domain Name registrar to the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent.

                                   ARTICLE V

      SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND TRADE SECRETS

         5.1    Additional Representations and Warranties. The Assignor
represents and warrants that it is the true and lawful owner of all rights in
(i) the Trade Secret Rights, (ii) all right, title and interest in and to the
Patents listed in Annex J hereto for the Assignor and that said Patents include
all the United States patents and applications for United States patents that
the Assignor owns as of the date hereof and (iii) all right, title and interest
in and to the registered Copyrights listed in Annex K hereto for the Assignor
and that said Copyrights include all the United States copyrights registered
with the United States Copyright Office and applications to United States
copyrights that the Assignor owns as of the date hereof. The Assignor further
warrants that it has no knowledge of any third party claim that any aspect of
the Assignor's present or contemplated business operations infringes or will
infringe any patent of any other Person or the Assignor has misappropriated any
trade secret or proprietary information which, either individually or in the
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The


                                     -14-
<PAGE>

Assignor represents and warrants that the Patents listed in Annex J hereto are
valid, subsisting, have not been canceled and that the Assignor is not aware of
any third-party claim that any of said Patents are invalid or unenforceable,
and is not aware that there is any reason that any of said Patents are invalid
or unenforceable, and is not aware that there is any reason that any of said
Patent applications will not mature into issued Patents. The Assignor hereby
grants to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent an absolute power of attorney to
sign, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default,
any document which may be required by the United States Patent and Trademark
Office or the United States Copyright Office in order to effect an absolute
assignment of all right, title and interest in each Patent or Copyright, and to
record the same.

         5.2    Licenses and Assignments. Except as otherwise permitted by the
Secured Debt Agreements, the Assignor hereby agrees not to divest itself of any
right under any Patent or Copyright absent prior written approval of the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent.

         5.3    Infringements. The Assignor agrees, promptly upon learning
thereof, to furnish the Third-Lien Collateral Agent in writing with all
pertinent information available to the Assignor with respect to any
infringement, contributing infringement or active inducement to infringe or
other violation of the Assignor's rights in any Patent or Copyright or to any
claim that the practice of any Patent or use of any Copyright violates any
property right of a third party, or with respect to any misappropriation of any
Trade Secret Right or any claim that practice of any Trade Secret Right
violates any property right of a third party, in each case, in any manner
which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. The Assignor further agrees, absent direction
of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent to the contrary, to diligently prosecute, in
accordance with its reasonable business judgment, any Person infringing any
Patent or Copyright or any Person misappropriating any Trade Secret Right, in
each case to the extent that such infringement or misappropriation, either
individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

         5.4    Maintenance of Patents or Copyrights. At its own expense, the
Assignor shall make timely payment of all post-issuance fees required to
maintain in force its rights under each Patent or Copyright, absent prior
written consent of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent (other than any such Patents
or Copyrights which are no longer used or are deemed by the Assignor in its
reasonable business judgment to no longer be useful in its business or
operations).

         5.5    Prosecution of Patent Applications. At its own expense, the
Assignor shall diligently prosecute all material applications for the United
States Patents listed in Annex J hereto, in each case for the Assignor and
shall not abandon any such application prior to exhaustion of all
administrative and judicial remedies (other than applications that are deemed
by the Assignor in its reasonable business judgment to no longer be necessary
in the conduct of the Assignor's business), absent written consent of the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent.

         5.6    Other Patents and Copyrights. Within 30 days of the acquisition
or issuance of a United States Patent, registration of a Copyright, or
acquisition of a registered Copyright, or of filing of an application for a
United States Patent or Copyright, the Assignor shall deliver to the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent a copy of said Copyright or Patent, or certificate or
registration of, or application therefor, as the case may be, with a grant of a
security interest as to such Patent or Copyright, as the case may be, to the


                                     -15-
<PAGE>

Third-Lien Collateral Agent and at the expense of the Assignor, confirming the
grant of a security interest, the form of such grant of a security interest to
be substantially in the form of Annex M or N hereto, as appropriate, or in such
other form as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent.

         5.7    Remedies. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement,
if an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent may, by written notice to the Assignor, take any or all of the following
actions: (i) declare the entire right, title, and interest of the Assignor in
each of the Patents and Copyrights vested in the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, in which event such right, title, and
interest shall immediately vest in the Third-Lien Collateral Agent for the
benefit of the Secured Creditors, in which case the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
shall be entitled to exercise the power of attorney referred to in Section 5.1
hereof to execute, cause to be acknowledged and notarized and to record said
absolute assignment with the applicable agency; (ii) take and practice or sell
the Patents and Copyrights; and (iii) direct the Assignor to refrain, in which
event the Assignor shall refrain, from practicing the Patents and using the
Copyrights directly or indirectly, and the Assignor shall execute such further
documents as the Third-Lien Collateral Agent may reasonably request further to
confirm this and to transfer ownership of the Patents and Copyrights to the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors.

                                  ARTICLE VI

                      PROVISIONS CONCERNING ALL COLLATERAL

         6.1    Protection of Third-Lien Collateral Agent's Security. Except as
otherwise permitted by the Secured Debt Agreements and the Intercreditor
Agreement, the Assignor will do nothing to impair the rights of the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent in the Collateral. The Assignor will at all times maintain
insurance, at the Assignor's own expense to the extent and in the manner
provided in the Secured Debt Agreements. Except to the extent otherwise
permitted to be retained by the Assignor or applied by the Assignor pursuant to
the terms of the Secured Debt Agreements, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
shall, at the time any proceeds of such insurance are distributed to the
Secured Creditors, apply such proceeds in accordance with Section 7.4 hereof.
The Assignor assumes all liability and responsibility in connection with the
Collateral acquired by it and the liability of the Assignor to pay the
Obligations shall in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the fact
that such Collateral may be lost, destroyed, stolen, damaged or for any reason
whatsoever unavailable to the Assignor.

         6.2    Warehouse Receipts Non-Negotiable. To the extent practicable,
the Assignor agrees that if any warehouse receipt or receipt in the nature of a
warehouse receipt is issued with respect to any of its Inventory, the Assignor
shall request that such warehouse receipt or receipt in the nature thereof
shall not be "negotiable" (as such term is used in Section 7-104 of the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction or under other
relevant law).

         6.3    Additional Information. The Assignor will, at its own expense,
from time to time upon the reasonable request of the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent, promptly (and in any event within 10 days after its receipt of the
respective request) furnish to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent such information
with respect to the Collateral (including the identity of the Collateral or

                                     -16-
<PAGE>

such components thereof as may have been requested by the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent, the value and location of such Collateral, etc.) as may be requested by
the Third-Lien Collateral Agent. Without limiting the forgoing, the Assignor
agrees that it shall promptly (and in any event within 10 days after its
receipt of the respective request) furnish to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
such updated Annexes hereto as may from time to time be reasonably requested by
the Third-Lien Collateral Agent.

         6.4    Further Actions. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor
Agreement and the exceptions set forth in Article III hereof, the Assignor
will, at its own expense, make, execute, endorse, acknowledge, file and/or
deliver to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent from time to time such lists,
descriptions and designations of its Collateral, warehouse receipts, receipts
in the nature of warehouse receipts, bills of lading, documents of title,
vouchers, invoices, schedules, confirmatory assignments, conveyances, financing
statements, transfer endorsements, certificates, reports and other assurances
or instruments and take such further steps relating to the Collateral and other
property or rights covered by the security interest hereby granted, which is
reasonably appropriate or advisable to perfect, preserve or protect the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent's security interest in the Collateral.

         6.5    Financing Statements. Subject to the exceptions set forth in
Article III, the Assignor agrees to execute and deliver to the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent such financing statements, in form reasonably acceptable to
the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, or as are reasonably necessary to establish
and maintain a valid, enforceable, third-priority perfected security interest
in the Collateral (subject to the first-priority lien of the First-Lien
Collateral Agent and the second-priority lien of the Second-Lien Collateral
Agent in and in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) as
provided herein and the other rights and security contemplated hereby. The
Assignor will pay any applicable filing fees, recordation taxes and related
expenses relating to its Collateral. The Assignor hereby authorizes the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent to file any such financing statements without the
signature of the Assignor where permitted by law (and such authorization
includes describing the Collateral as "all assets" of the Assignor).

                                  ARTICLE VII

                REMEDIES UPON OCCURRENCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT

         7.1    Remedies; Obtaining the Collateral Upon Default. The Assignor
agrees that, to the extent not inconsistent with the Intercreditor Agreement,
if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then and in
every such case, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, in addition to any rights now
or hereafter existing under applicable law and under the other provisions of
this Agreement, shall have all rights as a secured creditor under any UCC, and
such additional rights and remedies to which a secured creditor is entitled
under the laws in effect in all relevant jurisdictions and may:

         (i)    personally, or by agents or attorneys, immediately take
     possession of the Collateral or any part thereof, from the Assignor or any
     other Person who then has possession of any part thereof with or without
     notice or process of law, and for that purpose may enter upon the
     Assignor's premises where any of the Collateral is located and remove the

                                     -17-
<PAGE>

     same and use in connection with such removal any and all services,
     supplies, aids and other facilities of the Assignor;

         (ii)   instruct the obligor or obligors on any agreement, instrument or
     other obligation (including, without limitation, the Accounts and the
     Contracts) constituting the Collateral to make any payment required by the
     terms of such agreement, instrument or other obligation directly to the
     Third-Lien Collateral Agent and may exercise any and all remedies of the
     Assignor in respect of such Collateral;

         (iii)  instruct all banks which have entered into a control agreement
     with the Third-Lien Collateral Agent to transfer all monies, securities
     and instruments held by such depositary bank to the Cash Collateral
     Account;

         (iv)   sell, assign or otherwise liquidate any or all of the Collateral
     or any part thereof in accordance with Section 7.2 hereof, or direct the
     Assignor to sell, assign or otherwise liquidate any or all of the
     Collateral or any part thereof, and, in each case, take possession of the
     proceeds of any such sale or liquidation;

         (v)    take possession of the Collateral or any part thereof, by
     directing the Assignor in writing to deliver the same to the Third-Lien
     Collateral Agent at any reasonable place or places designated by the
     Third-Lien Collateral Agent, in which event the Assignor shall at its own
     expense:

                (x)  forthwith cause the same to be moved to the place or places
         so designated by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and there delivered
         to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent;

                (y)  store and keep any Collateral so delivered to the
         Third-Lien Collateral Agent at such place or places pending further
         action by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent as provided in Section 7.2
         hereof; and

                (z)  while the Collateral shall be so stored and kept, provide
         such security and maintenance services as shall be reasonably
         necessary to protect the same and to preserve and maintain it in good
         condition;

         (vi)   subject to any exclusive license issued prior to the Event of
     Default, license or sublicense, whether on an exclusive or nonexclusive
     basis, any Marks, Domain Names, Patents or Copyrights included in the
     Collateral for such term and on such conditions and in such manner as the
     Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall in its sole judgment determine; provided
     in the case of Marks to the maintenance of quality standards, not less
     than comparable to the standards in place at the time of the Event of
     Default;

         (vii)  apply any monies constituting Collateral or proceeds thereof in
     accordance with the provisions of Section 7.4; and

         (viii) take any other action as specified in clauses (1) through (5),
     inclusive, of Section 9-607 of the UCC;

                                     -18-
<PAGE>

it being understood that the Assignor's obligation so to deliver the Collateral
is of the essence of this Agreement and that, accordingly, upon application to
a court of equity having jurisdiction, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall be
entitled to a decree requiring specific performance by the Assignor of said
obligation. By accepting the benefits of this Agreement and each other Security
Document, the Secured Creditors expressly acknowledge and agree that this
Agreement and each other Security Document may be enforced only by the action
of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent acting upon the instructions of the Required
Lenders and that no other Secured Creditor shall have any right individually to
seek to enforce or to enforce this Agreement or to realize upon the security to
be granted hereby, it being understood and agreed that such rights and remedies
may be exercised by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or the holders of at least
a majority of the outstanding Other Obligations, as the case may be, for the
benefit of the Secured Creditors upon the terms of this Agreement and the other
Security Documents. Furthermore, the Assignor agrees to upon the occurrence and
continuance of an Event of Default, use its commercially reasonable efforts to
assist the Third-Lien Collateral Agent in obtaining any approvals or
assignments or licenses from any relevant Governmental Authority that may be
necessary for the exercise of the rights and remedies of the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent with respect to the Collateral.

         7.2    Remedies; Disposition of the Collateral. Subject to the terms of
the Intercreditor Agreement, if any Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, then any Collateral repossessed by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
under or pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof and any other Collateral whether or not
so repossessed by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, may be sold, assigned,
leased or otherwise disposed of under one or more contracts or as an entirety,
and without the necessity of gathering at the place of sale the property to be
sold, and in general in such manner, at such time or times, at such place or
places and on such terms as the Third-Lien Collateral Agent may, in compliance
with any mandatory requirements of applicable law, determine to be commercially
reasonable. Any of the Collateral may be sold, leased or otherwise disposed of,
in the condition in which the same existed when taken by the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent or after any overhaul or repair at the expense of the Assignor
which the Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall determine to be commercially
reasonable. Any such sale, lease or other disposition may be effected by means
of a public disposition or private disposition, effected in accordance with the
applicable requirements (in each case if and to the extent applicable) of
Sections 9-610 through 9-613 of the UCC and/or such other mandatory
requirements of applicable law as may apply to the respective disposition. The
Third-Lien Collateral Agent may, without notice or publication, adjourn any
public or private disposition or cause the same to be adjourned from time to
time by announcement at the time and place fixed for the disposition, and such
disposition may be made at any time or place to which the disposition may be so
adjourned. To the extent permitted by any such requirement of law, the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent may bid for and become the purchaser (and may pay
all or any portion of the purchase price by crediting Obligations against the
purchase price) of the Collateral or any item thereof, offered for disposition
in accordance with this Section 7.2 without accountability to the Assignor. If,
under applicable law, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall be permitted to
make disposition of the Collateral within a period of time which does not
permit the giving of notice to the Assignor as hereinabove specified, the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent need give the Assignor only such notice of
disposition as shall be required by such applicable law. The Assignor agrees to
do or cause to be done all such other acts and things as may be reasonably
necessary to make such disposition or dispositions of all or any portion of the
Collateral valid and binding and in compliance with any and all applicable

                                     -19-
<PAGE>

laws, regulations, orders, writs, injunctions, decrees or awards of any and all
courts, arbitrators or governmental instrumentalities, domestic or foreign,
having jurisdiction over any such sale or sales, all at the Assignor's expense.

         7.3    Waiver of Claims. Except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement, EACH ASSIGNOR HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, NOTICE AND JUDICIAL HEARING IN CONNECTION WITH THE THIRD-LIEN COLLATERAL
AGENT'S TAKING POSSESSION OR THE THIRD-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT'S DISPOSITION OF
ANY OF THE COLLATERAL, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY AND ALL PRIOR NOTICE
AND HEARING FOR ANY PREJUDGMENT REMEDY OR REMEDIES, and the Assignor hereby
further waives, to the extent permitted by law:

         (i)    all damages occasioned by such taking of possession or any such
     disposition except any damages which are the direct result of the
     Third-Lien Collateral Agent's gross negligence or willful misconduct (as
     determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and
     non-appealable decision);

         (ii)   all other requirements as to the time, place and terms of sale
     or other requirements with respect to the enforcement of the Third-Lien
     Collateral Agent's rights hereunder; and

         (iii)  all rights of redemption, appraisement, valuation, stay,
     extension or moratorium now or hereafter in force under any applicable law
     in order to prevent or delay the enforcement of this Agreement or the
     absolute sale of the Collateral or any portion thereof, and the Assignor,
     for itself and all who may claim under it, insofar as it or they now or
     hereafter lawfully may, hereby waives the benefit of all such laws.

Any sale of, or the grant of options to purchase, or any other realization
upon, any Collateral shall operate to divest all right, title, interest, claim
and demand, either at law or in equity, of the Assignor therein and thereto,
and shall be a perpetual bar both at law and in equity against the Assignor and
against any and all Persons claiming or attempting to claim the Collateral so
sold, optioned or realized upon, or any part thereof, from, through and under
the Assignor.

         7.4    Application of Proceeds. (a) Subject to the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement, all moneys collected by the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent (or, to the extent the Pledge Agreement or any other Security Document
requires proceeds of collateral under such other Security Document to be
applied in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent under such other Security Document) upon any sale or other
disposition of the Collateral, together with all other moneys received by the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder, shall be applied as follows:

         (i)    first, to the payment of all amounts owing the Third-Lien
     Collateral Agent of the type described in clauses (iii), (iv) and (v) of
     the definition of "Obligations";

                                     -20-
<PAGE>

         (ii)   second, to the extent proceeds remain after the application
     pursuant to the preceding clause (i), to the payment of all amounts owing
     to any Agent of the type described in clauses (v) and (vi) of the
     definition of "Obligations";

         (iii)  third, to the extent proceeds remain after the application
     pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) and (ii), an amount equal to the
     outstanding Primary Obligations shall be paid to the Secured Creditors as
     provided in Section 7.4(e) hereof, with each Secured Creditor receiving an
     amount equal to its outstanding Primary Obligations or, if the proceeds
     are insufficient to pay in full all such Primary Obligations, its Pro Rata
     Share of the amount remaining to be distributed;

         (iv)   fourth, to the extent proceeds remain after the application
     pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) through (iii), inclusive, an amount
     equal to the outstanding Secondary Obligations shall be paid to the
     Secured Creditors as provided in Section 7.4(e) hereof, with each Secured
     Creditor receiving an amount equal to its outstanding Secondary
     Obligations or, if the proceeds are insufficient to pay in full all such
     Secondary Obligations, its Pro Rata Share of the amount remaining to be
     distributed; and

         (v)    fifth, to the extent proceeds remain after the application
     pursuant to the preceding clauses (i) through (iv), inclusive, and
     following the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.8(a)
     hereof, to the Assignor or to whomever may be lawfully entitled to receive
     such surplus.

         (b)    For purposes of this Agreement, (x) "Pro Rata Share" shall mean,
when calculating a Secured Creditor's portion of any distribution or amount,
that amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to a fraction the numerator of
which is the then unpaid amount of such Secured Creditor's Primary Obligations
or Secondary Obligations, as the case may be, and the denominator of which is
the then outstanding amount of all Primary Obligations or Secondary
Obligations, as the case may be, (y) "Primary Obligations" shall mean all
principal of, premium, fees and interest on, all Third-Lien Loans and all Fees
and (z) "Secondary Obligations" shall mean all Obligations other than Primary
Obligations.

         (c)    When payments to Secured Creditors are based upon their
respective Pro Rata Shares, the amounts received by such Secured Creditors
hereunder shall be applied (for purposes of making determinations under this
Section 7.4 only) (i) first, to their Primary Obligations and (ii) second, to
their Secondary Obligations. If any payment to any Secured Creditor of its Pro
Rata Share of any distribution would result in overpayment to such Secured
Creditor, such excess amount shall instead be distributed in respect of the
unpaid Primary Obligations or Secondary Obligations, as the case may be, of the
other Secured Creditors, with each Secured Creditor whose Primary Obligations
or Secondary Obligations, as the case may be, have not been paid in full to
receive an amount equal to such excess amount multiplied by a fraction the
numerator of which is the unpaid Primary Obligations or Secondary Obligations,
as the case may be, of such Secured Creditor and the denominator of which is
the unpaid Primary Obligations or Secondary Obligations, as the case may be, of
all Secured Creditors entitled to such distribution.

                                     -21-
<PAGE>

         (d)    Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, all
payments required to be made hereunder shall be made to the Third-Lien
Administrative Agent for the account of the Secured Creditors.

         (e)    For purposes of applying payments received in accordance with
this Section 7.4, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely
upon the Third-Lien Administrative Agent for a determination (which the
Third-Lien Administrative Agent agrees (or shall agree) to provide upon request
of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent) of the outstanding Primary Obligations and
Secondary Obligations owed to the Secured Creditors. Unless it has received
written notice from a Secured Creditor to the contrary, the Third-Lien
Administrative Agent and each Representative, in furnishing information
pursuant to the preceding sentence, and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, in
acting hereunder, shall be entitled to assume that no Secondary Obligations are
outstanding.

         (f)    It is understood that the Assignor shall remain liable to the
extent of any deficiency between the amount of the proceeds of the Collateral
and the aggregate amount of the Obligations.

         7.5    Remedies Cumulative. Subject to the terms of (and to the extent
not inconsistent with) the Intercreditor Agreement, each and every right, power
and remedy hereby specifically given to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall
be in addition to every other right, power and remedy specifically given to the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent under this Agreement, the other Secured Debt
Agreements or now or hereafter existing at law, in equity or by statute and
each and every right, power and remedy whether specifically herein given or
otherwise existing may be exercised from time to time or simultaneously and as
often and in such order as may be deemed expedient by the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent. All such rights, powers and remedies shall be cumulative and the
exercise or the beginning of the exercise of one shall not be deemed a waiver
of the right to exercise any other or others. No delay or omission of the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent in the exercise of any such right, power or remedy
and no renewal or extension of any of the Obligations shall impair any such
right, power or remedy or shall be construed to be a waiver of any Default or
Event of Default or an acquiescence thereof. No notice to or demand on the
Assignor in any case shall entitle it to any other or further notice or demand
in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of any of the rights
of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent to any other or further action in any
circumstances without notice or demand. In the event that the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent shall bring any suit to enforce any of its rights hereunder
and shall be entitled to judgment, then in such suit the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent may recover reasonable expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees,
and the amounts thereof shall be included in such judgment.

         7.6    Discontinuance of Proceedings. In case the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent shall have instituted any proceeding to enforce any right, power or
remedy under this Agreement by foreclosure, sale, entry or otherwise, and such
proceeding shall have been discontinued or abandoned for any reason or shall
have been determined adversely to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, then and in
every such case the Assignor, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and each holder
of any of the Obligations shall be restored to their former positions and
rights hereunder with respect to the Collateral subject to the security
interest created under this Agreement, and all rights, remedies and powers of

                                     -22-
<PAGE>

the Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall continue as if no such proceeding had
been instituted.

                                 ARTICLE VIII

                                   INDEMNITY

         8.1    Indemnity. (a) The Assignor agrees to indemnify, reimburse and
hold the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, each other Secured Creditor and their
respective successors, assigns, employees, affiliates and agents (hereinafter
in this Section 8.1 referred to individually as "Indemnitee," and collectively
as "Indemnitees") harmless from any and all liabilities, obligations, damages,
injuries, penalties, claims, demands, actions, suits, judgments and any and all
costs, expenses or disbursements (including reasonable attorneys' fees and
expenses) (for the purposes of this Section 8.1 the foregoing are collectively
called "expenses") of whatsoever kind and nature imposed on, asserted against
or incurred by any of the Indemnitees in any way relating to or arising out of
this Agreement, any other Secured Debt Agreement or any other document executed
in connection herewith or therewith or in any other way connected with the
administration of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the
enforcement of any of the terms of, or the preservation of any rights under any
thereof, or in any way relating to or arising out of the manufacture,
ownership, ordering, purchase, delivery, control, acceptance, lease, financing,
possession, operation, condition, sale, return or other disposition, or use of
the Collateral (including, without limitation, latent or other defects, whether
or not discoverable), the violation of the laws of any country, state or other
governmental body or unit, any tort (including, without limitation, claims
arising or imposed under the doctrine of strict liability, or for or on account
of injury to or the death of any Person (including any Indemnitee), or property
damage), or contract claim; provided that no Indemnitee shall be indemnified
pursuant to this Section 8.1(a) for losses, damages or liabilities to the
extent caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee
(as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and
non-appealable decision). The Assignor agrees that upon written notice by any
Indemnitee of the assertion of such a liability, obligation, damage, injury,
penalty, claim, demand, action, suit or judgment, the Assignor shall assume
full responsibility for the defense thereof. Each Indemnitee agrees to use its
best efforts to promptly notify the Assignor of any such assertion of which
such Indemnitee has knowledge.

         (b)    Without limiting the application of Section 8.1(a) hereof, the
Assignor agrees to pay or reimburse the Third-Lien Collateral Agent for any and
all reasonable fees, costs and expenses of whatever kind or nature incurred in
connection with the creation, preservation or protection of the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent's Liens on, and security interest in, the Collateral,
including, without limitation, all fees and taxes in connection with the
recording or filing of instruments and documents in public offices, payment or
discharge of any taxes or Liens upon or in respect of the Collateral, premiums
for insurance with respect to the Collateral and all other fees, costs and
expenses in connection with protecting, maintaining or preserving the
Collateral and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent's interest therein, whether
through judicial proceedings or otherwise, or in defending or prosecuting any
actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or relating to the Collateral.

                                     -23-
<PAGE>

         (c)    Without limiting the application of Section 8.1(a) or (b)
hereof, the Assignor agrees to pay, indemnify and hold each Indemnitee harmless
from and against any loss, costs, damages and expenses which such Indemnitee
may suffer, expend or incur in consequence of or growing out of any
misrepresentation by the Assignor in this Agreement, any other Secured Debt
Agreement or in any writing contemplated by or made or delivered pursuant to or
in connection with this Agreement or any other Secured Debt Agreement.

         (d)    If and to the extent that the obligations of the Assignor under
this Section 8.1 are unenforceable for any reason, the Assignor hereby agrees
to make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of such
obligations which is permissible under applicable law.

         8.2    Indemnity Obligations Secured by Collateral; Survival. Any
amounts paid by any Indemnitee as to which such Indemnitee has the right to
reimbursement shall constitute Obligations secured by the Collateral. The
indemnity obligations of the Assignor contained in this Article VIII shall
continue in full force and effect notwithstanding the full payment of all of
the other Obligations and notwithstanding the full payment of all the Notes
issued, and Loans made, under the Third-Lien Credit Agreement and the payment
of all other Obligations and notwithstanding the discharge thereof and the
occurrence of the Termination Date.

                                  ARTICLE IX

                                  DEFINITIONS

         The following terms shall have the meanings herein specified. Such
definitions shall be equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the
terms defined.

         "Account" shall mean any "account" as such term is defined in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New
York, and in any event shall include but shall not be limited to, all rights to
payment of any monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, (i)
for property that has been or is to be sold, leased, licensed, assigned or
otherwise disposed of, (ii) for services rendered or to be rendered, (iii) for
a policy of insurance issued or to be issued, (iv) for a secondary obligation
incurred or to be incurred, (v) for energy provided or to be provided, (vi) for
the use or hire of a vessel under a charter or other contract, (vii) arising
out of the use of a credit or charge card or information contained on or for
use with the card, or (viii) as winnings in a lottery or other game of chance
operated or sponsored by a State, governmental unit of a State, or person
licensed or authorized to operate the game by a State or governmental unit of a
State. Without limiting the foregoing, the term "account" shall include all
Health-Care-Insurance Receivables.

         "Agreement" shall mean this Security Agreement as the same may be
amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance
with its terms.

         "As-Extracted Collateral" shall mean "as-extracted collateral" as such
term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof
in the State of New York.

                                     -24-
<PAGE>

         "Assignor" shall have the meaning provided in the recitals of this
Agreement.

         "Cash Collateral Account" shall mean a non-interest bearing cash
collateral account maintained with, and in the sole dominion and control of,
the Third-Lien Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors.

         "Chattel Paper" shall mean "chattel paper" as such term is defined in
the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New
York. Without limiting the foregoing, the term "Chattel Paper" shall in any
event include all Tangible Chattel Paper and all Electronic Chattel Paper.

         "Collateral" shall have the meaning provided in Section 1.1(a) of this
Agreement.

         "Commercial Tort Claims" shall mean "commercial tort claims" as such
term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof
in the State of New York.

         "Contract Rights" shall mean all rights of the Assignor under each
Contract, including, without limitation, (i) any and all rights to receive and
demand payments under any or all Contracts, (ii) any and all rights to receive
and compel performance under any or all Contracts and (iii) any and all other
rights, interests and claims now existing or in the future arising in
connection with any or all Contracts.

         "Contracts" shall mean all contracts between the Assignor and one or
more additional parties (including, without limitation, any interest rate
protection agreements, hedging agreements, licensing agreements and any
partnership agreements, joint venture agreements and limited liability company
agreements).

         "Copyrights" shall mean any United States or foreign copyright now or
hereafter owned by the Assignor, including any registrations of any copyrights,
in the United States Copyright Office or any foreign equivalent office, as well
as any application for a copyright registration now or hereafter made with the
United States Copyright Office or any foreign equivalent office by the
Assignor.

         "Credit Document Obligations" shall have the meaning provided in the
definition of "Obligations" in this Article IX.

         "Deposit Accounts" shall mean all "deposit accounts" as such term is
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the
State of New York.

         "Discharge of First-Lien Obligations" shall have the meaning provided
in the Intercreditor Agreement.

         "Discharge of Second-Lien Obligations" shall have the meaning provided
in the Intercreditor Agreement.

         "Documents" shall mean "documents" as such term is defined in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New
York.

                                     -25-
<PAGE>

         "Domain Names" shall mean all Internet domain names and associated URL
addresses in or to which the Assignor now or hereafter has any right, title or
interest.

         "Electronic Chattel Paper" shall mean "electronic chattel paper" as
such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date
hereof in the State of New York.

         "Equipment" shall mean any "equipment" as such term is defined in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New
York, and in any event, shall include, but shall not be limited to, all
machinery, equipment, furnishings, fixtures and vehicles now or hereafter owned
by the Assignor and any and all additions, substitutions and replacements of
any of the foregoing and all accessions thereto, wherever located, together
with all attachments, components, parts, equipment and accessories installed
thereon or affixed thereto.

         "Event of Default" shall mean any Event of Default under, and as
defined in, the Third-Lien Credit Agreement and shall in any event include,
without limitation, any payment default on any of the Obligations after the
expiration of any applicable grace period.

         "First-Lien Collateral Agent" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals to this Agreement.

         "First-Lien Credit Agreement" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals to this Agreement.

         "General Intangibles" shall mean "general intangibles" as such term is
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the
State of New York.

         "Goods" shall mean "goods" as such term is defined in the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New York.

         "Health-Care-Insurance Receivable" shall mean any
"health-care-insurance receivable" as such term is defined in the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New York.

         "Indemnitee" shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.1(a) of this
Agreement.

         "Instrument" shall mean "instruments" as such term is defined in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New
York.

         "Intercreditor Agreement" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals to this Agreement.

         "Inventory" shall mean merchandise, inventory and goods, and all
additions, substitutions and replacements thereof and all accessions thereto,
wherever located, together with all goods, supplies, incidentals, packaging
materials, labels, materials and any other items used or to be used in
manufacturing, processing, packaging or shipping same, in all stages of

                                     -26-
<PAGE>

production from raw materials through work in process to finished goods, and
all products and proceeds of whatever sort and wherever located any portion
thereof which may be returned, rejected, reclaimed or repossessed by the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent from the Assignor's customers, and shall
specifically include all "inventory" as such term is defined in the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New York.

         "Investment Property" shall mean "investment property" as such term is
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the
State of New York.

         "Lenders" shall have the meaning provided in the recitals of this
Agreement.

         "Letter-of-Credit Rights" shall mean "letter-of-credit rights" as such
term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof
in the State of New York.

         "Location" of the Assignor, shall mean the Assignor's "location" as
determined pursuant to Section 9-307 of the UCC.

         "Marks" shall mean all right, title and interest in and to any
trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, logos, fictitious business
names, and other business identifiers, including the goodwill of the business
of the Assignor associated with each of the foregoing, now held or hereafter
acquired by the Assignor, the right to sue for past or future infringement
thereof and including any registration or application for registration or
renewals thereof of any trademarks and service marks now held or hereafter
acquired by the Assignor, which are registered or filed in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office or the equivalent thereof in any state of the
United States or any equivalent foreign office or agency.

         "Material Adverse Effect" shall mean a material adverse effect on the
business, property, assets, liabilities (actual or contingent), operations or
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Assignor and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole.

         "Obligations" shall mean and include, as to the Assignor, all of the
following:

         (i)    the full and prompt payment when due (whether at stated
     maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all obligations, liabilities and
     indebtedness (including, without limitation, principal, premium, interest
     (including, without limitation, all interest that accrues after the
     commencement of any case, proceeding or other action relating to the
     bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding of the
     Assignor at the rate provided for in the respective documentation, whether
     or not a claim for post-petition interest is allowed in any such
     proceeding), fees, costs and indemnities) of the Assignor to the Secured
     Creditors, whether now existing or hereafter incurred under, arising out
     of, or in connection with, the Third-Lien Credit Agreement and the other
     Credit Documents to which the Assignor is a party (including, without
     limitation, in the event the Assignor is a Guarantor, all such obligations,
     liabilities and indebtedness of the Assignor under its Guaranty) and the
     due performance and compliance by the Assignor with all of the terms,
     conditions and agreements contained in the Third-Lien Credit Agreement and
     in such other Credit Documents (all such obligations, liabilities and
     indebtedness under this clause (i), being herein collectively called the
     "Credit Document Obligations");

                                     -27-
<PAGE>

         (ii)   any and all sums advanced by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or
     the Lenders in order to preserve the Collateral or preserve its security
     interest in the Collateral;

         (iii)  in the event of any proceeding for the collection or enforcement
     of any indebtedness, obligations, or liabilities of the Assignor referred
     to in clause (i) above, after an Event of Default shall have occurred and
     be continuing, the reasonable expenses of retaking, holding, preparing for
     sale or lease, selling or otherwise disposing of or realizing on the
     Collateral, or of any exercise by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent of its
     rights hereunder, together with reasonable attorneys' fees and court
     costs;

         (iv)   all amounts paid by any Indemnitee as to which such Indemnitee
     has the right to reimbursement under Section 8.1 of this Agreement; and

         (v)    all amounts owing to any Agent pursuant to any of the Credit
     Documents in its capacity as such;

it being acknowledged and agreed that the "Obligations" shall include
extensions of credit of the types described above, whether outstanding on the
date of this Agreement or extended from time to time after the date of this
Agreement.

         "Patents" shall mean any patent in or to which the Assignor now or
hereafter has any right, title or interest therein, and any divisions,
continuations (including, but not limited to, continuations-in-parts) and
improvements thereof, including the right to sue for past or future
infringement thereof, as well as any application for a patent now or hereafter
made by the Assignor.

         "Permits" shall mean, to the extent permitted to be assigned by the
terms thereof or by applicable law, all licenses, permits, rights, orders,
variances, franchises or authorizations of or from any governmental authority
or agency.

         "Primary Obligations" shall have the meaning provided in Section
7.4(b) of this Agreement.

         "Pro Rata Share" shall have the meaning provided in Section 7.4(b) of
this Agreement.

         "Proceeds" shall mean all "proceeds" as such term is defined in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York on the date
hereof and, in any event, shall also include, but not be limited to, (i) any
and all proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty payable to
the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or the Assignor from time to time with respect
to any of the Collateral, (ii) any and all payments (in any form whatsoever)
made or due and payable to the Assignor from time to time in connection with
any requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or forfeiture of all or
any part of the Collateral by any governmental authority (or any person acting
under color of governmental authority) and (iii) any and all other amounts from
time to time paid or payable under or in connection with any of the Collateral.

                                     -28-
<PAGE>

         "Registered Organization" shall have the meaning provided in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York.

         "Required Lenders" means, at any time, Lenders having Term Loans (as
defined in the Third-Lien Credit Agreement) representing more than 50% of the
sum of the total principal amount of outstanding Term Loans at such time.

         "Secondary Obligations" shall have the meaning provided in Section
7.4(b) of this Agreement.

         "Second-Lien Collateral Agent" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals of this Agreement.

         "Second-Lien Note Indenture" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals of this Agreement.

         "Secured Creditors" shall have the meaning provided in the recitals of
this Agreement.

         "Secured Debt Agreements" shall mean and include this Agreement and
the other Third-Lien Credit Documents.

         "Software" shall mean "software" as such term is defined in the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the State of New
York.

         "Supporting Obligations" shall mean any "supporting obligation" as
such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date
hereof in the State of New York, now or hereafter owned by the Assignor, or in
which the Assignor has any rights, and, in any event, shall include, but shall
not be limited to all of the Assignor's rights in any Letter-of-Credit Right or
secondary obligation that supports the payment or performance of, and all
security for, any Account, Chattel Paper, Document, General Intangible,
Instrument or Investment Property.

         "Tangible Chattel Paper" shall mean "tangible chattel paper" as such
term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof
in the State of New York.

         "Termination Date" shall have the meaning provided in Section 10.8(a)
of this Agreement.

         "Third-Lien Administrative Agent" shall have the meaning provided in
the recitals of this Agreement.

         "Third-Lien Collateral Agent" shall have the meaning provided in the
first paragraph of this Agreement.

         "Third-Lien Credit Agreement" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals of this Agreement.

                                     -29-
<PAGE>

         "Timber-to-be-Cut" shall mean "timber-to-be-cut" as such term is
defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date hereof in the
State of New York.

         "Trade Secrets" shall mean any secretly held existing engineering or
other data, information, production procedures and other know-how relating to
the design manufacture, assembly, installation, use, operation, marketing, sale
and/or servicing of any products or business of an Assignor worldwide whether
written or not.

         "Trade Secret Rights" shall mean the rights of an Assignor in any
Trade Secret it holds.

         "Transmitting Utility" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 9-102(a)(80) of the UCC.

         "UCC" shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to
time in the relevant jurisdiction.

                                   ARTICLE X

                                 MISCELLANEOUS

         10.1   Notices. Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices,
requests, demands or other communications to or upon the respective parties
hereto shall be sent or delivered by mail, telegraph, telex, telecopy, cable or
courier service and all such notices and communications shall, when mailed,
telegraphed, telexed, telecopied, or cabled or sent by courier, be effective
when deposited in the mails, delivered to the telegraph company, cable company
or overnight courier, as the case may be, or sent by telex or telecopier,
except that notices and communications to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent or
the Assignor shall not be effective until received by the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent or the Assignor, as the case may be. All notices and other communications
shall be in writing and addressed as follows:

         (a)    if to the Assignor, c/o:

                c/o RCN Corporation
                105 Carnegie Center
                Princeton, New Jersey 08540
                Attention: General Counsel
                Telephone No.:  (609) 734-3811
                Telecopier No.: (609) 734-3830

         (b)    if to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, at:

                HSBC Bank USA, National Association
                Issuer Services
                Attention:  Frank J. Godino
                Telephone No.:  (212) 525-1316
                Telecopier No.: (212) 525-1300

                                     -30-
<PAGE>

                Mailing Address:
                452 Fifth Avenue
                New York, New York 10018

                Delivery Address:
                10 East 40th Street, 14th Floor
                New York, New York 10018

         (c)    if to any Secured Creditor (other than the Third-Lien Collateral
     Agent), at such address as such Secured Creditor shall have specified in
     the Third-Lien Credit Agreement;

or at such other address or addressed to such other individual as shall have
been furnished in writing by any Person described above to the party required
to give notice hereunder.

         10.2   Waiver; Amendment. Except as provided in Sections 10.8 and
10.12, subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement (including, without
limitation, Section 5.3 thereof), none of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement may be changed, waived, modified or varied in any manner whatsoever
unless in writing duly signed by the Assignor directly affected thereby (it
being understood that the addition or release of the Assignor hereunder shall
not constitute a change, waiver, discharge or termination affecting the
Assignor other than the Assignor so added or released) and the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent (with the written consent of the Required Lenders).

         10.3   Obligations Absolute. Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor
Agreement, the obligations of the Assignor hereunder shall remain in full force
and effect without regard to, and shall not be impaired by, (a) any bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, readjustment, composition, liquidation
or the like of the Assignor; (b) any exercise or non-exercise, or any waiver
of, any right, remedy, power or privilege under or in respect of this Agreement
or any other Secured Debt Agreement; or (c) any amendment to or modification of
any Secured Debt Agreement or any security for any of the Obligations; whether
or not the Assignor shall have notice or knowledge of any of the foregoing.

         10.4   Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall create a continuing
security interest in the Collateral and shall (i) remain in full force and
effect, subject to release and/or termination as set forth in Section 10.8,
(ii) be binding upon the Assignor, its successors and assigns; provided,
however, that no Assignor shall assign any of its rights or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
(with the prior written consent of the Required Lenders), and (iii) inure,
together with the rights and remedies of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
hereunder, to the benefit of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, the other Secured
Creditors and their respective successors, transferees and assigns. All
agreements, statements, representations and warranties made by the Assignor
herein or in any certificate or other instrument delivered by the Assignor or
on its behalf under this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon
by the Secured Creditors and shall survive the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the other Secured Debt Agreements regardless of any investigation
made by the Secured Creditors or on their behalf.

                                     -31-
<PAGE>

         10.5   Headings Descriptive. The headings of the several sections of
this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not in any way
affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

         10.6   GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL. (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
YORK, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH ASSIGNOR HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY, THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. EACH
ASSIGNOR HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH COURTS LACK
JURISDICTION OVER SUCH ASSIGNOR, AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY LEGAL
ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT
DOCUMENT BROUGHT IN ANY OF THE AFORESAID COURTS THAT ANY SUCH COURT LACKS
JURISDICTION OVER SUCH ASSIGNOR. EACH ASSIGNOR FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO
THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS IN ANY SUCH
ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR
CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO ANY SUCH ASSIGNOR AT ITS ADDRESS FOR
NOTICES AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 10.1 ABOVE, SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE 30
DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING. EACH ASSIGNOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION
TO SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS AND FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO
PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING COMMENCED HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY
OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT THAT SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS WAS IN ANY WAY INVALID OR
INEFFECTIVE. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE THIRD-LIEN COLLATERAL
AGENT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY SECURED CREDITOR, TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY
OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE
PROCEED AGAINST ANY ASSIGNOR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.

         (b)    EACH ASSIGNOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT
MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY OF THE AFORESAID
ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR
ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT BROUGHT IN THE COURTS REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE (a) ABOVE
AND HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY
SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS
BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

         (c)    EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING


                                     -32-
<PAGE>

OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

         10.7   Assignor's Duties. It is expressly agreed, anything herein
contained to the contrary notwithstanding, that the Assignor shall remain
liable to perform all of the obligations, if any, assumed by it with respect to
the Collateral and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall not have any
obligations or liabilities with respect to any Collateral by reason of or
arising out of this Agreement, nor shall the Third-Lien Collateral Agent be
required or obligated in any manner to perform or fulfill any of the
obligations of the Assignor under or with respect to any Collateral.

         10.8   Termination; Release. (a) After the Termination Date, this
Agreement shall terminate (provided that all indemnities set forth herein
including, without limitation in Section 8.1 hereof, shall survive such
termination) and the Third-Lien Collateral Agent, at the request and expense of
the respective Assignor, will promptly execute and deliver to the Assignor a
proper instrument or instruments (including Uniform Commercial Code termination
statements on form UCC-3) acknowledging the satisfaction and termination of
this Agreement, and will duly assign, transfer and deliver to the Assignor
(without recourse and without any representation or warranty) such of the
Collateral as may be in the possession of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and
as has not theretofore been sold or otherwise applied or released pursuant to
this Agreement. As used in this Agreement, "Termination Date" shall mean the
date upon which the Total Commitment under the Third-Lien Credit Agreement has
been terminated, no Third-Lien Note under the Third-Lien Credit Agreement is
outstanding and all Loans thereunder have been repaid in full and all
Obligations then due and payable have been paid in full.

         (b)    Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, in the
event that any part of the Collateral is sold or otherwise disposed of (to a
Person other than a Credit Party) (x) at any time prior to the time at which
all Credit Document Obligations have been paid in full in connection with a
sale or disposition permitted by Section 6.04 of the Third-Lien Credit
Agreement or is otherwise released at the direction of the Required Lenders (or
all the Lenders if required by Section 9.02(b) of the Third-Lien Credit
Agreement) or (y) at any time thereafter, to the extent permitted by the other
Secured Debt Agreements, and in the case of clauses (x) and (y), the proceeds
of such sale or disposition (or from such release) are applied in accordance
with the terms of the Third-Lien Credit Agreement or such other Secured Debt
Agreement, as the case may be, to the extent required to be so applied, the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent, at the request and expense of the Assignor, will
duly release from the security interest created hereby (and will execute and
deliver such documentation, including termination or partial release statements
and the like in connection therewith) and assign, transfer and deliver to the
Assignor (without recourse and without any representation or warranty) such of
the Collateral as is then being (or has been) so sold or otherwise disposed of,
or released, and as may be in the possession of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
and has not theretofore been released pursuant to this Agreement. Furthermore,
upon the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor from the Subsidiaries Guaranty in
accordance with the provisions thereof, the Assignor (and the Collateral at
such time assigned by the respective Assignor pursuant hereto) shall be
released from this Agreement.

         (c)    At any time that an Assignor desires that the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent take any action to acknowledge or give effect to any release
of Collateral pursuant to the foregoing Section 10.8(a) or (b), the Assignor

                                     -33-
<PAGE>

shall deliver to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent a certificate signed by a
principal executive officer of the Assignor stating that the release of the
respective Collateral is permitted pursuant to such Section 10.8(a) or (b). If
reasonably requested by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent (although the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to make such request), the
Assignor shall furnish appropriate legal opinions (from counsel, reasonably
acceptable to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent) to the effect set forth in this
Section 10.8(c).

         (d)    The Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall have no liability
whatsoever to any other Secured Creditor as the result of any release of
Collateral by it in accordance with (or which the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
in the absence of gross negligence and willful misconduct believes to be in
accordance with) this Section 10.8.

         10.9   Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each
of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which
shall together constitute one and the same instrument. A set of counterparts
executed by all the parties hereto shall be lodged with the Assignor and the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent.

         10.10  Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

         10.11  The Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the other Secured Creditors.
Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent will hold in accordance with this Agreement all items of the Collateral
at any time received under this Agreement. It is expressly understood and
agreed that the obligations of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent as holder of the
Collateral and interests therein and with respect to the disposition thereof,
and otherwise under this Agreement, are only those expressly set forth in this
Agreement and in Article VIII of the Third-Lien Credit Agreement. The
Third-Lien Collateral Agent shall act hereunder on the terms and conditions set
forth herein and in Article VIII of the Third-Lien Credit Agreement (the
provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference). The Third-Lien
Collateral Agent makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of
this Agreement.

         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other
Secured Debt Agreement, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and Third-Lien
Administrative Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to any Person party to
any Secured Debt Agreement or to any other Person (including, without
limitation, the Lenders) for failing to perfect or failing to maintain
perfection on any of the security interests granted hereby (including without
limitation, filing any financing statements or continuation statements).

         10.12  Compliance with Laws. The Assignor agrees to use commercially
reasonable efforts, including taking any action which the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent and the Secured Creditors may reasonably request, to assist in obtaining
any required consent or approval of the Federal Communications Commission (the

                                     -34-
<PAGE>

"FCC") or any other governmental or other authority for any sale or transfer of
control of the Collateral contemplated by the security documents pursuant to
the exercise of the rights and remedies of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and
the Secured Creditors thereunder, including, upon request, to prepare, sign and
file with the FCC the assignor's or transferor's and licensee's portions of any
applications required under the rules of the FCC for consent to the assignment
or transfer of control of any FCC construction permit, license or other
authorization.

         The Assignor further consents, subject to obtaining any necessary
approvals, to the assignment or transfer of control of any FCC or other
governmental construction permit, license, or other authorization to operate,
to a receiver, trustee, or similar official or to any purchaser of the
Collateral pursuant to any public or private sale, judicial sale, foreclosure,
or exercise of other remedies available to Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the
Secured Creditors as permitted by applicable law. Notwithstanding anything
herein which may be construed to the contrary, no action shall be taken by any
of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the Secured Creditors with respect to
any license of the FCC unless and until any applicable rules and regulations
thereunder, requiring the consent to or approval of such action by the FCC or
any governmental or other authority, have been satisfied.

         10.13  Conflicts; Intercreditor Agreement. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the lien and security interest granted to the
Third-Lien Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement and the exercise of any
right or remedy by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder are subject to the
provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between
the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control.


   [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK; SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

                                     -35-
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date
first above written.


Address:                                      RCN CORPORATION, as an Assignor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                           By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                              -------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                              Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer               Title: Executive Vice President
                                                        and Chief Financial
                                                        Officer

<PAGE>

Accepted and Agreed to:                       Address:

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,          Issuer Services:
as Third-Lien Collateral Agent                Telephone:  (212) 525-1316
                                              Telecopier: (212) 525-1300
                                              Attention:  Frank J. Godino
By: /s/ Frank J. Godino
   ---------------------------------          Mailing Address:
   Name:  Frank J. Godino                     452 Fifth Avenue
   Title: Vice President                      New York, New York  10018

                                              Delivery Address:
                                              10 East 40th Street, 14th Floor
                                              New York, New York  10018

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                -----------------

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

ARTICLE I SECURITY INTERESTS ...............................................  2

         1.1    Grant of Security Interests ................................  2
         1.2    Power of Attorney ..........................................  4

ARTICLE II GENERAL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS ...............  4

         2.1    Necessary Filings ..........................................  5
         2.2    No Liens ...................................................  5
         2.3    Other Financing Statements .................................  5
         2.4    Chief Executive Office, Record Locations ...................  5
         2.5    Location of Inventory and Equipment ........................  5
         2.6    Legal Names; Type of Organization (and Whether a
                  Registered Organization); Jurisdiction of Organization;
                  Location; Organizational Identification Numbers; Changes
                  Thereto; etc. ............................................  6
         2.7    Trade Names; Etc. ..........................................  6
         2.8    Certain Significant Transactions ...........................  6
         2.9    Non-UCC Property ...........................................  7
         2.10   As-Extracted Collateral; Timber-to-be-Cut ..................  7
         2.11   Collateral in the Possession of a Bailee ...................  7
         2.12   Recourse ...................................................  8

ARTICLE III SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING ACCOUNTS; CONTRACT RIGHTS;
            INSTRUMENTS; CHATTEL PAPER AND CERTAIN OTHER COLLATERAL ........  8

         3.1    Additional Representations and Warranties ..................  8
         3.2    Maintenance of Records .....................................  8
         3.3    Direction to Account Debtors; Contracting Parties; etc. ....  9
         3.4    Modification of Terms; etc. ................................  9
         3.5    Collection .................................................  9
         3.6    Instruments ................................................ 10
         3.7    Assignor Remains Liable Under Accounts ..................... 10
         3.8    Assignor Remains Liable Under Contracts .................... 10
         3.9    Deposit Accounts; Etc. ..................................... 10
         3.10   Letter-of-Credit Rights .................................... 11
         3.11   Commercial Tort Claims ..................................... 12
         3.12   Chattel Paper .............................................. 12
         3.13   Further Actions ............................................ 12

ARTICLE IV SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING TRADEMARKS AND DOMAIN NAMES ....... 12

         4.1    Additional Representations and Warranties .................. 12

                                      (i)
<PAGE>

         4.2    Licenses and Assignments ................................... 13
         4.3    Infringements .............................................. 13
         4.4    Preservation of Marks and Domain Names ..................... 13
         4.5    Maintenance of Registration ................................ 13
         4.6    Future Registered Marks and Domain Names ................... 14
         4.7    Remedies ................................................... 14

ARTICLE V SPECIAL PROVISIONS CONCERNING PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND
          TRADE SECRETS .................................................... 14

         5.1    Additional Representations and Warranties .................. 14
         5.2    Licenses and Assignments ................................... 15
         5.3    Infringements .............................................. 15
         5.4    Maintenance of Patents or Copyrights ....................... 15
         5.5    Prosecution of Patent Applications ......................... 15
         5.6    Other Patents and Copyrights ............................... 15
         5.7    Remedies ................................................... 16

ARTICLE VI PROVISIONS CONCERNING ALL COLLATERAL ............................ 16

         6.1    Protection of Third-Lien Collateral Agent's Security ....... 16
         6.2    Warehouse Receipts Non-Negotiable .......................... 16
         6.3    Additional Information ..................................... 16
         6.4    Further Actions ............................................ 17
         6.5    Financing Statements ....................................... 17

ARTICLE VII REMEDIES UPON OCCURRENCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT ................ 17

         7.1    Remedies; Obtaining the Collateral Upon Default ............ 17
         7.2    Remedies; Disposition of the Collateral .................... 19
         7.3    Waiver of Claims ........................................... 20
         7.4    Application of Proceeds .................................... 20
         7.5    Remedies Cumulative ........................................ 22
         7.6    Discontinuance of Proceedings .............................. 22

ARTICLE VIII INDEMNITY ..................................................... 23

         8.1    Indemnity .................................................. 23
         8.2    Indemnity Obligations Secured by Collateral; Survival ...... 24

ARTICLE IX DEFINITIONS ..................................................... 24

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS .................................................... 30

         10.1   Notices .................................................... 30
         10.2   Waiver; Amendment .......................................... 31
         10.3   Obligations Absolute ....................................... 31
         10.4   Successors and Assigns ..................................... 31
         10.5   Headings Descriptive ....................................... 32

                                      (ii)
<PAGE>

         10.6   GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE;
                  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL ..................................... 32
         10.7   Assignor's Duties .......................................... 33
         10.8   Termination; Release ....................................... 33
         10.9   Counterparts ............................................... 34
         10.10  Severability ............................................... 34
         10.11  The Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the other Secured
                  Creditors ................................................ 34
         10.12  Compliance with Laws ....................................... 34
         10.13  Conflicts; Intercreditor Agreement ......................... 35



ANNEX A    Schedule of Chief Executive Offices Address(es) of Chief
           Executive Office
ANNEX B    Schedule of Inventory and Equipment Locations
ANNEX C    Schedule of Legal Names, Type of Organization (and Whether
           a Registered Organization), Jurisdiction of Organization,
           Location and Organizational Identification Numbers
ANNEX D    Schedule of Trade and Fictitious Names
ANNEX E    Description of Certain Significant Transactions Occurring
           Within One Year Prior to the Date of the Security Agreement
ANNEX F    Schedule of Deposit Accounts
ANNEX G    Form of Control Agreement Regarding Deposit Accounts
ANNEX H    Schedule of Commercial Tort Claims
ANNEX I    Schedule of Marks and Applications; Internet Domain
           Name Registrations
ANNEX J    Schedule of Patents
ANNEX K    Schedule of Copyrights
ANNEX L    Grant of Security Interest in United States Trademarks
ANNEX M    Grant of Security Interest in United States Patents
ANNEX N    Grant of Security Interest in United States Copyrights


                [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                     (iii)

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>nyc4522300.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.12 - THIRD LIEN PLEDGE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                  Exhibit 99.12


                                PLEDGE AGREEMENT
                                ----------------


         PLEDGE AGREEMENT (as amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented
from time to time, this "Agreement"), dated as of December 21, 2004, between RCN
Corporation (the "Pledgor") and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as
collateral agent (the "Third-Lien Collateral Agent" and together with any
successor collateral agent, the "Pledgee"), for the benefit of the Secured
Creditors (as defined below). Except as otherwise defined herein, all
capitalized terms used herein and defined in the Third-Lien Credit Agreement (as
defined below) shall be used herein as therein defined.

                              W I T N E S S E T H :
                              - - - - - - - - - -

         WHEREAS, the Pledgor, the lenders from time to time party thereto (the
"Lenders"), HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as agent (together with any
successor agent, the "Third-Lien Administrative Agent"), have entered into an
Amended and Restated Term Loan and Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21,
2004 (as amended, modified, restated and/or supplemented from time to time, the
"Third-Lien Credit Agreement"), providing for the making of Third-Lien Loans to
the Pledgor, all as contemplated therein (the Lenders, the Third-Lien
Administrative Agent, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and the Pledgee are herein
called the "Secured Creditors");

         WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the making of Third-Lien Loans
to the Pledgor under the Third-Lien Credit Agreement that the Pledgor shall have
executed and delivered to the Pledgee this Agreement; and

         WHEREAS, the Pledgor, various financial institutions from time to time
party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative
agent and collateral agent (in such capacity, the "First-Lien Collateral
Agent"), have entered into a credit agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as
amended, restated, modified, extended, renewed, replaced, supplemented,
restructured and/or refinanced from time to time, the "First-Lien Credit
Agreement");

         WHEREAS, the Assignor and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as
trustee and collateral agent (in such capacity, together with any successors and
assigns, the "Second-Lien Collateral Agent"), have entered into that certain
Indenture, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented,
modified and/or refinanced from time to time, the "Second-Lien Note Indenture")
pursuant to which the Borrower will issue its 7?% Convertible Second Lien Notes
due 2012;

         WHEREAS, the Pledgor desires to execute this Agreement in order to
satisfy the condition described in the second preceding paragraph and to induce
the Lenders to make Third-Lien Loans to the Borrower; and

         WHEREAS, the Pledgor is concurrently granting to (x) the First-Lien
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the holders of obligations under the
First-Lien Credit Agreement, a first priority security interest in the
Collateral and (y) to the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the

<PAGE>

holders of obligations under the Second-Lien Note Indenture, a second priority
security interest in the Collateral (it being understood that the relative
rights and priorities of the grantees in respect of the Collateral are governed
by the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended,
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the
"Intercreditor Agreement"), among the Pledgor, the First-Lien Collateral Agent,
the Second-Lien Collateral Agent, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and certain
other persons party or that may become party thereto from time to time);

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other benefits
accruing to the Pledgor, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Pledgor hereby makes the following representations and
warranties to the Pledgee for the benefit of the Secured Creditors and hereby
covenants and agrees with the Pledgee for the benefit of the Secured Creditors
as follows:

         1.    SECURITY FOR OBLIGATIONS. This Agreement is made by the Pledgor
for the benefit of the Secured Creditors to secure:

         (i)   the full and prompt payment when due (whether at stated maturity,
     by acceleration or otherwise) of all obligations, liabilities and
     indebtedness (including, without limitation, principal, premium, interest
     (including, without limitation, all interest that accrues after the
     commencement of any case, proceeding or other action relating to the
     bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding of the Pledgor
     at the rate provided for in the respective documentation, whether or not a
     claim for post-petition interest is allowed in any such proceeding), fees,
     costs and indemnities) of the Pledgor owing to the Secured Creditors,
     whether now existing or hereafter incurred under, arising out of, or in
     connection with, the Third-Lien Credit Agreement and the other Credit
     Documents to which the Pledgor is a party and the due performance and
     compliance by the Pledgor with all of the terms, conditions and agreements
     contained in the Third-Lien Credit Agreement and in such other Credit
     Documents (all such obligations, liabilities and indebtedness under this
     clause (i), entitled to the benefits of this Agreement being herein
     collectively called the "Credit Document Obligations");

         (ii)  any and all sums advanced by the Pledgee or the Lenders in order
     to preserve the Collateral (as hereinafter defined) or preserve its
     security interest in the Collateral;

         (iii) in the event of any proceeding for the collection or enforcement
     of any indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of the Pledgor referred to
     in clause (i) above, after an Event of Default shall have occurred and be
     continuing, the reasonable expenses of retaking, holding, preparing for
     sale or lease, selling or otherwise disposing of or realizing on the
     Collateral, or of any exercise by the Pledgee of its rights hereunder,
     together with reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs;

         (iv)  all amounts paid by any Indemnitee as to which such Indemnitee
     has the right to reimbursement under Section 11 of this Agreement; and

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

         (v)   all amounts owing to any Agent or any of its affiliates pursuant
     to any of the Credit Documents in its capacity as such;

all such obligations, liabilities, indebtedness, sums and expenses set forth in
clauses (i) through (v) of this Section 1 being herein collectively called the
"Obligations", it being acknowledged and agreed that the "Obligations" shall
include extensions of credit of the types described above, whether outstanding
on the date of this Agreement or extended from time to time after the date of
this Agreement.

         2.    DEFINITIONS. (a) Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized
terms used herein and defined in the Third-Lien Credit Agreement shall be used
herein as therein defined. Reference to singular terms shall include the plural
and vice versa.

         (b)   The following capitalized terms used herein shall have the
definitions specified below:

         "Adverse Claim" shall have the meaning given such term in Section
8-102(a)(1) of the UCC.

         "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph
hereof.

         "Certificated Security" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC.

         "Clearing Corporation" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 8-102(a)(5) of the UCC.

         "Collateral" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 hereof.

         "Collateral Accounts" shall mean any and all accounts established and
maintained by the Pledgee in the name of the Pledgor to which Collateral may be
credited.

         "Credit Document Obligations" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 1(i) hereof.

         "Domestic Corporation" shall mean any corporation or similar entity
organized under the laws of the United States or any State or territory thereof
or the District of Columbia.

         "Event of Default" shall mean any Event of Default under, and as
defined in, the Third-Lien Credit Agreement and shall in any event include,
without limitation, any payment default on any of the Obligations after the
expiration of any applicable grace period.

         "Exempted Foreign Entity" shall mean any Foreign Corporation and any
limited liability company organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than
the United States or any State or Territory thereof that, in any such case, is
treated as a corporation or an association taxable as a corporation for U.S.
Federal income tax purposes.

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

         "Financial Asset" shall have the meaning given such term in Section
8-102(a)(9) of the UCC.

         "First-Lien Collateral Agent" has the meaning given such term in the
Recitals hereto.

         "Foreign Corporation" shall mean any corporation or similar entity
organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States or any
State or territory thereof or the District of Columbia.

         "Indemnitees" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11 hereof.

         "Instrument" shall have the meaning given such term in Section
9-102(a)(47) of the UCC.

         "Intercreditor Agreement" has the meaning given such term in the
Recitals hereto.

         "Investment Property" shall have the meaning given such term in Section
9-102(a)(49) of the UCC.

         "Secured Creditors" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals
hereto.

         "Lenders" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

         "Limited Liability Company Assets" shall mean all assets, whether
tangible or intangible and whether real, personal or mixed (including, without
limitation, all limited liability company capital and interest in other limited
liability companies), at any time owned by the Pledgor or represented by any
Limited Liability Company Interest.

         "Limited Liability Company Interests" shall mean the entire limited
liability company membership interest at any time owned by the Pledgor in any
limited liability company.

         "Location" of the Pledgor has the meaning given such term in Section
9-307 of the UCC.

         "Non-Voting Equity Interests" shall mean all Equity Interests of any
Person which are not Voting Equity Interests.

         "Notes" shall mean all promissory notes, including all intercompany
notes at any time issued to the Pledgor.

         "Obligations" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1 hereof.

         "Partnership Assets" shall mean all assets, whether tangible or
intangible and whether real, personal or mixed (including, without limitation,
all partnership capital and interest in other partnerships), at any time owned
by the Pledgor or represented by any Partnership Interest.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

         "Partnership Interest" shall mean the entire general partnership
interest or limited partnership interest at any time owned by the Pledgor in any
general partnership or limited partnership.

         "Pledged Notes" shall mean all Notes at any time pledged or required to
be pledged hereunder.

         "Pledgee" shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph
hereof.

         "Pledgor" shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph
hereof.

         "Proceeds" shall have the meaning given such term in Section
9-102(a)(64) of the UCC.

         "Registered Organization" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 9-102(a)(70) of the UCC.

         "Required Lenders" shall have the meaning given such term in the
Third-Lien Credit Agreement.

         "Third-Lien Credit Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the
recitals hereto.

         "Second-Lien Collateral Agent" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals of this Agreement.

         "Second-Lien Note Indenture" shall have the meaning provided in the
recitals of this Agreement.

         "Secured Creditors" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals
hereto.

         "Secured Debt Agreements" shall mean and includes this Agreement and
the other Credit Documents.

         "Securities Account" shall have the meaning given such term in Section
8-501(a) of the UCC.

         "Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as
in effect from time to time.

         "Securities Intermediary" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 8-102(14) of the UCC. "Security" and "Securities" shall have the meaning
given such term in Section 8-102(a)(15) of the UCC and shall in any event also
include all Stock and all Notes.

         "Security Entitlement" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

         "Specified Default" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5
hereof.

         "Stock" shall mean all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital
stock or similar equity interests of any Domestic Corporation or Foreign
Corporation at any time owned by the Pledgor.

         "Termination Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 20
hereof.

         "Third-Lien Administrative Agent" shall have the meaning set forth in
the recitals hereto.

         "Transmitting Utility" has the meaning given such term in Section
9-102(a)(80) of the UCC.

         "UCC" shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State
of New York from time to time; provided that all references herein to specific
Sections or subsections of the UCC are references to such Sections or
subsections, as the case may be, of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in
the State of New York on the date hereof.

         "Uncertificated Security" shall have the meaning given such term in
Section 8-102(a)(18) of the UCC.

         "Voting Equity Interests" of any Person shall mean all classes of
Equity Interests of such Person entitled to vote.

         3.    PLEDGE OF SECURITIES, ETC.

         3.1   Pledge. To secure the Obligations now or hereafter owed or to be
performed by the Pledgor (but the rights and remedies between the First-Lien
Collateral Agent and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent are subject to the terms
of the Intercreditor Agreement), the Pledgor does hereby grant, pledge and
assign to the Pledgee for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, and does hereby
create a continuing security interest (subject to those Liens permitted to exist
with respect to the Collateral pursuant to the terms of all Secured Debt
Agreements then in effect) in favor of the Pledgee for the benefit of the
Secured Creditors in, all of its right, title and interest in and to the
following, whether now existing or hereafter from time to time acquired
(collectively, the "Collateral"):

         (a)   each of the Collateral Accounts (to the extent a security
     interest therein is not created pursuant to the Security Agreement),
     including any and all assets of whatever type or kind deposited by the
     Pledgor in any such Collateral Account, whether now owned or hereafter
     acquired, existing or arising, including, without limitation, all Financial
     Assets, Investment Property, monies, checks, drafts, Instruments,
     Securities or interests therein of any type or nature deposited or required
     by the Third-Lien Credit Agreement or any other Secured Debt Agreement to
     be deposited in such Collateral Account, and all investments and all
     certificates and other Instruments (including depository receipts, if any)
     from time to time representing or evidencing the same, and all dividends,
     interest, distributions, cash and other property from time to time

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

     received, receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange
     for any or all of the foregoing;

         (b)   all Securities owned or held by the Pledgor from time to time and
     all options and warrants owned by the Pledgor from time to time to purchase
     Securities;

         (c)   all Limited Liability Company Interests owned by the Pledgor from
     time to time and all of its right, title and interest in each limited
     liability company to which each such Limited Liability Company Interest
     relates, whether now existing or hereafter acquired, including, without
     limitation, to the fullest extent permitted under the terms and provisions
     of the documents and agreements governing such Limited Liability Company
     Interests and applicable law:

               (A)  all its capital therein and its interest in all profits,
         income, surpluses, losses, Limited Liability Company Assets and other
         distributions to which the Pledgor shall at any time be entitled in
         respect of such Limited Liability Company Interests;

               (B)  all other payments due or to become due to the Pledgor in
         respect of Limited Liability Company Interests, whether under any
         limited liability company agreement or otherwise, whether as
         contractual obligations, damages, insurance proceeds or otherwise;

               (C)  all of its claims, rights, powers, privileges, authority,
         options, security interests, liens and remedies, if any, under any
         limited liability company agreement or operating agreement, or at law
         or otherwise in respect of such Limited Liability Company Interests;

               (D)  all present and future claims, if any, of the Pledgor
         against any such limited liability company for monies loaned or
         advanced, for services rendered or otherwise;

               (E)  all of the Pledgor's rights under any limited liability
         company agreement or operating agreement or at law to exercise and
         enforce every right, power, remedy, authority, option and privilege of
         the Pledgor relating to such Limited Liability Company Interests,
         including any power to terminate, cancel or modify any such limited
         liability company agreement or operating agreement, to execute any
         instruments and to take any and all other action on behalf of and in
         the name of any of the Pledgor in respect of such Limited Liability
         Company Interests and any such limited liability company, to make
         determinations, to exercise any election (including, but not limited
         to, election of remedies) or option or to give or receive any notice,
         consent, amendment, waiver or approval, together with full power and
         authority to demand, receive, enforce, collect or receipt for any of
         the foregoing or for any Limited Liability Company Asset, to enforce or
         execute any checks, or other instruments or orders, to file any claims
         and to take any action in connection with any of the foregoing; and

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

               (F)  all other property hereafter delivered in substitution for
         or in addition to any of the foregoing, all certificates and
         instruments representing or evidencing such other property and all
         cash, securities, interest, dividends, rights and other property at any
         time and from time to time received, receivable or otherwise
         distributed in respect of or in exchange for any or all thereof;

         (d)   all Partnership Interests owned by the Pledgor from time to time
     and all of its right, title and interest in each partnership to which each
     such Partnership Interest relates, whether now existing or hereafter
     acquired, including, without limitation, to the fullest extent permitted
     under the terms and provisions of the documents and agreements governing
     such Partnership Interests and applicable law:

               (A)  all its capital therein and its interest in all profits,
         income, surpluses, losses, Partnership Assets and other distributions
         to which the Pledgor shall at any time be entitled in respect of such
         Partnership Interests;

               (B)  all other payments due or to become due to the Pledgor in
         respect of Partnership Interests, whether under any partnership
         agreement or otherwise, whether as contractual obligations, damages,
         insurance proceeds or otherwise;

               (C)  all of its claims, rights, powers, privileges, authority,
         options, security interests, liens and remedies, if any, under any
         partnership agreement or operating agreement, or at law or otherwise in
         respect of such Partnership Interests;

               (D)  all present and future claims, if any, of the Pledgor
         against any such partnership for monies loaned or advanced, for
         services rendered or otherwise;

               (E)  all of the Pledgor's rights under any partnership agreement
         or operating agreement or at law to exercise and enforce every right,
         power, remedy, authority, option and privilege of the Pledgor relating
         to such Partnership Interests, including any power to terminate, cancel
         or modify any partnership agreement or operating agreement, to execute
         any instruments and to take any and all other action on behalf of and
         in the name of the Pledgor in respect of such Partnership Interests and
         any such partnership, to make determinations, to exercise any election
         (including, but not limited to, election of remedies) or option or to
         give or receive any notice, consent, amendment, waiver or approval,
         together with full power and authority to demand, receive, enforce,
         collect or receipt for any of the foregoing or for any Partnership
         Asset, to enforce or execute any checks, or other instruments or
         orders, to file any claims and to take any action in connection with
         any of the foregoing; and

               (F)  all other property hereafter delivered in substitution for
         or in addition to any of the foregoing, all certificates and
         instruments representing or evidencing such other property and all
         cash, securities, interest, dividends, rights and other property at any

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

         time and from time to time received, receivable or otherwise
         distributed in respect of or in exchange for any or all thereof;

         (e)   all Financial Assets and Investment Property owned by the Pledgor
     from time to time;

         (f)   all Security Entitlements owned by the Pledgor from time to time
     in any and all of the foregoing; and

         (g)   all Proceeds of any and all of the foregoing.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Pledgor shall not
be required at any time to pledge hereunder (x) to the extent such equity
interests are the property of the Pledgor, any limited liability company
interests of Starpower Communications, LLC for so long as the organizational
documents of such entity prohibits the granting of a security interest in such
limited liability company interests, (y) to the extent such equity interests are
the property of the Pledgor, any equity interests of Megacable, S.A. de C.V.,
MCM Holdings, S.A. de C.V. and Megacable Telecommunicaciones, S.A. de C.V. for
so long as the organizational documents of such entities prohibits the granting
of a security interest in such equity interests; provided that such security
interest shall attach immediately when such prohibition is no longer in effect
or (z) more than 65% of the Voting Equity Interest of any Foreign Corporation;
provided that the Pledgor shall be required to pledge hereunder 100% of any
Non-Voting Equity Interest at any time and from time to time acquired by the
Pledgor of any Foreign Corporation.

         3.2   Procedures. (a) To the extent that the Pledgor at any time or
from time to time owns, acquires or obtains any right, title or interest in any
Collateral, such Collateral shall automatically (and without the taking of any
action by the Pledgor) be pledged pursuant to Section 3.1 of this Agreement and,
in addition thereto (but subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement),
the Pledgor shall (to the extent provided below and not inconsistent with the
terms of the Intercreditor Agreement) take the following actions as set forth
below (as promptly as practicable and, in any event, within 10 days after it
obtains such Collateral) for the benefit of the Pledgee and the other Secured
Creditors:

         (i)   with respect to a Certificated Security (other than a
     Certificated Security credited on the books of a Clearing Corporation or
     Securities Intermediary), the Pledgor shall physically deliver such
     Certificated Security to the Pledgee, endorsed to the Pledgee or endorsed
     in blank;

         (ii)  with respect to an Uncertificated Security (other than an
     Uncertificated Security credited on the books of a Clearing Corporation or
     Securities Intermediary), the Pledgor shall cause the issuer of such
     Uncertificated Security to duly authorize, execute, and deliver to the
     Pledgee, an agreement for the benefit of the Pledgee and the other Secured
     Creditors substantially in the form of Annex H hereto (appropriately
     completed to the satisfaction of the Pledgee and with such modifications,
     if any, as shall be satisfactory to the Pledgee) pursuant to which such
     issuer agrees to comply with any and all instructions originated by the
     Pledgee in accordance with this Agreement without further consent by the
     registered owner and not to comply with instructions regarding such

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

     Uncertificated Security (and any Partnership Interests and Limited
     Liability Company Interests issued by such issuer) originated by any other
     Person other than a court of competent jurisdiction;

         (iii) with respect to a Certificated Security, Uncertificated Security,
     Partnership Interest or Limited Liability Company Interest credited on the
     books of a Clearing Corporation or Securities Intermediary (including a
     Federal Reserve Bank, Participants Trust Company or The Depository Trust
     Company), the Pledgor shall promptly notify the Pledgee thereof and shall
     promptly take (x) all actions required (i) to comply with the applicable
     rules of such Clearing Corporation or Securities Intermediary and (ii) to
     perfect the security interest of the Pledgee under applicable law
     (including, in any event, under Sections 9-314(a), (b) and (c), 9-106 and
     8-106(d) of the UCC) and (y) such other actions as the Pledgee deems
     necessary or desirable to effect the foregoing;

         (iv)  with respect to a Partnership Interest or a Limited Liability
     Company Interest (other than a Partnership Interest or Limited Liability
     Company Interest credited on the books of a Clearing Corporation or
     Securities Intermediary), (1) if such Partnership Interest or Limited
     Liability Company Interest is represented by a certificate and is a
     Security for purposes of the UCC, the procedure set forth in Section
     3.2(a)(i) hereof, and (2) if such Partnership Interest or Limited Liability
     Company Interest is not represented by a certificate or is not a Security
     for purposes of the UCC, the procedure set forth in Section 3.2(a)(ii)
     hereof;

         (v)   with respect to any Note, physical delivery of such Note to the
     Pledgee, endorsed in blank, or, at the request of the Pledgee, endorsed to
     the Pledgee; and

         (vi)  with respect to cash proceeds from any of the Collateral
     described in Section 3.1 hereof, (i) establishment by the Pledgee of a cash
     account in the name of the Pledgor over which the Pledgee shall have
     "control" within the meaning of the UCC and at any time any Event of
     Default is in existence no withdrawals or transfers may be made therefrom
     by any Person except with the prior written consent of the Pledgee and (ii)
     deposit of such cash in such cash account.

         (b)   In addition to the actions required to be taken pursuant to
Section 3.2(a) hereof, the Pledgor shall take the following additional actions
with respect to the Collateral:

         (i)   with respect to all Collateral of the Pledgor whereby or with
     respect to which the Pledgee may obtain "control" thereof within the
     meaning of Section 8-106 of the UCC (or under any provision of the UCC as
     same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, or under the laws of
     any relevant State other than the State of New York), the Pledgor shall
     take all actions (to the extent not inconsistent with the Intercreditor
     Agreement) so that "control" of such Collateral is obtained and at all
     times held by the Pledgee; and

         (ii)  the Pledgor shall from time to time cause appropriate financing
     statements (on appropriate forms) under the Uniform Commercial Code as in
     effect in the various relevant States, covering all Collateral hereunder
     (with the form of such financing statements to be satisfactory to the

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

     Pledgee), to be filed in the relevant filing offices so that at all times
     the Pledgee's security interest in all Investment Property and other
     Collateral which can be perfected by the filing of such financing
     statements (in each case to the maximum extent perfection by filing may be
     obtained under the laws of the relevant States, including, without
     limitation, Section 9-312(a) of the UCC) is so perfected.

         3.3   Subsequently Acquired Collateral. If the Pledgor shall acquire
(by purchase, stock dividend, distribution or otherwise) any additional
Collateral at any time or from time to time after the date hereof, (i) such
Collateral shall automatically (and without any further action being required to
be taken) be subject to the pledge and security interests created pursuant to
Section 3.1 hereof and, furthermore, the Pledgor will, to the extent not
inconsistent with the Intercreditor Agreement, thereafter take (or cause to be
taken) all action (as promptly as practicable and, in any event, within 10 days
after it obtains such Collateral) with respect to such Collateral in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Section 3.2 hereof and the Intercreditor
Agreement, and will, to the extent not inconsistent with the Intercreditor
Agreement, promptly thereafter deliver to the Pledgee (i) a certificate executed
by an authorized officer of the Pledgor describing such Collateral and
certifying that the same has been duly pledged in favor of the Pledgee (for the
benefit of the Secured Creditors) hereunder and (ii) supplements to Annexes A
through G hereto as are necessary to cause such Annexes to be complete and
accurate at such time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Pledgor shall not be
required to pledge hereunder the equity interests of any Exempted Foreign
Entity.

         3.4   Transfer Taxes. Each pledge of Collateral under Section 3.1 or
Section 3.3 hereof shall be accompanied by any transfer tax stamps required in
connection with the pledge of such Collateral.

         3.5   Certain Representations and Warranties Regarding the Collateral.
The Pledgor represents and warrants that on the date hereof: (i) each Subsidiary
of the Pledgor, and the direct ownership thereof, is listed in Annex B hereto;
(ii) the Stock (and any warrants or options to purchase Stock) held by the
Pledgor consists of the number and type of shares of the stock (or warrants or
options to purchase any stock) of the corporations as described in Annex C
hereto; (iii) such Stock referenced in clause (ii) of this paragraph constitutes
that percentage of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the issuing
corporation as is set forth in Annex C hereto; (iv) the Notes held by the
Pledgor consist of the promissory notes described in Annex D hereto where the
Pledgor is listed as the lender; (v) the Limited Liability Company Interests
held by the Pledgor consist of the number and type of interests of the Persons
described in Annex E hereto; (vi) each such Limited Liability Company Interest
referenced in clause (v) of this paragraph constitutes that percentage of the
issued and outstanding equity interest of the issuing Person as set forth in
Annex E hereto; (vii) the Partnership Interests held by the Pledgor consist of
the number and type of interests of the Persons described in Annex F hereto;
(viii) each such Partnership Interest referenced in clause (viii) of this
paragraph constitutes that percentage or portion of the entire partnership
interest of the Partnership as set forth in Annex F hereto; (ix) the exact
address of each chief executive office of the Pledgor is listed on Annex G
hereto; (x) the Pledgor has complied with the respective procedure set forth in
Section 3.2(a) hereof with respect to each item of Collateral described in
Annexes C through F hereto; and (xi) on the date hereof, the Pledgor owns no
other Securities, Stock, Notes, Limited Liability Company Interests or
Partnership Interests.

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

         4.    APPOINTMENT OF SUB-AGENTS; ENDORSEMENTS, ETC. Subject to the
terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Pledgee shall have the right to
appoint one or more sub-agents for the purpose of retaining physical possession
of the Collateral, which may be held (in the discretion of the Pledgee) in the
name of the relevant Pledgor, endorsed or assigned in blank or in favor of the
Pledgee or any nominee or nominees of the Pledgee or a sub-agent appointed by
the Pledgee.

         5.    VOTING, ETC., WHILE NO EVENT OF DEFAULT OR SPECIFIED DEFAULT.
Unless and until there shall have occurred and be continuing any Event of
Default under the Third-Lien Credit Agreement or a Default under Section 7.01(b)
or 7.01(g) of the Third-Lien Credit Agreement (each such Default, a "Specified
Default"), the Pledgor shall be entitled to exercise any and all voting and
other consensual rights pertaining to the Collateral owned by it, and to give
consents, waivers or ratifications in respect thereof; provided that, in each
case, no vote shall be cast or any consent, waiver or ratification given or any
action taken or omitted to be taken which would violate, result in a breach of
any covenant contained in, or be inconsistent with any of the terms of any
Secured Debt Agreement, or which could reasonably be expected to have the effect
of impairing the value of the Collateral or any part thereof or the position or
interests of the Pledgee or any other Secured Creditor in the Collateral, unless
expressly permitted by the terms of the Secured Debt Agreements. All such rights
of the Pledgor to vote and to give consents, waivers and ratifications shall
cease in case an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and Section 7
hereof shall become applicable.

         6.    DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS. Subject to the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement, unless and until there shall have occurred and be
continuing an Event of Default, all cash dividends, cash distributions, cash
Proceeds and other cash amounts payable in respect of the Collateral shall be
paid to the Pledgor. The Pledgee shall be entitled to receive directly, and to
retain as part of the Collateral:

         (i)   all other or additional stock, notes, certificates, limited
     liability company interests, partnership interests, instruments or other
     securities or property (including, but not limited to, cash dividends other
     than as set forth above) paid or distributed by way of dividend or
     otherwise in respect of the Collateral;

         (ii)  all other or additional stock, notes, certificates, limited
     liability company interests, partnership interests, instruments or other
     securities or property (including, but not limited to, cash (although such
     cash may be paid directly to the Pledgor so long as no Event of Default
     then exists)) paid or distributed in respect of the Collateral by way of
     stock-split, spin-off, split-up, reclassification, combination of shares or
     similar rearrangement; and

         (iii) all other or additional stock, notes, certificates, limited
     liability company interests, partnership interests, instruments or other
     securities or property (including, but not limited to, cash) which may be
     paid in respect of the Collateral by reason of any consolidation, merger,
     exchange of stock, conveyance of assets, liquidation or similar corporate
     or other reorganization.

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

Except as otherwise provided in the Intercreditor Agreement, nothing contained
in this Section 6 shall limit or restrict in any way the Pledgee's right to
receive the proceeds of the Collateral in any form in accordance with Section 3
of this Agreement. To the extent not inconsistent with the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement, all dividends, distributions or other payments which
are received by the Pledgor contrary to the provisions of this Section 6 or
Section 7 hereof shall be received in trust for the benefit of the Pledgee,
shall be segregated from other property or funds of the Pledgor and shall be
forthwith paid over to the Pledgee as Collateral in the same form as so received
(with any necessary endorsement).

         7.    REMEDIES IN CASE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT OR A SPECIFIED DEFAULT.
(a) If there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default, then and
in every such case, to the extent not inconsistent with the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement, the Pledgee shall be entitled to exercise all of the
rights, powers and remedies (whether vested in it by this Agreement, any other
Secured Debt Agreement or by law) for the protection and enforcement of its
rights in respect of the Collateral, and the Pledgee shall be entitled to
exercise all the rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC as in
effect in any relevant jurisdiction and also shall be entitled, without
limitation, to exercise the following rights, which the Pledgor hereby agrees to
be commercially reasonable:

         (i)   to receive all amounts payable in respect of the Collateral
     otherwise payable under Section 6 hereof to the Pledgor;

         (ii)  to transfer all or any part of the Collateral into the Pledgee's
     name or the name of its nominee or nominees;

         (iii) to accelerate any Pledged Note which may be accelerated in
     accordance with its terms, and take any other lawful action to collect upon
     any Pledged Note (including, without limitation, to make any demand for
     payment thereon);

         (iv)  to vote (and exercise all rights and powers in respect of voting)
     all or any part of the Collateral (whether or not transferred into the name
     of the Pledgee) and give all consents, waivers and ratifications in respect
     of the Collateral and otherwise act with respect thereto as though it were
     the outright owner thereof (the Pledgor hereby irrevocably constituting and
     appointing the Pledgee the proxy and attorney-in-fact of the Pledgor, with
     full power of substitution to do so);

         (v)   at any time and from time to time to sell, assign and deliver, or
     grant options to purchase, all or any part of the Collateral, or any
     interest therein, at any public or private sale, without demand of
     performance, advertisement or, notice of intention to sell or of the time
     or place of sale or adjournment thereof or to redeem or otherwise purchase
     or dispose (all of which are hereby waived by the Pledgor), for cash, on
     credit or for other property, for immediate or future delivery without any
     assumption of credit risk, and for such price or prices and on such terms
     as the Pledgee in its absolute discretion may determine, provided at least
     10 days' written notice of the time and place of any such sale shall be
     given to the Pledgor. The Pledgee shall not be obligated to make any such
     sale of Collateral regardless of whether any such notice of sale has
     theretofore been given. The Pledgor hereby waives and releases to the
     fullest extent permitted by law any right or equity of redemption with

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

     respect to the Collateral, whether before or after sale hereunder, and all
     rights, if any, of marshalling the Collateral and any other security or the
     Obligations or otherwise. At any such sale, unless prohibited by applicable
     law, the Pledgee on behalf of the Secured Creditors may bid for and
     purchase all or any part of the Collateral so sold free from any such right
     or equity of redemption. Neither the Pledgee nor any other Secured Creditor
     shall be liable for failure to collect or realize upon any or all of the
     Collateral or for any delay in so doing nor shall any of them be under any
     obligation to take any action whatsoever with regard thereto; and

         (vi)  to set off any and all Collateral against any and all
     Obligations, and to withdraw any and all cash or other Collateral from any
     and all Collateral Accounts and to apply such cash and other Collateral to
     the payment of any and all Obligations.

         (b)   If there shall have occurred and be continuing a Specified
Default, then and in every such case but subject to the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement, the Pledgee shall be entitled to vote (and exercise all
rights and powers in respect of voting) all or any part of the Collateral
(whether or not transferred into the name of the Pledgee) and give all consents,
waivers and ratifications in respect of the Collateral and otherwise act with
respect thereto as though it were the outright owner thereof (the Pledgor hereby
irrevocably constituting and appointing the Pledgee the proxy and
attorney-in-fact of the Pledgor, with full power of substitution to do so).

         8.    REMEDIES, CUMULATIVE, ETC. Each and every right, power and remedy
of the Pledgee provided for in this Agreement or in any other Secured Debt
Agreement (including, without limitation, the Intercreditor Agreement), or now
or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute shall be cumulative and
concurrent and shall be in addition to every other such right, power or remedy.
The exercise or beginning of the exercise by the Pledgee or any other Secured
Creditor of any one or more of the rights, powers or remedies provided for in
this Agreement or any other Secured Debt Agreement (including, without
limitation, the Intercreditor Agreement) or now or hereafter existing at law or
in equity or by statute or otherwise shall not preclude the simultaneous or
later exercise by the Pledgee or any other Secured Creditor of all such other
rights, powers or remedies, and no failure or delay on the part of the Pledgee
or any other Secured Creditor to exercise any such right, power or remedy shall
operate as a waiver thereof. No notice to or demand on the Pledgor in any case
shall entitle it to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other
circumstances or constitute a waiver of any of the rights of the Pledgee or any
other Secured Creditor to any other or further action in any circumstances
without notice or demand. The Secured Creditors agree that this Agreement may be
enforced only by the action of the Pledgee, in each case, acting upon the
instructions of the Required Lenders, and that no other Secured Creditor shall
have any right individually to seek to enforce or to enforce this Agreement or
to realize upon the security to be granted hereby, it being understood and
agreed that such rights and remedies may be exercised by the Pledgee for the
benefit of the Secured Creditors upon the terms of this Agreement and the
Security Agreement.

         9.    APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS. (a) All monies collected by the Pledgee
upon any sale or other disposition of the Collateral pursuant to the terms of

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

this Agreement, together with all other monies received by the Pledgee
hereunder, shall be applied in the manner provided in the Security Agreement.

         (b)   It is understood and agreed that the Pledgor shall remain liable
with respect to its Obligations to the extent of any deficiency between the
amount of the proceeds of the Collateral pledged by it hereunder and the
aggregate amount of such Obligations.

         10.   PURCHASERS OF COLLATERAL. Upon any sale of the Collateral by the
Pledgee hereunder (whether by virtue of the power of sale herein granted,
pursuant to judicial process or otherwise), the receipt of the Pledgee or the
officer making such sale shall be a sufficient discharge to the purchaser or
purchasers of the Collateral so sold, and such purchaser or purchasers shall not
be obligated to see to the application of any part of the purchase money paid
over to the Pledgee or such officer or be answerable in any way for the
misapplication or nonapplication thereof.

         11.   INDEMNITY. The Pledgor agrees (i) to indemnify, reimburse and
hold harmless the Pledgee and each other Secured Creditor and their respective
successors, assigns, employees, agents and affiliates (individually an
"Indemnitee", and collectively, the "Indemnitees") from and against any and all
obligations, damages, injuries, penalties, claims, demands, losses, judgments
and liabilities (including, without limitation, liabilities for penalties) of
whatsoever kind or nature, and (ii) to reimburse each Indemnitee for all
reasonable costs, expenses and disbursements, including reasonable attorneys'
fees and expenses, in each case arising out of or resulting from this Agreement
or the exercise by any Indemnitee of any right or remedy granted to it hereunder
or under any other Secured Debt Agreement (but excluding any obligations,
damages, injuries, penalties, claims, demands, losses, judgments and liabilities
(including, without limitation, liabilities for penalties) or expenses of
whatsoever kind or nature to the extent incurred or arising by reason of gross
negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee (as determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision)). In no event
shall the Pledgee hereunder be liable, in the absence of gross negligence or
willful misconduct on its part (as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision), for any matter or thing in
connection with this Agreement other than to account for monies or other
property actually received by it in accordance with the terms hereof. If and to
the extent that the obligations of the Pledgor under this Section 11 are
unenforceable for any reason, the Pledgor hereby agrees to make the maximum
contribution to the payment and satisfaction of such obligations which is
permissible under applicable law. The indemnity obligations of the Pledgor
contained in this Section 11 shall continue in full force and effect
notwithstanding the full payment of all the Third-Lien Notes issued under the
Third-Lien Credit Agreement and the payment of all other Obligations and
notwithstanding the discharge thereof.

         12.   PLEDGEE NOT A PARTNER OR LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY MEMBER. (a)
Nothing herein shall be construed to make the Pledgee or any other Secured
Creditor liable as a member of any limited liability company or as a partner of
any partnership and neither the Pledgee nor any other Secured Creditor by virtue
of this Agreement or otherwise (except as referred to in the following sentence)
shall have any of the duties, obligations or liabilities of a member of any
limited liability company or as a partner in any partnership. The parties hereto
expressly agree that, unless the Pledgee shall become the absolute owner of

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

Collateral consisting of a Limited Liability Company Interest or a Partnership
Interest pursuant hereto, this Agreement shall not be construed as creating a
partnership or joint venture among the Pledgee, any other Secured Creditor, the
Pledgor and/or any other Person.

         (b)   Except as provided in the last sentence of paragraph (a) of this
Section 12, the Pledgee, by accepting this Agreement, does not intend to become
a member of any limited liability company or a partner of any partnership or
otherwise be deemed to be a co-venturer with respect to the Pledgor, any limited
liability company, partnership and/or any other Person either before or after an
Event of Default shall have occurred. The Pledgee shall have only those powers
set forth herein and the Secured Creditors shall assume none of the duties,
obligations or liabilities of a member of any limited liability company or as a
partner of any partnership or the Pledgor except as provided in the last
sentence of paragraph (a) of this Section 12.

         (c)   The Pledgee and the other Secured Creditors shall not be
obligated to perform or discharge any obligation of the Pledgor as a result of
the pledge hereby effected.

         (d)   The acceptance by the Pledgee of this Agreement, with all the
rights, powers, privileges and authority so created, shall not at any time or in
any event obligate the Pledgee or any other Secured Creditor to appear in or
defend any action or proceeding relating to the Collateral to which it is not a
party, or to take any action hereunder or thereunder, or to expend any money or
incur any expenses or perform or discharge any obligation, duty or liability
under the Collateral.

         13.   FURTHER ASSURANCES; POWER-OF-ATTORNEY. (a) The Pledgor agrees
that it will join with the Pledgee in executing and, at the Pledgor's own
expense, file and refile under the UCC or other applicable law such financing
statements, continuation statements and other documents, in form reasonably
acceptable to the Pledgee, in such filing offices as may be reasonably necessary
or appropriate (to the extent not inconsistent with the Intercreditor Agreement)
and wherever required or permitted by law in order to perfect and preserve the
Pledgee's security interest in the Collateral hereunder and hereby authorizes
the Pledgee to file financing statements and amendments thereto relative to all
or any part of the Collateral (including, without limitation, (x) financing
statements which list the Collateral specifically and/or "all assets" as
collateral and (y) "in lieu of" financing statements) without the signature of
the Pledgor where permitted by law, and agrees to do such further acts and to
execute and deliver to the Pledgee such additional conveyances, assignments,
agreements and instruments as the Pledgee may reasonably require or deem
advisable to carry into effect the purposes of this Agreement or to further
assure and confirm unto the Pledgee its rights, powers and remedies hereunder or
thereunder.

         (b)   The Pledgor hereby constitutes and appoints the Pledgee its true
and lawful attorney-in-fact, irrevocably, with full authority in the place and
stead of the Pledgor and in the name of the Pledgor or otherwise, from time to
time after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, in
the Pledgee's discretion, to act, require, demand, receive and give acquittance
for any and all monies and claims for monies due or to become due to the Pledgor
under or arising out of the Collateral, to endorse any checks or other
instruments or orders in connection therewith and to file any claims or take any
action or institute any proceedings and to execute any instrument which the
Pledgee may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this
Agreement, which appointment as attorney is coupled with an interest.

                                      -16-
<PAGE>

         14.   THE PLEDGEE AS THIRD-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT. Subject to the terms
of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Pledgee will hold in accordance with this
Agreement all items of the Collateral at any time received under this Agreement.
It is expressly understood, acknowledged and agreed by each Secured Creditor
that by accepting the benefits of this Agreement each such Secured Creditor
acknowledges and agrees that the obligations of the Pledgee as holder of the
Collateral and interests therein and with respect to the disposition thereof,
and otherwise under this Agreement, are only those expressly set forth in this
Agreement and in Article VIII of the Third-Lien Credit Agreement. The Pledgee
shall act hereunder on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in Article
VIII of the Third-Lien Credit Agreement (the provisions of which are
incorporated herein by reference). The Pledgee makes no representation as to the
validity or sufficiency of this Agreement.

         15.   TRANSFER BY THE PLEDGORS. Except as permitted (i) prior to the
date all Credit Document Obligations have been paid in full and all Commitments
under the Third-Lien Credit Agreement have been terminated, pursuant to the
Third-Lien Credit Agreement, and (ii) thereafter, pursuant to the other Secured
Debt Agreements, the Pledgor will not sell or otherwise dispose of, grant any
option with respect to, or mortgage, pledge or otherwise encumber any of the
Collateral or any interest therein.

         16.   REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE PLEDGORS. (a)
The Pledgor represents, warrants and covenants as to itself and each of its
Subsidiaries that:

         (i)   it is the legal, beneficial and record owner of, and has good and
     marketable title to, all of its Collateral consisting of one or more
     Securities, Partnership Interests and Limited Liability Company Interests
     and that it has sufficient interest in all of its Collateral in which a
     security interest is purported to be created hereunder for such security
     interest to attach (subject, in each case, to no pledge, lien, mortgage,
     hypothecation, security interest, charge, option, Adverse Claim or other
     encumbrance whatsoever, except the liens and security interests created by
     this Agreement or permitted under the Secured Debt Agreements);

         (ii)  it has full power, authority and legal right to pledge all the
     Collateral pledged by it pursuant to this Agreement;

         (iii) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered
     by the Pledgor and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
     Pledgor enforceable against the Pledgor in accordance with its terms,
     except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be limited by
     applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
     similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and by general equitable
     principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at
     law);

         (iv)  except to the extent already obtained or made, no consent of any
     other party (including, without limitation, any stockholder, partner,
     member or creditor of the Pledgor or any of its Subsidiaries) and no

                                      -17-
<PAGE>

     consent, license, permit, approval or authorization of, exemption by,
     notice or report to, or registration, filing or declaration with, any
     governmental authority is required to be obtained by the Pledgor in
     connection with (a) the execution, delivery or performance of this
     Agreement by the Pledgor, (b) the validity or enforceability of this
     Agreement against the Pledgor (except as set forth in clause (iii) above),
     (c) the perfection or enforceability of the Pledgee's security interest in
     the Pledgor's Collateral or (d) except for compliance with or as may be
     required by applicable securities laws, the exercise by the Pledgee of any
     of its rights or remedies provided herein;

         (v)   neither the execution, delivery or performance by the Pledgor of
     this Agreement, or any other Secured Debt Agreement to which it is a party,
     nor compliance by it with the terms and provisions hereof and thereof nor
     the consummation of the transactions contemplated therein: (i) will
     contravene any provision of any applicable law, statute, rule or
     regulation, or any applicable order, writ, injunction or decree of any
     court, arbitrator or governmental instrumentality, domestic or foreign,
     applicable to the Pledgor; (ii) will conflict or be inconsistent with or
     result in any breach of any of the terms, covenants, conditions or
     provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or
     imposition of (or the obligation to create or impose) any Lien (except
     pursuant to the Security Documents) upon any of the properties or assets of
     the Pledgor or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of any
     indenture, material lease, material mortgage, material deed of trust,
     credit agreement, loan agreement or any other material agreement, contract
     or other instrument to which the Pledgor or any of its Subsidiaries is a
     party or is otherwise bound, or by which it or any of its properties or
     assets is bound or to which it may be subject; or (iii) will violate any
     provision of the certificate of incorporation, by-laws, certificate of
     partnership, partnership agreement, certificate of formation or limited
     liability company agreement (or equivalent organizational documents), as
     the case may be, of the Pledgor or any of its Subsidiaries;

         (vi)  all of the Pledgor's Collateral (consisting of Securities,
     Limited Liability Company Interests and Partnership Interests) has been
     duly and validly issued, is fully paid and non-assessable and is subject to
     no options to purchase or similar rights;

         (vii) each of the Pledgor's Pledged Notes constitutes, or when executed
     by the obligor thereof will constitute, the legal, valid and binding
     obligation of such obligor, enforceable in accordance with its terms,
     except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be limited by
     applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
     similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and by general equitable
     principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at
     law);

         (viii) the pledge, collateral assignment and delivery to the Pledgee of
     the Pledgor's Collateral consisting of Certificated Securities and Pledged
     Notes pursuant to this Agreement creates a valid and perfected third
     priority security interest in such Certificated Securities and Pledged
     Notes (subject in priority to the Lien of the First-Lien Collateral Agent
     and the Second-Lien Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms of the
     Intercreditor Agreement), and the proceeds thereof, subject to no prior
     Lien or encumbrance or to any agreement purporting to grant to any third
     party a Lien or encumbrance on the property or assets of the Pledgor which

                                      -18-
<PAGE>

     would include the Securities (other than the liens and security interests
     permitted under the Secured Debt Agreements then in effect) and the Pledgee
     is entitled to all the rights, priorities and benefits afforded by the UCC
     or other relevant law as enacted in any relevant jurisdiction to perfect
     security interests in respect of such Collateral; and

         (ix)  "control" (as defined in Section 8-106 of the UCC) has been
     obtained by the Pledgee over all of the Pledgor's Collateral consisting of
     Securities (including, without limitation, Notes which are Securities) with
     respect to which such "control" may be obtained pursuant to Section 8-106
     of the UCC, except to the extent that the obligation of the applicable
     Pledgor to provide the Pledgee with "control" of such Collateral has not
     yet arisen under this Agreement; provided that in the case of the Pledgee
     obtaining "control" over Collateral consisting of a Security Entitlement,
     the Pledgor shall have taken all steps in its control so that the Pledgee
     obtains "control" over such Security Entitlement.

         (b)   The Pledgor covenants and agrees that it will defend the
Pledgee's right, title and security interest in and to the Pledgor's Collateral
and the proceeds thereof against the claims and demands of all persons
whomsoever; and the Pledgor covenants and agrees that it will have like title to
and right to pledge any other property at any time hereafter pledged to the
Pledgee by the Pledgor as Collateral hereunder and will likewise defend the
right thereto and security interest therein of the Pledgee and the other Secured
Creditors.

         (c)   The Pledgor covenants and agrees that it will take no action
which would violate any of the terms of any Secured Debt Agreement.

         (d)   The Pledgor hereby authorizes the Third-Lien Collateral Agent to
make duplicate filings as if the Pledgor is a Transmitting Utility, or
alternatively, as if the Pledgor is a Person which is not a Transmitting
Utility.

         17.   LEGAL NAMES; TYPE OF ORGANIZATION (AND WHETHER A REGISTERED
ORGANIZATION); JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION; LOCATION; ORGANIZATIONAL
IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS; CHANGES THERETO; ETC. The exact legal name of the
Pledgor, the type of organization of the Pledgor, whether or not the Pledgor is
a Registered Organization, the jurisdiction of organization of the Pledgor, the
Pledgor's Location, the organizational identification number (if any) of the
Pledgor is listed on Annex A hereto for the Pledgor. The Pledgor shall not
change its legal name, its type of organization, its status as a Registered
Organization (in the case of a Registered Organization), its jurisdiction of
organization, its Location, or its organizational identification number (if
any), except that any such changes shall be permitted (so long as not in
violation of the applicable requirements of the Secured Debt Agreements and so
long as same do not involve (x) a Registered Organization ceasing to constitute
same or (y) the Pledgor changing its jurisdiction of organization or Location
from the United States or a State thereof to a jurisdiction of organization or
Location, as the case may be, outside the United States or a State thereof) if
(i) it shall have given to the Third-Lien Collateral Agent not less than 15
days' prior written notice of each change to the information listed on Annex A
(as adjusted for any subsequent changes thereto previously made in accordance
with this sentence), together with a supplement to Annex A which shall correct

                                      -19-
<PAGE>

all information contained therein for the Pledgor, and (ii) in connection with
the respective such change or changes, it shall have taken all action reasonably
necessary to maintain the security interests of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
in the Collateral intended to be granted hereby at all times fully perfected and
in full force and effect; provided that such actions shall not violate the lien
priority or any other provisions contained in the Intercreditor Agreement. In
addition, to the extent that the Pledgor does not have an organizational
identification number on the date hereof and later obtains one, the Pledgor
shall promptly thereafter deliver a notification of the Third-Lien Collateral
Agent of such organizational identification number and shall take all actions
reasonably necessary to maintain the security interest of the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent in the Collateral intended to be granted hereby fully perfected
and in full force and effect; provided that such actions shall not violate the
lien priority or any other provisions contained in the Intercreditor Agreement.

         18.   PLEDGORS' OBLIGATIONS ABSOLUTE, ETC. The obligations of the
Pledgor under this Agreement shall be absolute and unconditional and shall
remain in full force and effect without regard to, and shall not be released,
suspended, discharged, terminated or otherwise affected by, any circumstance or
occurrence whatsoever (other than termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 20 hereof), including, without limitation:

         (i)   any renewal, extension, amendment or modification of, or addition
     or supplement to or deletion from any Secured Debt Agreement (other than
     this Agreement in accordance with its terms), or any other instrument or
     agreement referred to therein, or any assignment or transfer of any
     thereof;

         (ii)  any waiver, consent, extension, indulgence or other action or
     inaction under or in respect of any such agreement or instrument including,
     without limitation, this Agreement (other than a waiver, consent or
     extension with respect to this Agreement in accordance with its terms);

         (iii) any furnishing of any additional security to the Pledgee or its
     assignee or any acceptance thereof or any release of any security by the
     Pledgee or its assignee;

         (iv)  any limitation on any party's liability or obligations under any
     such instrument or agreement or any invalidity or unenforceability, in
     whole or in part, of any such instrument or agreement or any term thereof;
     or

         (v)   any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, composition,
     adjustment, dissolution, liquidation or other like proceeding relating to
     the Pledgor or any Subsidiary of the Pledgor, or any action taken with
     respect to this Agreement by any trustee or receiver, or by any court, in
     any such proceeding, whether or not the Pledgor shall have notice or
     knowledge of any of the foregoing.

         19.   SALE OF COLLATERAL WITHOUT REGISTRATION. Subject to the terms of
the Intercreditor Agreement:

         (a)   If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and
the Pledgor shall have received from the Pledgee a written request or requests
that the Pledgor cause any registration, qualification or compliance under any
federal or state securities law or laws to be effected with respect to all or

                                      -20-
<PAGE>

any part of the Collateral consisting of Securities, Limited Liability Company
Interests or Partnership Interests, the Pledgor as soon as practicable and at
its expense will use its best efforts to cause such registration to be effected
(and be kept effective) and will use its best efforts to cause such
qualification and compliance to be effected (and be kept effective) as may be so
requested and as would permit or facilitate the sale and distribution of such
Collateral consisting of Securities, Limited Liability Company Interests or
Partnership Interests, including, without limitation, registration under the
Securities Act, as then in effect (or any similar statute then in effect),
appropriate qualifications under applicable blue sky or other state securities
laws and appropriate compliance with any other governmental requirements;
provided, that the Pledgee shall furnish to the Pledgor such information
regarding the Pledgee as the Pledgor may request in writing and as shall be
required in connection with any such registration, qualification or compliance.
The Pledgor will cause the Pledgee to be kept reasonably advised in writing as
to the progress of each such registration, qualification or compliance and as to
the completion thereof, will furnish to the Pledgee such number of prospectuses,
offering circulars and other documents incident thereto as the Pledgee from time
to time may reasonably request, and will indemnify, to the extent permitted by
law, the Pledgee and all other Secured Creditors participating in the
distribution of such Collateral consisting of Securities, Limited Liability
Company Interests or Partnership Interests against all claims, losses, damages
and liabilities caused by any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of
a material fact contained therein (or in any related registration statement,
notification or the like) or by any omission (or alleged omission) to state
therein (or in any related registration statement, notification or the like) a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, except insofar as the same may have been caused by an
untrue statement or omission based upon information furnished in writing to the
Pledgor by the Pledgee or such other Secured Creditor expressly for use therein.

         (b)   If at any time when the Pledgee shall determine to exercise its
right to sell all or any part of the Collateral consisting of Securities,
Limited Liability Company Interests or Partnership Interests pursuant to Section
7 hereof, and such Collateral or the part thereof to be sold shall not, for any
reason whatsoever, be effectively registered under the Securities Act, as then
in effect, the Pledgee may, in its sole and absolute discretion, sell such
Collateral or part thereof by private sale in such manner and under such
circumstances as the Pledgee may deem necessary or advisable in order that such
sale may legally be effected without such registration. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, in any such event the Pledgee, in its sole and
absolute discretion (i) may proceed to make such private sale notwithstanding
that a registration statement for the purpose of registering such Collateral or
part thereof shall have been filed under such Securities Act, (ii) may approach
and negotiate with a single possible purchaser to effect such sale, and (iii)
may restrict such sale to a purchaser who will represent and agree that such
purchaser is purchasing for its own account, for investment, and not with a view
to the distribution or sale of such Collateral or part thereof. In the event of
any such sale, the Pledgee shall incur no responsibility or liability for
selling all or any part of the Collateral at a price which the Pledgee, in its
sole and absolute discretion, may in good faith deem reasonable under the
circumstances, notwithstanding the possibility that a substantially higher price
might be realized if the sale were deferred until the registration as aforesaid.

         20.   TERMINATION; RELEASE. (a) On the Termination Date (as defined
below), this Agreement shall terminate (provided that all indemnities set forth
herein including, without limitation, in Section 11 hereof shall survive any

                                      -21-
<PAGE>

such termination) and the Pledgee, at the request and expense of the Pledgor,
will execute and deliver to the Pledgor a proper instrument or instruments
(including UCC termination statements) acknowledging the satisfaction and
termination of this Agreement (including, without limitation, UCC termination
statements and instruments of satisfaction, discharge and/or reconveyance), and
will duly release from the security interest created hereby and assign, transfer
and deliver to the Pledgor (without recourse and without any representation or
warranty) such of the Collateral as may be in the possession of the Pledgee and
as has not theretofore been sold or otherwise applied or released pursuant to
this Agreement, together with any moneys at the time held by the Pledgee or any
of its sub-agents hereunder and, with respect to any Collateral consisting of an
Uncertificated Security, a Partnership Interest or a Limited Liability Company
Interest (other than an Uncertificated Security, Partnership Interest or Limited
Liability Company Interest credited on the books of a Clearing Corporation or
Securities Intermediary), a termination of the agreement relating thereto
executed and delivered by the issuer of such Uncertificated Security pursuant to
Section 3.2(a)(ii) or by the respective partnership or limited liability company
pursuant to Section 3.2(a)(iv)(2). As used in this Agreement, "Termination Date"
shall mean the date upon which all Loans under the Third-Lien Credit Agreement
have been repaid in full and all other Obligations (other than indemnities
described in Section 11 hereof and described in Section 9.03 of the Third-Lien
Credit Agreement, and any other indemnities set forth in any other Security
Documents, in each case which are not then due and payable) then due and payable
have been paid in full.

         (b)   In the event that any part of the Collateral is sold or otherwise
disposed of (to a Person other than to a Pledgor) (x) at any time prior to the
time at which all Credit Document Obligations have been paid in full, in
connection with a sale or disposition permitted by the Third-Lien Credit
Agreement or is otherwise released at the direction of the Required Lenders (or
all the Lenders if required by Section 9.02(b) of the Third-Lien Credit
Agreement) or (y) at any time thereafter, to the extent permitted by the other
Secured Debt Agreements, and in the case of clauses (x) and (y), the proceeds of
such sale or disposition (or from such release) are applied in accordance with
the terms of the Third-Lien Credit Agreement or such other Secured Debt
Agreement, as the case may be, to the extent required to be so applied, the
Pledgee, at the request and expense of the Pledgor, will duly release from the
security interest created hereby (and will execute and deliver such
documentation, including termination or partial release statements and the like
in connection therewith) and assign, transfer and deliver to the Pledgor
(without recourse and without any representation or warranty) such of the
Collateral as is then being (or has been) so sold or released and as may be in
the possession of the Pledgee (or, in the case of Collateral held by any
sub-agent designated pursuant to Section 4 hereto, such sub-agent) and has not
theretofore been released pursuant to this Agreement.

         (c)   At any time that the Pledgor desires that Collateral be released
as provided in the foregoing Section 20(a) or (b), it shall deliver to the
Pledgee (and the relevant sub-agent, if any, designated pursuant to Section 4
hereof) a certificate signed by an authorized officer of the Pledgor stating
that the release of the respective Collateral is permitted pursuant to Section
20(a) or (b) hereof. If reasonably requested by the Pledgee (although the
Pledgee shall have no obligation to make any such request), the relevant Pledgor
shall furnish appropriate legal opinions (from counsel, reasonably acceptable to
the Pledgee) to the effect set forth in the immediately preceding sentence.

                                      -22-
<PAGE>

         (d)   The Pledgee shall have no liability whatsoever to any other
Secured Creditor as the result of any release of Collateral by it in accordance
with (or which the Third-Lien Collateral Agent in the absence of gross
negligence and willful misconduct believes to be in accordance with) this
Section 20.

         21.   NOTICES, ETC. Except as otherwise specified herein, all notices,
requests, demands or other communications to or upon the respective parties
hereto shall be sent or delivered by mail, telegraph, telex, telecopy, cable or
courier service and all such notices and communications shall, when mailed,
telegraphed, telexed, telecopied, or cabled or sent by courier, be effective
when deposited in the mails, delivered to the telegraph company, cable company
or overnight courier, as the case may be, or sent by telex or telecopier, except
that notices and communications to the Pledgee or the Pledgor shall not be
effective until received by the Pledgee or the Pledgor, as the case may be. All
notices and other communications shall be in writing and addressed as follows:

         (a)   if to the Pledgor, at its address set forth opposite its
     signature below;

         (b)   if to the Pledgee, at:

                    HSBC Bank USA, National Association
                    Issuer Services
                    452 Fifth Avenue
                    New York, New York 10018
                    Attention: Frank J. Godino
                    Telephone No.:  (212) 525-1316
                    Telecopier No.: (212) 525-1300

         (c)   if to any Secured Creditor, either (x) to the Third-Lien
     Administrative Agent, at the address of the Third-Lien Administrative Agent
     specified in the Third-Lien Credit Agreement, or (y) at such address as
     such Secured Creditor shall have specified in the Third-Lien Credit
     Agreement;

or at such other address or addressed to such other individual as shall have
been furnished in writing by any Person described above to the party required to
give notice hereunder.

         22.   WAIVER; AMENDMENT. Except as contemplated by the Intercreditor
Agreement and as provided in Sections 30 and 32 hereof, none of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement may be changed, waived, modified or varied in any
manner whatsoever except in accordance with the requirements specified in the
Security Agreement.

         23.   SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall create a continuing
security interest in the Collateral and shall (i) remain in full force and
effect, subject to release and/or termination as set forth in Section 20, (ii)
be binding upon the Pledgor, its successors and assigns; provided, however, that
the Pledgor shall not assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the Pledgee (with the prior written consent of the
Required Lenders), and (iii) inure, together with the rights and remedies of the
Pledgee hereunder, to the benefit of the Pledgee, the other Secured Creditors
and their respective successors, transferees and assigns. All agreements,
statements, representations and warranties made by the Pledgor herein or in any

                                      -23-
<PAGE>

certificate or other instrument delivered by the Pledgor or on its behalf under
this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the Secured
Creditors and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
other Secured Debt Agreements regardless of any investigation made by the
Secured Creditors or on their behalf.

         24.   HEADINGS DESCRIPTIVE. The headings of the several Sections of
this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not in any way affect
the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

         25.   GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL. (a) THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES
HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK. ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE
OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, IN
EACH CASE WHICH ARE LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK, AND, BY EXECUTION AND
DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF
AND IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE NON-EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY FURTHER IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH COURTS LACK PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER SUCH
PLEDGOR, AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH
RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT BROUGHT IN ANY OF THE
AFORESAID COURTS THAT ANY SUCH COURT LACKS PERSONAL JURISDICTION OVER SUCH
PLEDGOR. EACH PLEDGOR FURTHER IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT
OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY THE
MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO
ANY SUCH PLEDGOR AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 21 ABOVE,
SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE 30 DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING. EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO SUCH SERVICE OF PROCESS AND FURTHER
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
COMMENCED HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT THAT SUCH SERVICE OF
PROCESS WAS IN ANY WAY INVALID OR INEFFECTIVE. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE
RIGHT OF THE PLEDGEE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY SECURED CREDITOR, TO SERVE
PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR
OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST ANY PLEDGOR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.

         (b)   EACH PLEDGOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY
NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY OF THE AFORESAID ACTIONS OR
PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER
CREDIT DOCUMENT BROUGHT IN THE COURTS REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE (a) ABOVE AND HEREBY

                                      -24-
<PAGE>

FURTHER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT
THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN
AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.

         (c)   EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

         26.   PLEDGOR'S DUTIES. It is expressly agreed, anything herein
contained to the contrary notwithstanding, that the Pledgor shall remain liable
to perform all of the obligations, if any, assumed by it with respect to the
Collateral and the Pledgee shall not have any obligations or liabilities with
respect to any Collateral by reason of or arising out of this Agreement, except
for the safekeeping of Collateral actually in Pledgor's possession, nor shall
the Pledgee be required or obligated in any manner to perform or fulfill any of
the obligations of the Pledgor under or with respect to any Collateral.

         27.   COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each
of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which
shall together constitute one and the same instrument. A set of counterparts
executed by all the parties hereto shall be lodged with the Pledgor and the
Pledgee.

         28.   SEVERABILITY. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

         29.   RECOURSE. This Agreement is made with full recourse to the
Pledgor and pursuant to and upon all the representations, warranties, covenants
and agreements on the part of the Pledgor contained herein and in the other
Secured Debt Agreements and otherwise in writing in connection herewith or
therewith.

         30.   LIMITED OBLIGATIONS. It is the desire and intent of the Pledgor
and the Secured Creditors that this Agreement shall be enforced against the
Pledgor to the fullest extent permissible under the laws applied in each
jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought.

         31.   LIMITED LIABILITY. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein or in any other Secured Debt Agreement, the Third-Lien Collateral Agent
and Third-Lien Administrative Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to any
Person party to any Secured Debt Agreement or to any other Person (including,
without limitation, the Lenders) for failing to perfect or failing to maintain
perfection on any of the security interests granted hereby (including without
limitation, filing any financing statements or continuation statements).

                                      -25-
<PAGE>

         32.   COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. The Pledgor agrees to use commercially
reasonable efforts, including taking any action which the Pledgee and the
Secured Creditors may reasonably request, to assist in obtaining any required
consent or approval of the Federal Communications Commission (the "FCC") or any
other governmental or other authority for any sale or transfer of control of the
Collateral contemplated by the security documents pursuant to the exercise of
the rights and remedies of the Pledgee and the Secured Creditors thereunder,
including, upon request, to prepare, sign and file with the FCC the assignor's
or transferor's and licensee's portions of any applications required under the
rules of the FCC for consent to the assignment or transfer of control of any FCC
construction permit, license or other authorization.

         The Pledgor further consents, subject to obtaining any necessary
approvals, to the assignment or transfer of control of any FCC or other
governmental construction permit, license, or other authorization to operate, to
a receiver, trustee, or similar official or to any purchaser of the Collateral
pursuant to any public or private sale, judicial sale, foreclosure, or exercise
of other remedies available to Pledgee and the Secured Creditors as permitted by
applicable law. Notwithstanding anything herein which may be construed to the
contrary, no action shall be taken by any of the Third-Lien Collateral Agent and
the Secured Creditors with respect to any license of the FCC unless and until
any applicable rules and regulations thereunder, requiring the consent to or
approval of such action by the FCC or any governmental or other authority, have
been satisfied.

         33.   CONFLICTS; INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the lien and security interest granted to the Third-Lien
Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement and the exercise of any right or
remedy by the Third-Lien Collateral Agent hereunder are subject to the
provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any conflict between
the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of the
Intercreditor Agreement shall govern and control.

                                     * * * *

                                      -26-
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Pledgor and the Pledgee have caused this
Agreement to be executed by their duly elected officers duly authorized as of
the date first above written.



Address:                                    RCN CORPORATION, as a Pledgor

105 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ 08540                         By: /s/ Patrick T. Hogan
Tel: (609) 734-3700                            ---------------------------------
Fax: (609) 734-3830                            Name:  Patrick T. Hogan
Attention: Chief Financial Officer             Title: Executive Vice President
                                                      and Chief Financial
                                                      Officer
<PAGE>

Accepted and Agreed to:                     Address:

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,        Issuer Services:
  as Third-Lien Collateral Agent and        Telephone:  (212) 525-1316
  Agent and Pledgee                         Telecopier: (212) 525-1300
                                            Attention:  Frank J. Godino

                                            Mailing Address:
By: /s/ Frank J. Godino                     452 Fifth Avenue
   ----------------------------------       New York, New York  10018
   Name:  Frank J. Godino
   Title: Vice President                    Delivery Address:
                                            10 East 40th Street, 14th Floor
                                            New York, New York  10018

<PAGE>

                                Table of Contents
                                -----------------

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

1.   SECURITY FOR OBLIGATIONS ..............................................  2

2.   DEFINITIONS ...........................................................  3

3.   PLEDGE OF SECURITIES, ETC. ............................................  6

     3.1   Pledge ..........................................................  6
     3.2   Procedures ......................................................  9
     3.3   Subsequently Acquired Collateral ................................ 11
     3.4   Transfer Taxes .................................................. 11
     3.5   Certain Representations and Warranties Regarding the Collateral . 11

4.   APPOINTMENT OF SUB-AGENTS; ENDORSEMENTS, ETC. ......................... 12

5.   VOTING, ETC., WHILE NO EVENT OF DEFAULT OR SPECIFIED DEFAULT .......... 12

6.   DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS ..................................... 12

7.   REMEDIES IN CASE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT OR A SPECIFIED DEFAULT ........ 13

8.   REMEDIES, CUMULATIVE, ETC. ............................................ 14

9.   APPLICATION OF PROCEEDS ............................................... 14

10.  PURCHASERS OF COLLATERAL .............................................. 15

11.  INDEMNITY ............................................................. 15

12.  PLEDGEE NOT A PARTNER OR LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY MEMBER ............. 15

13.  FURTHER ASSURANCES; POWER-OF-ATTORNEY ................................. 16

14.  THE PLEDGEE AS SECOND-LIEN COLLATERAL AGENT ........................... 17

15.  TRANSFER BY THE PLEDGORS .............................................. 17

16.  REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE PLEDGORS ............. 17

17.  LEGAL NAMES; TYPE OF ORGANIZATION (AND WHETHER A REGISTERED
     ORGANIZATION); JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION; LOCATION;
     ORGANIZATIONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS; CHANGES THERETO; ETC. .......... 19

18. PLEDGORS' OBLIGATIONS ABSOLUTE, ETC. ................................... 20


                                       i
<PAGE>

                                Table of Contents
                                -----------------
                                  (continued)
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

19. SALE OF COLLATERAL WITHOUT REGISTRATION ................................ 20

20. TERMINATION; RELEASE ................................................... 21

21. NOTICES, ETC. .......................................................... 23

22. WAIVER; AMENDMENT ...................................................... 23

23. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS ................................................. 23

24. HEADINGS DESCRIPTIVE ................................................... 24

25. GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; VENUE;
    WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL ................................................... 24

26. PLEDGOR'S DUTIES ....................................................... 25

27. COUNTERPARTS ........................................................... 25

28. SEVERABILITY ........................................................... 25

29. RECOURSE ............................................................... 25

30. LIMITED OBLIGATIONS .................................................... 25

31. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS ................................................... 26

32. CONFLICTS; INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT ..................................... 26


ANNEX A  -  SCHEDULE OF LEGAL NAMES, TYPE OF ORGANIZATION,
            JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION, LOCATION AND
            ORGANIZATIONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS
ANNEX B  -  SCHEDULE OF SUBSIDIARIES
ANNEX C  -  SCHEDULE OF STOCK
ANNEX D  -  SCHEDULE OF NOTES
ANNEX E  -  SCHEDULE OF LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS
ANNEX F  -  SCHEDULE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS
ANNEX G  -  SCHEDULE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICES
ANNEX H  -  FORM OF AGREEMENT REGARDING UNCERTIFICATED
            SECURITIES, LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS
            AND PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS


                                       ii

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
