
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1


                           [LOGO OF RAMP CORPORATION]
                         Creating Value Through Access

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
December 21, 2004

             American Stock Exchange Accepts Ramp's Compliance Plan

New York, NY - Ramp Corporation [AMEX: RCO] today announced the American Stock
Exchange ("AMEX") has accepted its plan of compliance to continue the listing of
Ramp on the AMEX and granted the Company an extension of time to March 13, 2006
to regain compliance with the continued listing standards, subject to AMEX's
periodic review to ensure the Company's progress is consistent with the plan.
Ramp Corporation, through its wholly owned HealthRamp subsidiary, markets the
CareGiver and CarePoint suite of technologies.

"The combination of our recent reverse split, and the exchange of our debt for
equity, were part of decisive actions we are taking to regain compliance with
the AMEX listing standards. We are committed to maintaining our AMEX listing,
and believe that these events, in combination with our anticipated business
results over the coming 18 months, will allow us to do so," stated Ramp CEO and
President, Andrew Brown.

The Company submitted its compliance plan to AMEX on October 21, 2004, and
provided additional information to the exchange through December 15, 2004. The
Company will be subject to periodic review by AMEX staff during the extension
period. Failure to make progress consistent with the plan or to regain
compliance with the continuing listing standards by the end of the extension
period could result in the commencement of delisting proceedings by the AMEX.
Alternatively, the AMEX may deem the Company in compliance if for a period of 2
consecutive quarters prior to March 13, 2006, the Company is able to demonstrate
compliance with the continued listing standards, or an ability to qualify under
an original listing standard.

Prior to the Company's submission of its compliance plan, on September 13, 2004,
the Company received a written notice from the AMEX informing the Company that
it was not in compliance with various subsections of Section 1003 of the AMEX
Company Guide. Specifically, the Company is not in compliance of Sections
1003(a)(i) and (ii) of the AMEX rules as a result of stockholder's equity of the
Company being less than $2,000,000 and $4,000,000, and losses from continuing
operations and/or net losses in two out of three, and three out of four, of its
most recent fiscal years, respectively. The Company is also not in compliance
with Section 1003(a)(iv) of the AMEX rules whereby, as a result of the Company's
substantial sustained losses in relation to its overall operations or its
existing financial resources, or its impaired financial condition, it appeared
questionable, in the opinion of the AMEX, as to whether the Company

                                     -MORE-

<PAGE>

Page Two/  American Stock Exchange Accepts Ramp's Compliance Plan
           FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - December 21, 2004

will be able to continue operations and/or meet its obligations as they mature.
Finally, the Company was not in compliance with Section 1003(f)(v) of the AMEX
rules as a result of the Company's common stock selling for a substantial period
at a low price per share. The notice from AMEX was not a notice of delisting
from the AMEX or a notice by AMEX to initiate delisting proceedings.

Ramp Corporation, through its wholly owned HealthRamp subsidiary, markets the
CareGiver and CarePoint suite of technologies. CareGiver allows long term care
facility staff to easily place orders for drugs, treatments and supplies from a
wireless handheld PDA or desktop web browser. CarePoint enables electronic
prescribing, lab orders and results, Internet-based communication, data
integration, and transaction processing over a handheld device or browser, at
the point-of-care. HealthRamp's products enable communication of value-added
healthcare information among physician offices, pharmacies, hospitals, pharmacy
benefit managers, health management organizations, pharmaceutical companies and
health insurance companies. Additional information about Ramp can be found at
www.Ramp.com.

                                      # # #

Safe Harbor Statement: To the extent that any statements made in this press
release contain information that is not historical, these statements are
essentially forward-looking. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the
use of words such as "expects," "plans," "will," "may," "anticipates,"
"believes," "should," "intends," "estimates," and other words of similar
meaning. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that cannot be
predicted or quantified and, consequently, actual results may differ materially
from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks
and uncertainties include, without limitation, the ability of the Company to
raise capital to finance the development of its Internet services and related
software, the effectiveness, profitability and the marketability of those
services, the ability of the Company to protect its proprietary information and
to retain and expand its user base, the establishment of an efficient corporate
operating structure as the Company grows and, other risks detailed from
time-to-time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The
Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
statements.



Contact:
Andrew Brown:  (212) 440-1548

Investor Contact:
Bob Giordano                                Andrea Costa
ROI Group Associates, Inc.                  ROI Group Associates, Inc.
Phone: (212) 495-0200 x10                   Phone: (212) 495-0200 x14
Fax: (212) 495-0746                         Fax: (212) 495-0746

