
<PAGE>

                                  Exhibit 99.1

                                  ORETECH, INC.
                                  Press Release
                                    12-23-04

PHENIX CITY, AL: Oretech, Inc. (OTCBB: ORTE) CEO, H. Stephen Shehane, announced
today that the Company's Board of Directors had elected Mr. Shehane to the
offices of Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer,
effective December 17, 2004. Mr. Shehane is the Company's largest shareholder,
its former Deputy Chairman of the Board and the inventor of the Oretech
technology. Mr. Shehane succeeds Francis C. Hargarten, who resigned from the
Board of Directors and from his offices of President and Chief Executive
Officer, effective December 17, 2004. In addition, Jay W. Hobson resigned from
the office of Chief Financial Officer effective December 17, 2004.

Mr. Shehane stated that "The Company is thankful for the contributions of Fran
Hargarten and Jay Hobson and hopes that they will both be available to consult
with the Company in the future. I feel comfortable going forward as CEO of
Oretech and believe that 2005 will bring with it a great opportunity to improve
shareholder value."

Oretech is known for its breakthrough materials processing technology which
extracts specific minerals from diverse feedstock and raw materials without the
use of harmful chemicals or the emission of environmentally unsafe gases. The
Company is currently traded on the OTCBB as "ORTE".

This release may be deemed to contain forward-looking statements, which are
subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Litigation Reform Act of
1995. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements
regarding future events and the future financial performance of Oretech that
involve risks and uncertainties. Readers are cautioned that these
forward-looking statements are only predictions and may differ materially from
actual future events or results. Readers are referred to the documents filed by
Oretech with the SEC, specifically the most recent reports on Form 10-K and
10-Q, each as it may be amended from time to time, which identify important risk
factors that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the
forward-looking statements. Among the important factors or risks that could
cause actual results or events to differ materially from those in the
forward-looking statements in this release are: business and economic conditions
and growth trends in our industry in various geographic regions; global economic
conditions and uncertainties in the geopolitical environment; variations in
customer demand for products and services; variability of operational costs;
variations in sales channels, product costs, or mix of products sold; the
ability to successfully acquire businesses and technologies and to successfully
integrate and operate these acquired businesses and technologies; dependence on
the introduction and market acceptance of our technology and expansion into
other industry segments; rapid technological and market change; litigation
involving patents, intellectual property, stockholder and other matters; the
ability to recruit and retain key personnel; financial risk management; our
ability to raise capital to fund our operations and expansion plans; and
potential volatility in operating results, among others.

