-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 BS5fOaBqRhdIbPYG5M4HqmpvVUYWNad/OoJFif6ysBKv0xGGTKhzKSqPOGezbdR6
 Y4OD1Hw3OYeWDhCf1mvAjQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950124-04-006443.txt : 20041228
<SEC-HEADER>0000950124-04-006443.hdr.sgml : 20041228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041228153653
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950124-04-006443
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTERMET CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000745287
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IRON & STEEL FOUNDRIES [3320]
		IRS NUMBER:				581563873
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13787
		FILM NUMBER:		041228537

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5445 CORPORATE DR
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			TROY
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48098
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2489522500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5445 CORPORATE DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			TROY
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48098
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>k90767e8vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT, DATED DECEMBER 28, 2004
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
================================================================================
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION


                                  UNITED STATES


                              WASHINGTON, DC 20549


                                    FORM 8-K


                                 CURRENT REPORT

     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) DECEMBER 28, 2004
                                                        -----------------


                              INTERMET CORPORATION

             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            GEORGIA                0-13787                        58-1563873
            -------                -------                        ----------
 (State or other jurisdiction    (Commission                    (IRS Employer
       of incorporation)         File Number)                Identification No.)

     5445 CORPORATE DRIVE, SUITE 200                        48098-2683
             TROY, MICHIGAN                                 ----------
             --------------
(Address of principal executive offices)                    (Zip Code)

        Registrant's telephone number including area code: (248) 952-2500
                                                           --------------

                                 NOT APPLICABLE
          (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

         Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

         [ ]      Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the
                  Securities Act (17 CFR 230 .425)

         [ ]      Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
                  Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

         [ ]      Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
                  under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

         [ ]      Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
                  under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

================================================================================
<PAGE>

ITEM 7.01:  REGULATION FD DISCLOSURE

On December 22, 2004, INTERMET Corporation sought and obtained an adjournment of
the hearing scheduled that day in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court with respect to its
motion filed November 17, 2004 for authority to reject certain executory
customer supply contracts. INTERMET requested the adjournment to complete
negotiations with certain of its largest customers. Today, INTERMET filed a
motion with the Bankruptcy Court for authority to assume executory customer
supply contracts it has negotiated and agreed to with its largest customers. If
its motion to assume executory contracts is approved by the Bankruptcy Court,
INTERMET intends to withdraw its November 17, 2004 motion to reject.

The motion filed by INTERMET today is attached to this Current Report as Exhibit
99.1. A press release announcing the results of INTERMET's negotiations with its
largest customers is attached to this Current Report as Exhibit 99.2.

This Current Report may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The word "intends" and
similar words identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not
guarantees of future performance but instead involve various risks and
uncertainties. INTERMET's actual results may differ materially from those
suggested by its forward-looking statements due to factors such as: the economic
cost, management distraction and lost business opportunities associated with
bankruptcy proceedings; INTERMET's ability to consummate its anticipated DIP
financing; the high cost of scrap steel and the possibility that scrap steel
costs will remain at high levels or continue to increase, which would have
further negative effects on INTERMET's profitability, cash flow, liquidity and
ability to borrow; fluctuations in the cost of other raw materials, including
the cost of energy, aluminum, zinc, magnesium and alloys, and INTERMET's
ability, if any, to pass those costs on to its customers; pricing practices of
INTERMET's customers, including changes in their payment terms resulting from
the discontinuation of early payment programs and continuing demands for price
concessions as a condition to retaining current business or obtaining new
business, and the negative effect that price concessions have on profit margins;
changes in procurement practices and policies of INTERMET's customers for
automotive components, including the risk of the loss of major customers or the
loss of current or prospective vehicle programs as a result of INTERMET's
financial condition and prospects (or otherwise); possible inability to close
unprofitable plants or to transfer work from one plant to another because of the
related costs or customer requirements; general economic conditions, including
any downturn in the markets in which INTERMET operates; fluctuations in
automobile and light and heavy truck production, which directly affect demand
for INTERMET's products; deterioration in the market share of any of INTERMET's
major customers; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; work stoppages
or other labor disputes that could disrupt production at INTERMET's facilities
or those of its customers; continuing changes in environmental regulations to
which INTERMET is subject, and the costs INTERMET will incur in meeting more
stringent regulations; factors or presently unknown circumstances that may
result in impairment of INTERMET's assets, including further write-downs of its
goodwill; and other risks as detailed from time to time in INTERMET's periodic
SEC reports.



                                       2
<PAGE>


ITEM 9.01.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

(a)  Not applicable
(b)  Not applicable
(c)  Exhibits:

The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

Exhibit 99.1. Motion for Authority to Assume Executory Customer Supply Contracts
filed with the Bankruptcy Court December 28, 2004

Exhibit 99.2. Press release dated December 28, 2004 announcing results of
negotiations with major customers



                                       3
<PAGE>

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                    INTERMET CORPORATION


December 28, 2004                   By:  /s/  Alan J. Miller
                                             Alan J. Miller
                                             Vice President, General Counsel and
                                             Assistant Secretary



                                       4

<PAGE>

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBIT NO.         DESCRIPTION


Exhibit 99.1.   Motion for Authority to Assume Executory Customer Supply
                Contracts filed with the Bankruptcy Court December 28, 2004

Exhibit 99.2.   Press release dated December 28, 2004 announcing results of
                negotiations with major customers

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>k90767exv99w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MOTION FOR AUTHORITY TO ASSUME EXECUTORY CUSTOMER SUPPLY CONTRACTS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

                         UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT
                          EASTERN DISTRICT OF MICHIGAN
                                SOUTHERN DIVISION

In re:                                       )
                                             )        Case No.  04-67597
INTERMET CORPORATION et al.,                 )        Chapter 11
                                             )        (Jointly Administered)
                                             )
                           Debtors.          )        Honorable Marci B. McIvor
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                     DEBTORS' MOTION FOR AUTHORITY TO ASSUME
                       EXECUTORY CUSTOMER SUPPLY CONTRACTS

         Intermet Corporation, and its affiliated debtors(1) (collectively, the
"Debtors" or "Intermet"), by and through their attorneys Foley & Lardner LLP and
Carson Fischer, PLC, hereby move for entry of an order authorizing the Debtors
to assume certain executory customer supply contracts with the customers
identified on Exhibit B hereto (the "Motion"). In support of this Motion, the
Debtors state as follows:
                                  INTRODUCTION

         1. The Debtors constitute one of the largest independent producers of
ductile iron, aluminum, magnesium and zinc castings in the world. Intermet also
provides machining and tooling services and products related to its casting
business, along with a range of other products and services for the automotive
and industrial markets. Intermet specializes in the design and manufacture of
highly engineered, cast automotive components for the global light truck,
passenger car, light vehicle and heavy-duty vehicle markets. For the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2003, Intermet had sales from continuing operations of
approximately $731 million.

- --------
         1 The Debtors are Intermet Corporation, Alexander City Casting
Company, Inc., Cast-Matic Corporation, Columbus Foundry, L.P., Diversified
Diemakers, Inc., Ganton Technologies, Inc., Intermet Holding Company, Intermet
Illinois, Inc., Intermet International, Inc., Intermet U.S. Holding, Inc.,
Ironton Iron, Inc., Lynchburg



<PAGE>




         2. Intermet directly and indirectly provides products and services to
every major North American automotive original equipment manufacturer ("OEM"),
several major European and Japanese OEMs, and several leading suppliers to the
OEMs (also known as "Tier 1" or "Tier 2" suppliers). Ten of the Debtors'
customers, listed on Exhibit B hereto, make up nearly 80% of the Debtors' North
American business and are considered major customers (the "Customers").

         3. As part of their business of supplying their Customers, the Debtors
are parties to numerous pre-petition contracts with their Customers (the
"Contracts").

                            CUSTOMER SUPPLY CONTRACTS

         4. The Contracts take many different forms, including purchase orders
(the "Purchase Orders"), releases and various other documents pursuant to which
Intermet supplies component parts to its Customers. Purchase Orders tend to
include various terms and conditions, such as pricing, but often lack any
reference to specific supply quantities. Instead, the Customer electronically
issues a schedule of releases on a weekly or monthly basis, that sets forth the
volumes for production (the "Releases").

         5. Based upon these Releases, the Debtors schedule production,
manufacture and ship parts to their Customers. In some cases, a Purchase Order
will purport to be a requirements contract referencing a specific percentage of
requirements to be produced by Intermet. In most cases, regardless of the
existence and nature of a Purchase Order, the specific quantity ordered by the
Customer is specified by the issuance of Releases.


         6. Some of the Contracts are for a definite duration with expiration
dates as early as December 31, 2004. Some of the Contracts are for a definite
duration, but automatically renew


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Foundry Company, Northern Castings Corporation, Sudbury, Inc., SUDM, Inc., Tool
Products, Inc., Wagner Castings Company, and Wagner Havana, Inc., as debtors and
debtors-in-possession.



                                       2



<PAGE>




for an additional period unless notice of non-renewal is provided. Some of the
Contracts do not have a defined expiration or renewal date. In some cases, the
Customers have the right to terminate the Contract.

                  PROCEDURAL HISTORY AND CUSTOMER NEGOTIATIONS

         7. In connection with these bankruptcy cases, the Debtors began the
lengthy process of reviewing all of their supply contracts in order to analyze
the benefits and burdens of each and to perform an assumption/rejection analysis
in accordance with 11 U.S.C. Section 365. Through this process, the Debtors
originally determined that, absent specific changes, certain of the Contracts
were burdensome to the Debtors' estate because the terms did not permit the
Debtors to generate sufficient profit and cash flow from their main business
source -- the manufacture and supply of component parts.

         8. This determination was based, in large part on the fact that (a) the
price of raw materials, including scrap steel, one of Intermet's primary raw
materials, has risen substantially since Intermet began producing the component
parts under the existing Contracts, and such Contracts either did not allow, or
were inadequate or not timely in allowing, Intermet to pass such cost increases
through to such Customer, (b) in some cases, pricing for certain of the
component parts under certain Contracts was well below market and/or the cost to
produce such parts did not provide adequate profit margin, (c) the timing of
payments under certain Contracts was too slow, in light of the cash flow needs
of Intermet, and (d) certain Customers pursuant to certain of the Contracts have
required pricing give-backs or reductions for 2005, which were onerous to
Intermet under the circumstances.

         9. Furthermore, given the Debtors' large losses, the Debtors were not
able to find a lender willing to provide debtor-in-possession financing absent a
commitment by the Debtors to obtain concessions from the Debtors' Customers on
renegotiated contract terms acceptable to the

                                       3

<PAGE>




DIP lenders. In fact, the failure to obtain agreements with the Customers
comprising at least 75% of the Debtors' gross sales by December 31, 2004, in
form and substance satisfactory to the lenders, is a default under the Debtors'
DIP Credit Agreement, which default would limit funding and create an
acceleration of all indebtedness due thereunder 90 days after December 31,
2004.(2)

         10. As a result of the Debtors' review of the Contracts and the terms
of their financing, the Debtors (1) began negotiations with their Customers to
modify the terms of the Contracts in such a way so as to relieve or extinguish
the burden on the estate, and (2) on November 17, 2004, filed a Motion for
Authority to Reject Executory Customer Supply Contracts (the "Rejection Motion")
with the Customers(3). Even after filing the Rejection Motion, the Debtors
continued the negotiations with their Customers in an effort to modify the
Contracts such that rejection would not be necessary.

         11. Certain of the Customers joined together to object to the Motion
and on December 6, 2004 these Customers (the "Responding Customers") filed a
Response in Opposition to Debtors' Motion to Reject Customer Contracts (the
"Response"). This Court scheduled a hearing to consider the Rejection Motion and
the Response for December 20, 2004. Because the Debtors were engaged in such
productive discussions by such date and had achieved many agreements, in writing
or in principle, such hearing was adjourned in order to allow the Debtors and
the Customers to continue negotiations or finalize written agreements.



- --------
         2 In light of the fact that all agreements have been obtained and to
account for the DIP lenders need to review the same, the Debtors recently
secured an extension of this deadline to January 14, 2005. A motion has been
filed with the Court to approve this amendment to the DIP Credit Agreement.

         3 All of the Customers on Exhibit B and Motorola Americas, Inc. The
Rejection Motion was withdrawn with Motorola Americas, Inc. ("Motorola") on
December 10, 2004 because the Debtors had already reached a written agreement
with Motorola. Because that agreement took the form of an amendment to the
applicable



                                       4

<PAGE>




         12. The Debtors and the Customers have reached agreements to amend the
Contracts in a manner that is acceptable to the Debtors (the "Agreements").
These Agreements have taken the form of Amendments to the Contracts (the
Contracts as amended, the "Amended Contracts").

         13. Substantially all of the Amended Contracts require assumption of
the Amended Contracts. Thus, the Debtors have filed this Motion to assume the
Amended Contracts. The Debtors intend to withdraw the Rejection Motion at such
time and to the extent that the assumption of the Amended Contracts is approved
by this Court.

                      THE AMENDED CUSTOMER SUPPLY CONTRACTS

         14. The Amended Contracts are the product of arms length negotiations
and are beneficial to the estate. The Debtors believe that performance under the
Amended Contracts will enhance the Debtors' profitability and generate positive
cash flow.

         15. While each of the Amended Contracts is different, many of Amended
Contracts include terms such as:

             a.   steel surcharge adjustments that, in the Debtors' business
                  judgment, more accurately reflect the Debtors' cost of
                  steel;(4)

             b.   Accelerated payment terms;

             c.   The prompt payment of outstanding accounts receivable;(5)

             d.   Waiver of cost reductions; and

             e.   Adjustments of part pricing.



- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
purchase orders, was executed in the ordinary course of business and did not
require assumption, the amended Motorola Contracts are not a part of this
Motion.
        4 This term was included in all but one of the Amended Contracts which
already had an adequate steel surcharge arrangement.
        5 Only one of the Amended Contracts holds the Customer to its original
payment terms and does not accelerate such terms.





                                       5


<PAGE>




         16. Some uncommon terms found in some of the Amended Contracts are:

             a.   A release of possible antitrust violations;

             b.   Certain provisions providing relief from the automatic stay;

             c.   A reservation of the right to reject specific Purchase Orders
                  if certain conditions are not met; and

             d.   The stipulation to reject one specific Contract, without
                  damages for rejection, with the agreement by the Debtors to
                  continue production of the part subject to such contracts on
                  acceptable pricing terms for a period termination upon 30 days
                  prior written notice after April 30, 2005.

         17. Due to the sensitive nature of the Amended Contracts, most contain
a confidentiality clause which prevents the Debtors from disclosing the terms to
other Customers or the public. Even if not included in the Amended Contract,
substantially all of the Customers requested confidentiality due to the
sensitivity of the pricing information contained in the Amended Contracts.
Concurrently herewith, the Debtors are filing a motion seeking authority to file
the Agreements under seal. Filing the Agreements under seal will allow the Court
to review the Agreements and analyze the specific modifications to the Contracts
for the purposes of this Motion. Furthermore, the Debtors have provided copies
of the Agreements to the retained professionals of the Unsecured Creditors'
Committee and the lenders with the agreement and understanding that they may
disseminate the information to members who have signed confidentiality
agreements.

         18. The Debtors submit that the information supplied herein, and the
information available to the Committee and the lenders, provides interested
parties sufficient information to



                                        6

<PAGE>




make an informed decision on the Debtors' Motion sufficient to meet the standard
for assumption under 11 U.S.C. Section 365.

         19. The Debtors' request authority to assume the Amended Contracts
pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Section 365.

                           BASIS FOR RELIEF REQUESTED

         20. Section 365(a) of the Bankruptcy Code provides authority for
assumption of Amended Contracts:


             Except as provided in sections 765 and 766 of this title and in
             subsections (b), (c) and (d) of this section, the trustee, subject
             to the court's approval, may assume or reject any executory
             contract or unexpired lease of the debtor.

11 U.S.C. Section 365(a); see also, In re Miller, 282 F.3d 874, 876 (6th Cir.
2001); City of Covington v. Covington Landing Ltd. Partnership, 71 F.3d 1221,
1226 (6th Cir. 1995).


         21. The Debtors may assume the Amended Contracts if they are executory
contracts and if the Court approves the assumption. Bankruptcy Court approval is
conditioned upon a showing that the debtor is using appropriate business
judgment in assuming the contract. NLRB v. Bildisco & Bildisclo, 465 U.S. 513,
523 (1984); In re SIS Corp., 108 B.R. 608, 610 (Bankr. N.D. Ohio (1989)(the test
usually applied to a debtor's decision to assume an executory tooling contract
is the business judgment rule); Phar-Mor Inc. v. Strouss Bldg., 203 B.R. 948,
951-952 (Bankr. N.D. Ohio 1997).

EXECUTORY CONTRACTS.

         22. The classic definition of an executory contract is that of
Professor Vern Countryman:

             A contract [is executory if it is one] under which the obligations
             of both the bankrupt and the other party to the contract are so far
             unperformed that the failure of either to complete performance



                                       7

<PAGE>





             would constitute a material breach excusing the performance of the
             other.

In re Jolly, 574 F.2d at 350-351 (quoting Countryman, Executory Contracts in
Bankruptcy: Part I, 57 Minn. L. Rev. 439, 460 (1973)).

         23. The Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit approves of the
Countryman definition, but also employs a "functional approach" to this issue:

             The key in deciphering the meaning of the executory contract
             rejection provisions is to work backward, proceeding from an
             examination of the purposes rejection is expected to accomplish. If
             those objectives have already been accomplished, or if they can't
             be accomplished through rejection, then the contract is not
             executory within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Act.

In re Jolly, 574 F.2d at 351.

         24. This "functional approach" gives a trustee with an executory
contract a choice of rejection or assumption, whichever would be of the greatest
benefit to the estate. Id. "The functional approach is a result-oriented
process, which looks first to the relative benefits and burdens to the estate of
assumption or rejection, and then reasons backward to a determination of the
executory nature of the contract in question." Huntington National Bank v. Alix
(In re Cardinal Industries), 146 B.R. 720, 728 (Bankr. S.D. Ohio 1992).

         25. [I]n determining whether or not an agreement is executory, a
bankruptcy court, at least in this circuit, must consider the applicability of
both the functional approach and the Countryman definition." Cardinal
Industries, Inc., 146 B.R. at 729 n.7 (internal quotations and citations
omitted). See also, In re DMR Fin. Servs., 274 B.R. 465 (Bankr. E.D. Mich.
2002)(applying both the Countryman and functional tests.).

         26. When application of the Countryman and functional tests leave the
Court in doubt, executory contracts may also be identified by reference to the
goals of 11 U.S.C. Section 365:



                                       8

<PAGE>




(1) taking advantage of contracts which will benefit the estate; (2) relieving
the estate of burdensome contracts; (3) promoting the debtor's fresh start; (4)
permitting the allowance and determination of claims; and (5) preventing parties
from remaining "in doubt concerning their status vis-a-vis the estate."
Huntington National Bank Co. v. Alix (In re Cardinal Industries, Inc.), 146 B.R.
720 (Bankr. S.D. Ohio 1992)(citing In re Monument Record Corp., 61 B.R. 866, 868
(Bankr. M.D. Tenn. 1986); Chattanooga Memorial Park v. Still (In re Jolly), 574
F.2d 349 (6th Cir. 1978).

THE BUSINESS JUDGMENT STANDARD.

         27. Debtors may assume or reject executory contracts in the exercise of
their sound business judgment. See e.g., Phar-Mor Inc. v. Strouss Bldg., 203
B.R. 948, 951-952 (Bankr. N.D. Ohio 1997)("Whether an executory contract is
`favorable' or `unfavorable' is left to the sound business judgment of the
debtor . . . Courts should generally defer to a debtor's decision whether to
reject an executory contract."); In re Federated Department Stores, Inc., 1990
Bankr. LEXIS 706, at *3 - *4 (Bankr. S.D. Ohio 1990)(the "business judgment rule
affords the debtor `wide latitude' in determining whether rejection will benefit
the estate . . . [T]he debtor's sound business judgment enjoys a presumption of
correctness unless it can be shown to be `manifestly unreasonable.'" (citations
omitted)).

         28. By allowing debtors to retain favorable contracts through the power
of assumption, section 365(a) thus advances one of the Bankruptcy Code's central
purposes, the maximization of the value of the bankruptcy estate for the benefit
of creditors." Matter of Midway Airlines, Inc., 6 F.3d 492, 494 (7th Cir.
1993)(citing In re L & S Industries, Inc., 122 B.R. 987, 993 (Bankr. N.D. Ill.
1991), aff'd sub nom. Williams v. Stefan, 133 B.R. 119 (N.D. 1991) aff'd, 989
F.2d 929 (7th Cir. 1993)).



                                       9

<PAGE>





                                   DISCUSSION

THE AMENDED CONTRACTS ARE EXECUTORY.

         29. Applying either the functional approach or the Countryman
Definition in these cases, the Amended Contracts are executory, and this Court
should authorize the Debtors' assumption of the Amended Contracts. Significant
performance obligations remain for both the Debtors and the Customers such that
failure to perform by either would constitute a material breach, satisfying the
Countryman definition. The Debtors are obligated to manufacture and supply
certain parts according to the terms and conditions of the Amended Contracts and
the Customers are obligated to purchase those parts. Clearly a material failure
to perform by either party would be a material breach of the Amended Contracts.

 ASSUMPTION OF THE AMENDED CONTRACTS SATISFIES THE BUSINESS JUDGMENT STANDARD.

         30. Assumption of the Amended Contracts will benefit the estate by
securing for the estate the benefits negotiated by the Debtors.

         31. One of the reasons for the filing of these bankruptcy cases was the
inability of the Debtors to generate sufficient profit and cash flow with the
Contracts in the form they existed pre-petition. As part of the filing and their
reorganization, the Debtors analyzed the customer supply contracts to pinpoint
the problems and thereby determined that the pass through of steel costs,
pricing and payment terms were issues that needed to be corrected in order for
the Debtors to reorganize their business.

         32. By negotiating new or modified terms that are memorialized in the
Amended Contracts, the Debtors believe that they have secured contracts with
their Customers that will provide benefit to the estate and provide the basis
for the Debtors' reorganization. In fact, the


                                       10


<PAGE>




success of these negotiations and the modification of the Contracts was and
still is key to the Debtors' reorganization efforts.

         33. The Debtors' extensive negotiations with the Customers resulted in
Amended Contracts which provide the Debtors with favorable terms for the sale of
their products. The steel surcharge adjustments are designed to allow the
Debtors to more fully capture the rising cost of steel for the life of the
Amended Contracts such that rising cost of steel does not erode the
profitability of the Amended Contracts.

         34. The Debtors also secured, in some cases, pricing adjustments on
certain parts and a waiver of the Customers' scheduled price reductions for
2005.

         35. These concessions were critical to the Debtors' ability to continue
producing under the Contracts with the Customers which make up approximately 80%
of the Debtors' business.

         36. As long as assumption of a lease or executory contract appears to
enhance a debtor's estate, court approval of a debtor-in-possession's decision
to assume the lease or executory contracts should only be withheld if the
debtor's judgment is clearly erroneous, too speculative, or contrary to the
provisions of the Bankruptcy Code. See Richmond Leasing Co. v. Capital Bank,
N.A., 762 F.2d 1303 (5th Cir. 1985). Furthermore, the court should not withhold
approval of the debtor's assumption of a lease or executory contract that the
debtor determined to be in its best interests on the basis of second guessing
the debtor's judgment. Allied Technology, Inc. v. R.B. Bruenmann & Sons, Inc.,
(Matter of Allied Technology, Inc.), 25 B.R. 484, 495 (Bankr. S.D. Ohio 1982).
As set forth above, assumption of the Amended Contracts enhance the estate and
should be authorized by the Court.



                                       11


<PAGE>




         37. The fact that the Amended Contracts are the result of modifications
agreed to post-petition does not alter the analysis under Section 365 or change
the result. The facts of Richmond Leasing are similar to the facts in this case.
The debtor sought to assume a lease which was amended post-petition by agreement
of the parties to provide more favorable terms to the debtor. Richmond Leasing,
762 F.2d at 1310. The debtor's lenders objected arguing that the debtor was only
able to assume the lease as it existed as of the petition date and the debtor
could not be afforded any greater or lesser rights under Section 365. Id. The
Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals rejected this argument and held that because both
parties to the lease agreed to the amendment, Section 365 does not prohibit the
amendment. Id. Instead, Section 365 prevents parties from forcing new terms on
the other party to the other agreement. Id. Furthermore, the court held that
negotiations resulting in modifications of contracts fall outside the scope of
Section 365. Id. Instead Sections 1107 and 1108 authorize the debtor to operate
the business of the debtor. Id. In addition, there is no requirement under
Section 365 that assumed contracts be solely Prepetition contracts. Rather,
provided that the contract is executory, it may be assumed by the Debtor. The
debtor-in-possession, "subject to the court's approval, may assume or reject any
executory contract or unexpired lease of the debtor." 11 U.S.C. Section 365(a)
(2004).

         38. As in Richmond Leasing, the Debtors' should be authorized to assume
the Amended Contracts because they will enhance the estate. Furthermore, all
parties to the Contracts agreed to the modifications as set forth in the
Agreements.

         39. In their sound business judgment, the Debtors have determined that
the best interests of the bankruptcy estates and their creditors will be served
by the assumption of the Amended Contracts identified herein.



                                       12


<PAGE>





                                     NOTICE

         40. Notice of this Motion has been or will be furnished to each of the
Customers listed on Exhibit B and in accordance with the Limited Notice
Procedures Order. The Debtors submit that given the nature of the relief
requested herein, no other or further notice is necessary.

         WHEREFORE, the Debtors respectfully request that the Court enter an
order, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, (i) authorizing
the Debtors' to assume the Amended Contracts identified on Exhibit B, and (ii)
granting such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper.

                             Respectfully submitted,

                             INTERMET CORPORATION, et al, as
                             Debtors-In-Possession

                             By: /s/ John A. Simon
                                 --------------------------------
                                   One of their Attorneys
                                 Judy A. O'Neill (P32142)
                                 William J. McKenna (Pro Hac Vice)
                                 Laura J. Eisele (P42949)
                                 Ann Marie Uetz (P48922)
                                 John A. Simon (P61866)
                                 FOLEY & LARDNER LLP
                                 500 Woodward Avenue, Suite 2700
                                 Detroit, MI 48226
                                 313.234.7100
                                 Attorneys for Debtors with
                                 respect to Customers:
                             DaimlerChrysler Corporation, Ford
                             Motor Company, Honda of America
                             Manufacturing, Inc., (and its
                             affiliates Honda Manufacturing of
                             Alabama, LLC, Honda Canada and Honda
                             Transmission Manufacturing, Inc.), and
                             Visteon Corporation.

                                          CARSON FISCHER, PLC

                                          By: /s/ Lawrence A. Lichtman
                                              ---------------------------
                                              Robert A. Weisberg  (P26698)
                                              Lawrence A. Lichtman  (P35403)
                                              300 E. Maple Road, 3rd Floor
                                              Birmingham, MI  48009



                                       13


<PAGE>




                                              248.644.4840
                                                  Attorneys for Debtors with
                                              respect to Customers: General
                                              Motors Corporation, American Axle
                                              & Manufacturing, Inc., SMW
                                              Automotive Corporation (and its
                                              affiliate Automotive Corporation,
                                              Inc.), Delphi Automotive
                                              Systems, PBR International USA
                                              Ltd. and Metaldyne Corporation

Dated:  December 28, 2004



                                       14















<PAGE>


                         UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT
                          EASTERN DISTRICT OF MICHIGAN
                                SOUTHERN DIVISION

In re:                                      )
                                            )        Case No.  04-67597
INTERMET CORPORATION et al.(1),             )        Chapter 11
                                            )        (Jointly Administered)
                                            )
                           Debtors.         )        Honorable Marci B. McIvor

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
           ORDER PURSUANT TO 11 U.S.C. SECTION 365(A) AUTHORIZING THE
                        ASSUMPTION OF CERTAIN EXECUTORY
                            CUSTOMER SUPPLY CONTRACTS

         This cause having come before the Court on the Motion of Intermet
Corporation, and its affiliated debtors (collectively, the "Debtors"), to Assume
Certain Customer Supply Contracts (the "Motion"), the Court having jurisdiction
over this matter; and it appearing that notice of the Motion has been provided
to the Customers(2) and in accordance with the Limited Notice Procedures Order
which the Court finds sufficient and that no other or further notice need be
provided; and it further appearing that the relief requested in the Motion is in
the best interests of the Debtors, their estates and creditors; and upon all of
the proceedings had before this Court; and after due deliberation and sufficient
cause appearing therefore, it is

         IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT the Motion be, and hereby is, granted; and it
is further

         ORDERED THAT the Debtors are authorized to assume the Amended Contracts
with the Customers identified in Exhibit B to the Motion pursuant to Section
365(a) of the Bankruptcy

- ------------
         (1) The Debtors are Intermet Corporation, Alexander City Casting
Company, Inc., Cast-Matic Corporation, Columbus Foundry, L.P., Diversified
Diemakers, Inc., Ganton Technologies, Inc., Intermet Holding Company, Intermet
Illinois, Inc., Intermet International, Inc., Intermet U.S. Holding, Inc.,
Ironton Iron, Inc., Lynchburg Foundry Company, Northern Castings Corporation,
Sudbury, Inc., SUDM, Inc., Tool Products, Inc., Wagner Castings Company, and
Wagner Havana, Inc., as debtors and debtors-in-possession.

         (2) Capitalized terms not otherwise defined shall have the definition
assigned to them in the Motion.

<PAGE>




         Code and the Amended Contracts are hereby approved including the
"uncommon terms" identified in paragraph 16 of the Motion; and it is further

         ORDERED THAT such authorization to assume the Amended Contracts is
effective immediately.


Dated ___________________, 2004.          ______________________________________
                                          Marci B. McIvor
                                          UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY JUDGE



<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT B
                                    CUSTOMERS



1.      DaimlerChrysler Corporation

2.      General Motors Corporation

3.      American Axle & Manufacturing

4.      Delphi Automotive Systems

5.      Ford Motor Company

6.      American Honda Motor Co., Inc. (and its affiliates Honda Manufacturing
of Alabama, LLC, Honda Canada and Honda Transmission Manufacturing, Inc.)

7.      Metaldyne Corporation

8.      Visteon Corporation

9.      PBR International USA Ltd.

10.     SMW Automotive Corporation (and its affiliate Automotive Corporation,
Inc.)


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>k90767exv99w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE, DATED DECEMBER 28, 2004
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.2

        INTERMET CORPORATION
        5445 Corporate Drive
        Troy, MI 48098-2683
        Tel: 248-952-2500
        Fax: 248-952-2501


[INTERMET CORPORATION LOGO]

                                                           NEWS RELEASE

                                                           For IMMEDIATE Release
                                                           Contact: Mike Kelly
                                                           INTERMET Corporation
                                                           248-952-2500


INTERMET REACHES AGREEMENTS WITH MAJOR CUSTOMERS TO AMEND CONTRACTS

COMPANY INTENDS TO WITHDRAW MOTION TO REJECT SUPPLY CONTRACTS

TROY, Mich., December 28, 2004 - INTERMET Corporation (INMTQ.PK) announced today
that it has reached agreements with its largest customers to amend certain
purchase orders and contracts on mutually satisfactory terms, primarily related
to the recovery of scrap-steel and other raw-material costs. INTERMET intends to
file a motion today with the Bankruptcy Court for authority to assume these
agreements. If the motion is approved by the court, INTERMET intends to withdraw
the motion it filed with the court on November 17, 2004, for authority to reject
certain executory customer supply contracts.

"We are pleased that agreements have been reached with these important
customers, who represent nearly 80 percent of the company's North American
business," said Gary F. Ruff, INTERMET's Chairman and CEO. "It is a major step
in the right direction as we continue with our restructuring process. We
appreciate the support of our customers and we remain committed to helping them
meet their needs with quality cast-metal components."

INTERMET informed certain customers in mid-November that it was asking for court
authority to reject contracts determined to be burdensome because of terms that
did not allow sufficient recovery of raw material costs, primarily scrap steel.

Terms of the amended agreements were not disclosed.

About INTERMET

With headquarters in Troy, Michigan, INTERMET Corporation is a manufacturer of
powertrain, chassis/suspension and structural components for the automotive
industry. The company has approximately 5,800 employees worldwide. More
information is available on the Internet at www.intermet.com. Specific
information relating to the Chapter 11 cases filed by INTERMET and certain of
its domestic subsidiaries can be found on the Internet at www.administar.net.



<PAGE>

                                     (more)

INTERMET Corporation
December 28, 2004
Page 2


Cautionary Statement

This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The word "intends" and similar
words and expressions identify forward-looking statements. These statements are
not guarantees of future performance but instead involve various risks and
uncertainties. INTERMET's actual results may differ materially from those
suggested by its forward-looking statements due to factors such as: the economic
cost, management distraction and lost business opportunities associated with
bankruptcy proceedings; INTERMET's ability to consummate its anticipated DIP
financing; the high cost of scrap steel and the possibility that scrap steel
costs will remain at high levels or continue to increase, which would have
further negative effects on INTERMET's profitability, cash flow, liquidity and
ability to borrow; fluctuations in the cost of other raw materials, including
the cost of energy, aluminum, zinc, magnesium and alloys, and INTERMET's
ability, if any, to pass those costs on to its customers; pricing practices of
INTERMET's customers, including changes in their payment terms resulting from
the discontinuation of early payment programs and continuing demands for price
concessions as a condition to retaining current business or obtaining new
business, and the negative effect that price concessions have on profit margins;
changes in procurement practices and policies of INTERMET's customers for
automotive components, including the risk of the loss of major customers or the
loss of current or prospective vehicle programs as a result of INTERMET's
financial condition and prospects (or otherwise); possible inability to close
unprofitable plants or to transfer work from one plant to another because of the
related costs or customer requirements; general economic conditions, including
any downturn in the markets in which INTERMET operates; fluctuations in
automobile and light and heavy truck production, which directly affect demand
for INTERMET's products; deterioration in the market share of any of INTERMET's
major customers; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; work stoppages
or other labor disputes that could disrupt production at INTERMET's facilities
or those of its customers; continuing changes in environmental regulations to
which INTERMET is subject, and the costs INTERMET will incur in meeting more
stringent regulations; factors or presently unknown circumstances that may
result in impairment of INTERMET's assets, including further write-downs of its
goodwill; and other risks as detailed from time to time in INTERMET's periodic
SEC reports.


                                       ###


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
