
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1


TO:             (Affected Officers and Directors)

DATE:           December 20, 2004

SUBJECT:        Notice of Imposition of Blackout Period Pursuant to
                Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("Sarbanes-Oxley")

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This notice updates and supersedes the previous notice sent to you by
Vertrue Incorporated, formerly known as MemberWorks Incorporated (the
"Company"), on November 15, 2004, regarding the imposition of a blackout period
pursuant to Section 306(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley.

     As you may recall, the blackout period is being imposed on participants in
the Vertrue 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan (the "401(k) Plan") who decide to
participate in the Company's self-tender offer. The blackout period was
originally scheduled to begin on December 13, 2004 and end the week of December
19, 2004. The Company's tender offer was originally scheduled to expire on
December 15, 2004. The Company recently decided to extend the expiration date of
the tender offer until 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on January 7, 2005.
Because the expiration date of the tender offer is being extended, the dates of
the blackout period are being changed as further set forth in this notice.

     The tender offer is open to all of the Company's stockholders, including
all participants in the 401(k) Plan with respect to whom a portion of their
401(k) Plan accounts are invested in the Company's common stock. Those Company
stockholders who decide to participate in the tender offer by tendering shares
of the Company's common stock held in their 401(k) Plan will temporarily be
unable to transfer or sell their tendered shares while their tender instructions
are being processed and during the settlement period for the tender offer. This
period during which these participants will be unable to transfer or sell their
tendered shares is called a "blackout period". Due to the extension of the
expiration date of the tender offer, the blackout period previously disclosed to
you is being changed and is now expected to begin on January 5, 2005 and end
during the week of January 17, 2005. During this period, you can determine
whether the blackout period has started or ended by contacting Tami Pauley, the
administrator of the 401(k) Plan, by telephone at 402-661-2583, by mail at 9500
West Dodge Road, Omaha, NE 68114, or by e-mail at tami.pauley@vertrue.com.

     Section 306(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley requires that, during the blackout period,
all executive officers and directors of the Company be prohibited from trading
in all Company equity securities ("Service Securities") acquired by them in
connection with their service and/or employment with the Company in such
capacities. As a result, during the blackout period, you will not be able to
directly or indirectly, acquire, dispose of or transfer any Service Securities,
subject to certain limited exceptions. To determine whether an exception applies
to a transaction by you in Service Securities, you must contact either George
Thomas at 203-674-7069 or Jim Duffy at 203-674-7417 (the "Designated Company
Officers"). The mailing address for the Designated Company Officers is 680
Washington Blvd., Stanford, CT 06901.

     Please note that only your Service Securities will be affected by this
blackout period. You will remain able to acquire, dispose of or transfer any
Company equity securities that do not qualify as Service Securities to the
extent that you are not prohibited from doing so under any Company policy. Prior
to effecting any acquisition, disposition or transfer of Company equity
securities during the blackout period, you should confirm with the Designated
Company Officers that such transaction is permissible.
<PAGE>
     If you have any questions concerning this notice, you should contact the
Designated Company Officers.


                                 VERTRUE INCORPORATED


                                 By: /s/ George W. M. Thomas
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                        Name: George W. M. Thomas
                                        Title:   Senior Vice President,
                                                   General Counsel


