
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 10.6

THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED. THEY MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE
ABSENCE OF A REGISTRATION STATEMENT IN EFFECT WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURITIES
UNDER SUCH ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REQUIREMENT UNDER SUCH ACT.

                                                                 20,455 Warrants

                        COMMON STOCK WARRANT CERTIFICATE

          To subscribe for and purchase shares of Class A Common Stock,
                              par value $0.001, of

                             ORION HEALTHCORP, INC.


      THIS CERTIFIES that, for valued received, Brantley Partners IV, L.P., or
its registered successors and assigns, is the owner of the number of warrants
(the "Warrants") set forth above, each to purchase from Orion HealthCorp, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (herein called the "Company"), at any time but in any
event no later than 5:00 p.m., New York time on December 15, 2009 (the
"Expiration Date"), one share of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001 per
share, of the Company at an initial exercise price of $0.01, subject to
adjustment from time to time pursuant to the provisions of Section 2. The
Warrants evidenced by the Warrant Certificate may be exercised, if at all, only
in whole and not in part. For purposes of this Warrant Certificate, the term
"Common Shares" shall mean the class of capital stock of the Company designated
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, pursuant to the Company's
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as from time to time in
effect, and any other class of capital stock of the Company resulting from
successive changes or reclassification of the Class A Common Stock.

      1.    Exercise of Warrants.

            (a)   The Warrants evidenced hereby may be exercised at any time
      through the Expiration Date by the registered holder hereof, in whole but
      not in part, by the surrender of this Warrant Certificate, duly endorsed
      (unless endorsement is waived by the Company), at the principal office of
      the Company (or at such other office or agency of the Company as it may
      designate by notice in writing to the registered holder hereof at such
      holder's last address appearing on the books of the Company) and upon
      payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (as defined below) of the Common
      Shares purchased. The certificate(s) for such Common Shares shall be
      delivered to the registered holder hereof within a reasonable time, not
      exceeding three (3) business days, after Warrants evidenced hereby shall
      have been so exercised. No fractional Common Shares of the Company, or
      scrips for any such fractional shares, shall be issued upon the exercise
      of any Warrants; but the holder hereof shall be entitled to cash equal to
      such fraction multiplied by the then Current Market Value of a Common
      Share.
<PAGE>
            (b)   In the event the Current Market Value of a Common Share
      exceeds the Exercise Price on the business day immediately prior to the
      exercise of the Warrants, the Holder may exercise the Warrants held by
      such holder, without the payment of any additional consideration, for a
      number of Common Shares determined by dividing (i) the result of the
      difference between such Current Market Value and the Exercise Price times
      the number of Common Shares into which the Warrants held by such Holder
      are exercisable by (ii) such Current Market Value.

            (c)   For the purpose of any computation of Current Market Value
      under this Warrant, the Current Market Value per Common Share at any date
      shall be (x) the closing price on the business day immediately prior to
      the exercise of the Warrants pursuant to Section 1(b) and (y) in all other
      cases, the average of the daily closing prices for the 20 consecutive
      trading days ending on the last full trading day on the exchange or market
      specified in the second succeeding sentence prior to the Time of
      Determination. The term "Time of Determination" as used herein shall be
      the time and date of the earlier to occur of (A) the date as of which the
      Current Market Value is to be computed and (B) the last full trading day
      on such exchange or market before the commencement of "ex-dividend"
      trading in the Common Stock relating to the event giving rise to the
      adjustment required by Section 2. The closing price for any day shall be
      the last reported sale price regular way or, in case no such reported sale
      takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices
      regular way for such day, in each case (1) on the principal national
      securities exchange on which the Common Shares listed or to which such
      shares are admitted to trading or (2) if the Common Shares are not listed
      or admitted to trading on a national securities exchange, in the
      over-the-counter market as reported by NASDAQ or any comparable system or
      (3) if the Common Shares are not listed on NASDAQ or a comparable system,
      as furnished by two members of the NASD selected from time to time in good
      faith by the Board of Directors of the Company for that purpose. In the
      absence of all of the foregoing, or if for any other reason the Current
      Market Value per share cannot be determined pursuant to the foregoing
      provisions of this Section 1(c), the Current Market Value per share shall
      be the fair market value thereof as determined in good faith by the Board
      of Directors of the Company.

      2.    Adjustment in Exercise Price and Number of Shares. The initial
exercise price of $0.01 per share shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time as hereinafter provided (such price, as last adjusted, being herein called
the "Exercise Price"). Upon each adjustment of the Exercise Price, the holder of
this Warrant Certificate shall thereafter be entitled to purchase at the
Exercise Price resulting from such adjustment, the number of shares obtained by
dividing the product of the number of shares purchasable pursuant hereto
immediately prior to such adjustment and the Exercise Price immediately
preceding such adjustment by the Exercise Price resulting from such adjustment.

            (a)   Subdivision or Combination of Stock. If and whenever the
      Company shall at any time subdivide its outstanding Common Shares into a
      greater number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
      to such subdivision shall be proportionately
<PAGE>
      reduced, and conversely, in case the outstanding Common Shares of the
      Company shall be combined into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise
      Price in effect immediately prior to such combination shall be
      proportionately increased.

            (b)   Stock Dividends. If and whenever at any time the Company shall
      declare a dividend or make any other distribution upon any class or series
      of stock of the Company payable in Common Shares, the Exercise Price in
      effect immediately prior to such dividend or distribution shall be
      proportionately reduced as if such dividend or distribution had been made
      by way of a subdivision pursuant to Section 2(a) above.

            (c)   Reorganization, Reclassification, Consolidation, Merger. If
      any capital reorganization, reclassification of the capital stock of the
      Company, consolidation or merger of the Company with another corporation,
      or sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
      Company's properties to another corporation shall be effected, then,
      lawful and adequate provision shall be made whereby each holder of
      Warrants shall thereafter have the right to purchase and receive upon the
      basis and upon the terms and conditions herein specified and in lieu of
      the Common Shares immediately theretofore issuable upon exercise or the
      Warrants, such shares of stock, securities or properties (including cash
      paid as partial consideration) (collectively, the "Substitute Securities")
      as may be issuable or payable with respect to or in exchange for a number
      of outstanding Common Shares equal to the number of Common Shares issuable
      upon exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to such reorganization,
      reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or other
      disposition, and in any such case, appropriate provision shall be made
      with respect to the rights and interests of each holder of Warrants to the
      end that the provisions hereof shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly
      equivalent as may be practicable in relation to any Substitute Securities
      thereafter deliverable upon the exercise thereof. The above provisions of
      this Section 2(c) shall similarly apply to successive reorganizations,
      reclassification, consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or
      dispositions.

      3.    Company to Provide Stock. The Company covenants and agrees that all
the Common Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the Warrants
evidenced hereby upon the due exercise, including the receipt by the Company of
the aggregate Exercise Price for all Warrants exercised, will be duly
authorized, validly issued and fully paid and nonassessable and free from all
taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof to the registered
holder hereof other than those which the Company shall promptly pay or
discharge. The Company further covenants and agrees that during the period
within which the Warrants evidenced hereby may be exercised, the Company will at
all times reserve such number of Common Shares as may be sufficient to permit
the exercise in full of the Warrants hereby.

      4.    Other Notices. If any time prior to the Expiration of the Warrants
evidenced hereby:

            (a)   The Company shall declare any dividend on the Common Shares
      payable in shares of capital stock of the Company other than Common
      Shares; or

                                     - 3 -
<PAGE>
            (b)   The Company shall issue any options, warrants or rights pro
      rata to all holders of Common Shares entitling them to subscribe for or
      purchase any shares of stock of the Company or to receive any other
      rights; or

            (c)   The Company shall distribute pro rata to all holders of Common
      Shares evidences of its indebtedness or assets (including cash
      distributions); or

            (d)   There shall occur any reclassification of the Common Shares,
      or any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into another
      corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which the Company is
      the continuing corporation and which does not result in any
      reclassification of the Common Stock) or a sale or transfer to another
      corporation of all or substantially all of the properties of the Company;
      or

            (e)   There shall occur the voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
      dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company;

then, and in each of such cases, the Company shall mail to the registered holder
hereof at its last address appearing on the books of the Company, a reasonable
time (and, in any event, at least fifteen (15) business days) prior to the
applicable record date (or determination date) mentioned below, a notice
stating, to the extent such information is available, (i) the date on which a
record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution or rights,
or, if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of Common
Shares or of record to be entitled to such dividend, distribution or rights are
to be determined, or (ii) the date on which such liquidation, dissolution or
winding up is expected to become effective and the date as of which it is
expected that holders of Common Shares of record shall be entitled to exchange
their Common Shares for securities or other property deliverable upon such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, liquidation,
dissolution or winding up.

      5.    Replacement of Warrants. On receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of
this Warrant Certificate, and in the case of any such loss, theft or destruction
of this Warrant Certificate, on delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Company or, in the case of any such
mutilation, on surrender and cancellation of such Warrant Certificate, unless
the Company has received notice that any such Warrant Certificate has been
acquired by a bona fide purchase, the Company at its expense will execute and
deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant Certificate of like tenor.

      6.    Registered Holder. The registered holder of this Warrant Certificate
shall be deemed the owner hereof and of the Warrants evidenced hereby for all
purposes. The registered holder of this Warrant Certificate shall not be
entitled by virtue of ownership of this Warrant Certificate to any rights
whatsoever as a shareholder of the Company.

      7.    Amendments and Waivers. Any provision in this Warrant Certificate to
the contrary notwithstanding, changes in or additions to this Warrant
Certificate may be made and compliance with any covenant or provision herein set
forth may be omitted or waived if the Company shall obtain consent thereto in
writing from the holder hereof.

                                     - 4 -
<PAGE>
      8.    Transfer.

            (a)   None of this Warrant Certificate and the Warrants evidenced
      hereby nor any Common Shares issued or exercise hereof may be sold,
      transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of unless and
      until: (i) there is then in effect a registration statement under the
      Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), covering such
      proposed disposition and such disposition is made in accordance with such
      registration statement and all applicable state securities laws; or (ii)
      (A) the transferor shall have notified the Company of the proposed
      disposition and shall have furnished the Company with a statement of the
      circumstances surrounding the proposed disposition, and (B) if reasonably
      requested by the Company, such transferor shall have furnished the Company
      with an opinion of counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Company, that
      such disposition will not require registration of such securities under
      the Securities Act and that all requisite action has been or will, on a
      timely basis, be taken under any applicable state securities laws in
      connection with such disposition; and (iii) the proposed transferee shall
      have agreed in writing to be bound by the terms and provisions of this
      Section 8.

            (b)   Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8(a), no such
      registration statement or opinion of counsel shall be necessary for a
      transfer pursuant to Rule 144(k) promulgated under the Securities Act, or
      a transfer to an entity wholly owned by such transferor, if the transferee
      agrees in writing to be subject to the terms hereof to the same extent as
      if such transferee were an original holder of this certificate.

            (c)   This Warrant Certificate may be transferred only in whole and
      not in part.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Orion HealthCorp, Inc. has caused this Warrant
Certificate to be signed by a duly authorized officer under seal, and this
Warrant Certificate to be dated December 15, 2004.

                                            ORION HEALTHCORP, INC.


                                            By: /s/ Keith LeBlanc
                                                -----------------
                                            Title: President


                                     - 5 -

