

EXHIBIT 99.1

ENHANCE BIOTECH ANNOUNCES CLOSING OF MERGER WITH ARDENT PHARMACEUTICALS

NEW YORK, NY-- (PR  NEWSWIRE)--DECEMBER  20 2004--ENHANCE BIOTECH, INC. (OTC PK:
EBOI),  a specialty  pharmaceutical  company  developing a portfolio of products
focused on lifestyle drugs, and Ardent  Pharmaceuticals  Inc., a world leader in
discovering and developing delta receptor compounds,  announced today that their
previously  announced merger transaction has been consummated.  As a consequence
of the transaction,  Ardent is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of Enhance Biotech,
Inc. The new portfolio  offers a broad pipeline of products  under  development,
ranging from  pre-clinical  New Chemical  Entities  (NCE) through to later stage
products  addressing the potentially  large  lifestyle  market areas of urology,
dermatology and Central Nervous System (CNS). The management and scientific team
includes leading specialist scientists in the delta receptor area and management
talent with an  expertise  in  licensing  products  and driving them through the
regulatory  process  to market.  Combined  facilities  include  state-of-the-art
laboratory and development facilities for early stage chemistry and pharmacology
along with clinical  expertise.  Merger agreements provide that immediately upon
consummation  of the merger  transaction,  on a fully-diluted  basis,  Enhance's
pre-existing  stockholders own approximately fifty-five percent (55%) of Enhance
Biotech,  Inc., and former Ardent  shareholders own approximately  approximately
forty-five percent (45%) of Enhance Biotech, Inc.

Effective immediately,  Chris Every, Enhance Biotech's CEO, will continue as the
CEO, President and a member of the Board of Directors.  Dr. Ken Chang, Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer and Founder of Ardent,  has been appointed  President of
Asia Pacific  Operations  and Chief  Science  Officer of Enhance.  Phillip Wise,
Chief Financial Officer and VP Business Development of Ardent has been named the
Chief Financial Officer of Enhance. Sam McCormick,  the Chief Science Officer of
Enhance has  assumed  the  position  of Vice  President  Science of Europe.  The
Company's  operational  headquarters  is based in the  North  Carolina  Research
Triangle with corporate offices in New York and London.

Chris Every commented,  "This merger opens an exciting future for our employees,
shareholders and future  customers.  The closing of this merger  transaction was
the  realization  of the hard work and  collaborative  efforts of employees from
both  organizations.   The  success  of  the  negotiation  process,   which  was
facilitated  by independent  biotech  bankers  BIO-IB,  bodes well for effective
completion and cohesive  merging of the operations of the two  organizations  in
the immediate future.  Combined, our two companies have taken a significant step
toward  fulfilling  the  vision of  becoming  a leader in  lifestyle,  specialty
pharmaceuticals  offering  a broad  portfolio  of  products  to the  market in a
relatively short period of time."

About Enhance Biotech

Enhance  Biotech,  Inc.  is  a  specialty   pharmaceutical  company  focused  on
developing a product  portfolio in three key areas of the lifestyle drug market:
urology,  dermatology and CNS. Key conditions  addressed within the urology area
are  Urinary  Incontinence  and  Sexual  Dysfunction,  which  include  premature
ejaculation and male fertility,  while skincare  indications  include Cellulite,
Itch,  Anti-aging,  Periodontal  Disease and  Dermatological  Disorders  such as
Atopic Dermatitis and Psoriasis.  Within the CNS area, the Company is developing
compounds in  moderate-to-severe  Pain,  Parkinson's disease and Depression.  An
area for future  licensing  for which the Company  has  developed  compounds  is
Cardio-protection.  The  Company  has  developed  substantial  knowledge  of the
chemistry  and  pharmacology  of the delta  receptor,  including  a  library  of
approximately 1,000 compounds that demonstrate specific delta receptor activity.
This creates a valuable product portfolio in the lifestyle market, a market that
is forecast to grow to US $32 billion by 2008. The  pharmaceutical  industry has
invested  over $20  billion in R&D for  lifestyle  drugs over the last 10 years,
although  relatively few new products have as yet reached the market.  Enhance's
lead  development  products are intended to address  unmet needs in these global
blockbuster markets.  These products are generally in development stages ranging
from  pre-clinical  target compound  selection through to late Phase II. Enhance
has 18 employees and an extensive  research  facility based in North  Carolina's
Research  Triangle  Park  along  with  experienced   clinical   development  and
commercial  management.  For more  information on the Company,  please visit the
Company's website at www.enhancelifesciences.com.

<PAGE>

Certain statements  contained herein are  "forward-looking"  statements (as such
term is  defined  in the  Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform  Act of 1995).
Because these  statements  include risks and  uncertainties,  actual results may
differ  materially  from those  expressed  or  implied  by such  forward-looking
statements.  Specifically,  factors  that could cause  actual  results to differ
materially  from those expressed or implied by such  forward-looking  statements
include,  but are not limited to: risks associated with preclinical and clinical
developments  in the  biopharmaceutical  industry  in  general  and  in  Enhance
Biotech's  compounds under  development in particular;  the potential failure of
Enhance  Biotech's  compounds under  development to prove safe and effective for
treatment  of  disease;  uncertainties  inherent  in the early  stage of Enhance
Biotech'  compounds  under  development;  failure to  successfully  implement or
complete clinical trials; failure to receive marketing clearance from regulatory
agencies  for  our  compounds  under  development;  acquisitions,  divestitures,
mergers,   licenses  or  strategic  initiatives  that  change  Enhance  Biotech'
business,  structure or  projections;  the  development  of competing  products;
uncertainties  related to  Enhance  Biotech'  dependence  on third  parties  and
partners;  and those risks  described  in the filings with the SEC, all of which
are under the Company's prior name Becor  Communications,  Inc.  Enhance Biotech
disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.


Investor Contact:                       European Contact:
Yvonne Zappulla                         John Gisborne
Managing Director                       Splash Communications
Wall Street Investor Relations          (44) 1225 - 318000
212-681-4108                            jgisborne@splashcommunications.com
Yvonne@WallStreetIR.com



<PAGE>



                                  END OF FILING



