
                                                                    Exhibit 10.1



                        FIRST AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT



      FIRST AMENDMENT TO LOAN AGREEMENT ("First Amendment") made as of December
22, 2004 by and among GREG MANNING AUCTIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
"Borrower"), GREG MANNING AUCTIONS REAL ESTATE, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (the "Mortgage Borrower") and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
("Bank").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

      WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Bank are parties to a certain Loan Agreement
dated as of May 28, 2004;

      WHEREAS, the Borrower is sole member of the Mortgage Borrower which was
formed by the Borrower to acquire the commercial office and warehouse facility
occupied by the Borrower commonly known as 775 Passaic Ave., West Caldwell, New
Jersey;

      WHEREAS, the Bank is willing to provide to the Borrower and the Mortgage
Borrower a commercial mortgage loan to finance, in part, the Borrower's
acquisition of such facility;

      NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants contained
herein and other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, it is agreed as follows:

      1.    Definitions.

            (a) Capitalized terms used in this First Amendment without
      definition shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in
      the Agreement.

            (b) New defined terms, are added to Section 1.1 as follows:

            "Mortgage Borrower" shall mean Greg Manning Auctions Real Estate,
      LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

            "Mortgage Loan" shall mean the credit facility extended by the Bank
      to the Borrower and the Mortgage Borrower under Article 2A of this
      Agreement.

            "Mortgage Note" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2A.1.

            "Property" shall mean the real property and improvements located
      thereon commonly known as 775 Passaic Ave., West Caldwell, New Jersey,
      block 1402, lot 14 on the Tax Map of West Caldwell.


                                       4
<PAGE>

            "Security Documents" shall mean the Security Agreements, the
      Mortgage and Security Agreement given by the Mortgage Borrower and all
      other documents granting security for the Obligations.

            (c) The following defined terms are amended and restated as follows:

            "Guarantor" shall mean each of Spectrum Numismatics International,
      Inc., a California corporation ("Spectrum"), Spectrum Auction Services,
      LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Teletrade, Inc., a Delaware
      corporation ("Teletrade") Spectrum Numismatic Auctions, Inc., a California
      corporation, Ivy & Mader Philatelic Auctions, Inc., a Texas corporation,
      Greg Manning Galleries, Inc., a New York corporation, Kensington
      Associates, LLC, a California limited liability company, North American
      Certified Trading, LLC, a California limited liability company, Kingswood
      Coin Auctions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Superior Sports
      Auctions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Bowers & Merena
      Auctions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Greg Manning Nutmeg
      Auctions, Inc., a Delaware corporation and, as to the Obligations other
      than the Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage Borrower.

            "Interest Payment Date" shall mean (i) as to the outstanding
      principal amount of the Line of Credit or the Mortgage Loan bearing
      interest based upon Prime Rate, the first day of each calendar month, and
      (ii) as to the outstanding principal amount of the Line of Credit or the
      Mortgage Loan constituting LIBOR Rate Loans, the last day of the LIBOR
      Rate Interest Period with respect thereto.

            "LIBOR Rate Interest Period" shall mean (1) the period of one month
      as to the portion, if any, as to which the Borrower has elected the LIBOR
      Rate Option with respect to the Mortgage Loan and each successive one
      month period thereafter and (2) the period of one, two, three or six
      months selected by the Borrower commencing on the date of the exercise of
      the LIBOR Rate Option as to any portion of the Line of Credit and each
      successive period selected by the Borrower thereafter; provided, that (i)
      if a LIBOR Rate Interest Period would end on a day which is not a Business
      Day, it shall end on the next succeeding Business Day; unless such day
      falls in the succeeding calendar month in which case the LIBOR Rate
      Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; (ii) the
      Borrower may not select a LIBOR Rate Interest Period that would end on a
      day after the end of the Line of Credit Term, and; (iii) any LIBOR Rate
      Interest Period that begins on the last business day of a calendar month
      (or a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last
      calendar month of such LIBOR Rate Interest Period) shall end in the last
      business day of the last calendar month of such LIBOR Rate Interest
      Period.

            "LIBOR Rate Loan" shall mean (i) the portions of the outstanding
      principal balances of the Line of Credit as to which the LIBOR Rate Option
      is exercised and (ii) in the case of the exercise of the LIBOR Rate Option
      as to the Mortgage Loan, the entire outstanding principal balance of the
      Mortgage Loan.

            "LIBOR Rate Option" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
      3.1(b).

            "Obligor" shall mean the Borrower, the Mortgage Borrower and each
      Guarantor.


                                       5
<PAGE>

            "Prime Rate Loan" shall mean (i) the entire principal balance of the
      Mortgage Loan and (ii) the portions of the outstanding principal balance
      of the Line of Credit which, at any time, bear interest at the Prime-based
      Rate.

            2. New Article 2A. The Agreement is amended by the addition of a new
      Article 2A as follows:

            2A.1 Amount of Loan. Subject to the terms and conditions wet forth
      in this Agreement, on the date of the First Amendment the Bank will make a
      term loan to the Borrower and the Mortgage Borrower, jointly and
      severally, in the amount of $1,312,500 (the "Mortgage Loan"). The Mortgage
      Loan shall be evidenced by a note in the form of Exhibit E attached hereto
      (the "Mortgage Note").

            2A.2 Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Mortgage Loan shall be
      used to finance, in part, the acquisition by the Mortgage Borrower of the
      Property.

            2A.3 Repayment. The Mortgage Loan shall be repaid in fifty nine (59)
      equal monthly principal payments of $7,291.67, commencing on February 1,
      2005 and continuing on 1st day of each month thereafter until December 1,
      2009 and a final payment of $882,291.47 on January 1, 2010; provided,
      however, that the Bank may call the Mortgage Loan at any time, whether or
      not a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (the
      "Call Option"), in which case the Mortgage Loan will be due and payable in
      full on the date one year and one day following the exercise of the Call
      Option; and, provided, further, if the Borrower terminates the Line of
      Credit, the Mortgage Loan will be payable in full on the date one year and
      one day following such termination.

            2A.4 Interest. The unpaid principal balance of the Mortgage Loan
      shall bear interest at a rate or rates selected by the Mortgage Borrower,
      from time to time, from the interest rate options set forth in Section
      3.1. The Mortgage Borrower may fix the interest rate on the Mortgage Loan
      by entering into an interest rate swap agreement for the full term of the
      loan with a counterparty reasonably satisfactory to the Bank. If the Bank
      is the counterparty to such a swap, all obligations of the Mortgage
      Borrower to the Bank arising therefrom shall be secured by the Collateral.
      If the Bank is not the counterparty, the swap shall be unsecured.

            3. Amendments of Article 3. Article 3 of the Agreement is amended as
      follows:

                  (a)   Section 3.1 of the Agreement is amended and restated as
                        follows:

                  3.1   Interest Rates.

            (a) Prime Rate. The outstanding principal amounts under the Line of
      Credit and the Mortgage Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal
      to the Prime-based Rate, determined on the basis of a year of 360 days for
      the actual number of days elapsed, unless, as to a portion thereof, the
      Borrower elects the LIBOR Rate Option provided for in paragraph (b) below.


                                       6
<PAGE>

            (b) LIBOR Rate Option. The Borrower shall have the option to elect,
      from time to time, that interest on portions of the outstanding principal
      amounts under the Line of Credit and the entire principal balance of the
      Mortgage Loan be calculated on the basis of the LIBOR rate (the "LIBOR
      Rate Option"). Each LIBOR Rate Loan shall bear interest at a rate of
      interest per annum (computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and the
      actual number of days elapsed) equal to the sum of (A) the LIBOR rate plus
      (B) (i) 250 basis points (2.50%) per annum in the case of the Line of
      Credit and (ii) 225 basis points (2.25%) per annum in the case of the
      Mortgage Loan, for the applicable LIBOR Rate Interest Period in an amount
      equal to the principal amount of the LIBOR Rate Loan and having a
      comparable maturity as determined at or about 11:00 a.m. (London time) two
      Business Days prior to the commencement of the LIBOR Rate Interest Period.
      In order to exercise the LIBOR Rate Option, the Borrower shall supply to
      the Bank, by 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time), at least two (2) Business Days
      prior to the date of a desired LIBOR Rate Loan or any renewal or
      conversion of a LIBOR Rate Interest Period, a completed and signed Notice
      of Conversion / Continuation substantially in the form of Exhibit B
      attached hereto, subject in each case to the following:

            (i) a LIBOR Rate Loan may not be converted into a Prime Rate Loan or
      continued as a new LIBOR Rate Loan at a time other than the last day of
      the LIBOR Rate Interest Period applicable thereto;

            (ii) no LIBOR Rate Loan may be continued as a new LIBOR Rate Loan
      and no Prime Rate Loan may be converted to a LIBOR Rate Loan when any
      Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

            (iii) any portion of a LIBOR Rate Loan that cannot be converted into
      or continued as a LIBOR Rate Loan by reason of a provision of this
      Agreement or otherwise, automatically shall be converted at the end of the
      LIBOR Rate Interest Period in effect for such LIBOR Rate Loan to a Prime
      Rate Loan;

            (iv) on the last day of any LIBOR Rate Interest Period for a LIBOR
      Rate Loan, if the Borrower has failed to give notice of conversion or
      continuation as described in this section, such LIBOR Rate Loan shall
      automatically be converted to a Prime Rate Loan on the last day of such
      then expiring LIBOR Rate Interest Period;

            (v) a LIBOR Rate Loan with respect to the Line of Credit must be at
      least $500,000 or a whole multiple of $10,000 in excess thereof; and

            (vi) at no time shall more than four (4) LIBOR Rate Loans be
      outstanding with respect to the Line of Credit.

            4. Conditions Precedent.

            The Bank shall have no obligation to make the Mortgage Loan unless
      the events set forth in (a) below shall have occurred and the Borrower and
      the Mortgage Borrower shall have delivered to the Bank, in form and
      substance satisfactory to the Bank and its counsel, the documents set
      forth in (b) below:


                                       7
<PAGE>

            (a)   Events.

            (i) All proceedings taken in connection with the execution of this
      First Amendment and the execution and delivery of all other Loan Documents
      relating thereto shall be satisfactory to the Bank and its counsel;

            (ii) The Bank shall have received all reasonable fees and
      out-of-pocket expenses which are payable to the Bank or its counsel; and

            (iii) The Bank and its counsel shall have received such documents
      and papers as the Bank or counsel may reasonably request in connection
      therewith, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Bank and its
      counsel.

            (b) Closing Documents.

            (i) The Mortgage Note, a Mortgage and Security Agreement, an
      Assignment of Rents and Leases and an Environmental Indemnity Agreement,
      duly executed by the Borrower and/or the Mortgage Borrower, as applicable.

            (ii) A Certificate of the Secretary of the Borrower certifying as to
      resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower duly adopted and in
      full force and effect authorizing (a) the consummation of the transactions
      contemplated by this First Amendment and (b) officers to execute and
      deliver the applicable Loan Documents.

            (iii) Evidence of limited liability company authorization, certified
      by an appropriate person on behalf of the Mortgage Borrower, as being duly
      adopted and in full force and effect authorizing (a) the consummation of
      the transactions contemplated by this First Amendment and (b) officers to
      execute and deliver the applicable Loan Documents.

            (iv) Certificates of the appropriate Governmental Authorities, dated
      the most recent practicable date, showing that the Borrower and the
      Mortgage Borrower is organized and in good standing in its jurisdiction of
      organization and, in the case of the Mortgage Borrower, is qualified, and
      in good standing, as a foreign limited liability company in the State of
      New Jersey.

            (v) Copies of the Certificate of Formation and operating agreement
      of the Mortgage Borrower, certified by an appropriate person as true and
      complete.

            (vi) Evidence that the insurance policies provided for in Section
      7.6 of the Agreement and as required by the Mortgage and Security
      Agreement with respect to the Property are in full force and effect, with
      an appropriate loss payable clause in favor of the Bank.

            (vii) An opinion of Carol Meltzer, Esq., counsel to the Borrower and
      the Mortgage Borrower.

            (viii) A consent and waiver agreement from Capital Coin Fund.


                                       8
<PAGE>

            (ix) A copy of the lease agreement in effect between the Borrower
      and the Mortgage Borrower having a term expiring no earlier than three
      months following the scheduled maturity date of the Mortgage Loan.

            (x) A phase I environmental site assessment of the Property.

            (xi) An appraisal of the Property performed by a licensed appraiser
      selected by the Bank reflecting a loan to value ratio of no greater than
      75%.

            (xii) A marked-up title insurance commitment and /or a pro forma
      title insurance policy with respect to the Lien in favor of the Bank.

            (xiii) A current ATLA survey relative to the Property certified to
      the Bank.

            (xiv) Evidence of the closing of the acquisition of the Property by
      the Mortgage Borrower.

            (xv) UCC-1 Financing Statements identifying the Mortgage Borrower as
      the debtor.

            (xvi) Such additional information and documents and the Bank may
      request.

            5. Representations and Warranties.

            (a) Section 5.1 of the Agreement is amended and restated as follows:

            5.1 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law. Each Obligor (i) is a
      corporation or limited liability company duly organized, validly existing
      and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
      incorporation; (ii) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or foreign
      limited liability company and in good standing under the laws of each
      jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of
      its business requires such qualification (except for jurisdictions in
      which such failure so to qualify or to be in good standing would not have
      a Material Adverse Effect); (iii) has the requisite corporate or limited
      liability company power and authority and the legal right to own, pledge,
      mortgage or otherwise encumber and operate its properties, to lease the
      property it operates under lease, and to conduct its business as now,
      heretofore and proposed to be conducted; (iv) has all material licenses,
      permits, consents or approvals from or by, and has made all material
      filings with, and has given all material notices to, all Governmental
      Authorities having jurisdiction, to the extent required for such
      ownership, operation and conduct; (v) is in compliance with its
      certificate of incorporation and by-laws or certificate of formation and
      operating agreement, as applicable; and (vi) is in compliance with all
      applicable provisions of law and all of its contracts with third parties
      where the failure to comply would have a Material Adverse Effect.

            (b) The Borrower represents and warrants as follows:


                                       9
<PAGE>

            (i) As of this date, no Event of Default has occurred and is
      continuing and no uncured Default exists. The Borrower (A) makes the
      representations and warranties set forth in Article 5 of the Agreement as
      to the Mortgage Borrower and (B) affirms same as to the other Obligors, as
      if set forth at length herein.

            (ii) Since February 2, 2004, there has been no material adverse
      change in the financial condition, operations, business or prospects of
      the Borrower taken as a whole.

            (iii) Each of the Borrower and the Mortgage Borrower has the power
      and authority to enter into this First Amendment and the execution hereof
      has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate or limited liability
      company action.

            (iv) The Mortgage Borrower was formed solely for the purpose of
      taking title to the Property, becoming a borrower of the Mortgage Loan and
      leasing the Property to the Borrower. Prior to the date hereof, the
      Mortgage Borrower has not engaged in any business. The Borrower is the
      only member of the Mortgage Borrower.

            6. Counterparts. This First Amendment may be executed in
      counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the
      same agreement.

            7. Affirmation. Except as amended hereby, in all respects, the
      Agreement is ratified and confirmed.







                  [remainder of page intentionally left blank]



                                       10

<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this First Amendment has been duly executed as of the
date first above written.


                                    GREG MANNING AUCTIONS, INC.


                                    By: /s/ Larry Crawford
                                       --------------------------------------
                                       Name:  Larry Crawford
                                       Title:  Executive Vice President

                                    GREG MANNING AUCTIONS REAL ESTATE, LLC

                                    By: GREG MANNING AUCTIONS, INC., SOLE MEMBER



                                    By: /s/ Larry Crawford
                                       --------------------------------------
                                       Name: Larry Crawford
                                       Title: Executive Vice President

                                    PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


                                    By:_____________________________________
                                       Name:  John H. Prol
                                       Title: Vice President





                                       11

