
                          UNITED STATES
               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     Washington, D.C.  20549
                        _________________

                            FORM 8-K

                         CURRENT REPORT
             Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                 Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                        _________________


                Date of Report: December 22, 2004
                (Date of earliest event reported)


                       TEMPLE-INLAND INC.
     (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

      Delaware             001-08634             75-1903917
  (State or Other         (Commission           (IRS Employer
    Jurisdiction          File Number)       Identification No.)
 of Incorporation)


        1300 MoPac Expressway South, Austin, Texas 78746
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip code)

                         (512) 434-5800
      (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)


                         Not Applicable
  (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

     Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is
intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the
registrant under any of the following provisions:

[  ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the
     Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
[  ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
[  ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
     under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
[  ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
     under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240. 13e-4(c))

<page>2

Item 7.01.     Regulation FD Disclosure

     We previously disclosed in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-
Q for the second and third quarters of 2004 that an internal
investigation revealed that Guaranty Bank's mortgage origination
operation failed to file certain regulatory reports on a timely
basis and may have violated applicable laws and regulations.
Guaranty Bank reported its findings and corrective actions to the
Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS). After the OTS reviewed the
findings and corrective actions and conducted its own
examination, it and Guaranty Bank have agreed to enter into a
Stipulation and Consent to the Issuance of an Order to Cease and
Desist for Affirmative Relief (Consent Order).  Guaranty Bank
agreed to the issuance of the Consent Order, without admitting or
denying any wrongdoing or relevant findings, in the interest of
addressing the matters subject to the review and avoiding the
costs and disruption associated with possible administrative or
judicial proceedings regarding those matters.  Under the Consent
Order, Guaranty Bank agreed, among other things, to take certain
actions primarily related to its repositioned mortgage
origination activities, including strengthening its regulatory
compliance controls and management, enhancing its suspicious
activity reporting and regulatory training programs, and
implementing improved risk assessment and loan application
register programs. No financial penalties were included in the
Consent Order.

     Guaranty Bank is in the process of completing implementation
of these corrective actions and expects to have the majority of
them in place by first quarter-end 2005. Guaranty Bank has also
substantially completed the previously disclosed repositioning of
its mortgage origination activities including the sale of its
retail mortgage origination outlets.  The sale of its third party
mortgage-servicing portfolio should be completed by year-end
2004.

     The Consent Order has no material impact on the operations
of Guaranty Bank or its ability to pay dividends. We have not
incurred any material financial loss as a result of this matter
and have no reason to believe that the matters addressed in the
Consent Order will result in any material loss.  As previously
announced, Guaranty Bank is on target to achieve record earnings
in 2004 and is positioned for continued strong financial
performance in 2005.

Forward-Looking Statements

     This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  Our actual
results may differ significantly from the results discussed in
the forward-looking statements.  Factors that might cause such
differences include general economic, market, or business
conditions; the opportunities or lack thereof that may or may not
be presented to and pursued by us; availability and price of raw
materials we use; competitive actions by others; changes in laws
or regulations; the accuracy of our judgments and estimates
concerning the integration of acquired operations and the
consolidation and supply chain initiatives; and other factors,
many of which are beyond our control.


<page>3

                            SIGNATURE

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                              TEMPLE-INLAND INC.


Date: December 22, 2004       By:  /s/ M. Richard Warner
                                 ---------------------------
                                   Name:  M. Richard Warner
                                   Title: President




