
<PAGE>
[ALTEON LETTERHEAD]

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                          Contact:  Susan M. Pietropaolo
                                                         Director, Corporate
                                                         Communications
                                                         & Investor Relations
                                                         201-818-5537 (direct)
                                                         spietropaolo@alteon.com

               ALTEON UPDATES CLINICAL TRIAL PROGRAMS IN INVESTOR
                                 CONFERENCE CALL

       --HIGHLIGHTS INCLUDE POSITIVE INTERIM FINDINGS FROM PHASE 2 TRIALS,
                         IND IN ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION --

Parsippany, NJ, December 20, 2004 - In a conference call today, Alteon Inc.
(AMEX: ALT) updated investors on the status of its ongoing clinical programs, as
well as other corporate initiatives. Highlights of the conference call include:

      -                 The ongoing Phase 2b SPECTRA (Systolic Pressure EffiCacy
            and Safety TRial of Alagebrium) trial is on target to complete
            enrollment during the first half of 2005, with data expected to be
            reported during the second half of 2005. SPECTRA is designed to
            evaluate alagebrium's ability to lower systolic blood pressure (SBP)
            in patients with a reading of greater than or equal to 145 mm Hg (by
            24-hour ambulatory blood pressure measurement). Patients who are
            randomized into SPECTRA receive alagebrium tablets or placebo in
            addition to hydrochlorothiazide (a diuretic pill) once a day for 12
            weeks. Approximately 70 clinical sites are enrolling patients into
            the trial. Alagebrium's activity in prior clinical trials
            demonstrated the drug's apparent safety and ability to lower SBP and
            pulse pressure in ageing patients, especially in a
            difficult-to-treat hypertensive patient population. Notably,
            alagebrium's beneficial effects in previous Phase 2 trials were
            demonstrated over and above current hypertension therapy, and data
            thus far point to a mechanism of action unlike any existing blood
            pressure agent.

      -                 Alteon announced positive findings from an interim
            analysis of PEDESTAL (Patients with Impaired Ejection Fraction and
            Diastolic Dysfunction: Efficacy and Safety Trial of ALagebrium).
            This ongoing Phase 2a open-label exploratory study is being
            conducted at Baylor Heart Clinic in Houston to evaluate alagebrium's
            effects on diastolic function and ventricular mass in patients with
            significant heart failure. Preliminary data from the initial 14 (of
            planned 20) patients indicate trends consistent with positive data
            from the previously reported Phase 2a DIAMOND (Distensibility
            Improvement And ReMOdeliNg in Diastolic Heart Failure) trial and
            preclinical studies in heart failure. While patients in PEDESTAL
            cannot be compared directly with those from DIAMOND (patients in
            PEDESTAL have impaired ejection fraction, larger hearts and are
            sicker overall), treatment with alagebrium appears to have important
            and consistent effects in both patient groups. In accordance with
            the protocol, the clinical investigators for PEDESTAL are continuing
            to enroll patients. Final data will be reported in 2005.
<PAGE>
      -                 Alteon announced positive findings from an interim
            analysis of the Phase 2a open-label trial in endothelial function
            conducted at Johns Hopkins under grants from the National Heart,
            Lung and Blood Institute and the Society of Geriatric Cardiology.
            The primary purpose of this trial is to determine whether increasing
            arterial elasticity by breaking A.G.E. crosslinks improves
            endothelial function as assessed by evaluating vessel relaxation and
            biomarkers of endothelial function. These data are showing strong
            trends in key measures relating to improvements in carotid artery
            stiffness based on a series of advanced non-invasive measurements.
            In accordance with the protocol, the clinical investigators are
            continuing to enroll patients. The next update will be reported in
            2005.

      -                 The company discussed a recent preliminary report of a
            two-year toxicity study that found that male rats exposed to high
            doses of alagebrium over their natural lifetime developed
            dose-related increases in liver cell alterations and tumors, and
            that the liver tumor rate was slightly over the expected background
            rate in this gender and species of rat. Male Sprague Dawley rats are
            known to be susceptible to liver tumors. There were no significant
            findings in female rats. Earlier preclinical toxicity studies found
            no mutagenic or carcinogenic activity in either rats or mice. Alteon
            has discussed these findings with the Food and Drug Administration
            (FDA) and intends to conduct additional studies to explore the
            mechanism by which the liver tumors developed and will provide that
            information to the agency. The company had previously completed four
            key genotoxicity studies to help determine potential toxicities of
            alagebrium in man, and these studies did not indicate any potential
            carcinogenic risk.

      -                 Alteon announced that the company has submitted to the
            FDA an Investigational New Drug (IND) application for the initiation
            of a Phase 2 clinical trial of alagebrium in erectile dysfunction
            (ED). The 30-day review period for the IND recently was completed,
            and Alteon intends to initiate the trial by early 2005. In October
            2004, a study presented by an independent research group
            demonstrated that alagebrium had the ability to reverse erectile
            dysfunction in a preclinical model of ED associated with diabetes.
            The researchers concluded that alagebrium - through what appears to
            be a unique mechanism of action - offers potential for the treatment
            of diabetic erectile dysfunction. ED is an early indicator of
            vascular disease and, in the opinion of Alteon and its advisors, a
            positive therapeutic effect in human ED studies would not only
            represent a significant potential development in the treatment of ED
            but could also be indicative of alagebrium's potential to reverse
            pathologies in a number of other human vascular diseases. Alteon
            will announce the initiation of the new ED trial when the first
            patient is enrolled.

      -                 Data from the Phase 2b SAPPHIRE/SILVER clinical trial of
            alagebrium in systolic hypertension was published in the supplement
            of the December 15 issue of the American Journal of Hypertension, a
            publication of the American Society of Hypertension (ASH). As
            presented in a Continuing Medical Education (CME) session at the ASH
            meeting last May, the article details the ability of alagebrium to
            significantly reduce systolic blood pressure in patients with a
            baseline 24-hour ambulatory SBP of 140 mm Hg or greater. In a
            difficult-to-treat patient population with a baseline 24-hour
            ambulatory SBP of 150 mm Hg or greater and on two or more background
            medications, patients had an average drop in their 24-hour
            ambulatory SBP of 18 mm Hg vs. placebo (p< 0.01).

The full conference call replay will be accessible at the Investor Relations
section of Alteon's company website, www.alteon.com . In addition, a digital
rebroadcast will be available through December 27,
<PAGE>
2004 at 11:59 P.M. by dialing 1-888-203-1112, pass code 979982 for domestic
callers and +719-457-0820, pass code 979982 for international callers.

ABOUT ALTEON

Alteon is developing several new classes of drugs that have shown the potential
to reverse or slow down diseases of ageing and complications of diabetes. These
compounds appear to have an impact on a fundamental pathological process caused
by the progressive formation of protein-glucose complexes called Advanced
Glycation End-products (A.G.E.s). The formation and crosslinking of A.G.E.s lead
to a loss of flexibility and function in body tissues and organs and have been
shown to be a causative factor in many age-related diseases and diabetic
complications. Alteon has created a library of novel classes of compounds
targeting the A.G.E. pathway.

Alteon's lead compound alagebrium chloride (formerly ALT-711), the only A.G.E.
Crosslink Breaker in advanced human testing, has shown promising results in
several Phase 2 trials and is actively being developed for systolic hypertension
and heart failure. Over 1200 patients have been involved in alagebrium's human
clinical trials to date, of whom approximately 900 have received active
compound. Ongoing clinical trials include the phase 2b systolic hypertension
trial, SPECTRA (Systolic Pressure EffiCacy and Safety TRial of Alagebrium), and
the phase 2a heart failure trial, PEDESTAL (Patients with Impaired Ejection
Fraction and Diastolic Dysfunction: Efficacy and Safety Trial of ALagebrium), as
well as a third trial exploring mechanism of action in endothelial dysfunction.
For more detailed information about alagebrium, please visit the scientific
publications section of the Alteon website, www.alteon.com.

                                      # # #

Any statements contained in this press release that relate to future plans,
events or performance are forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties including, but not limited to, those relating to technology and
product development (including the possibility that early clinical trial results
may not be predictive of results that will be obtained in large-scale testing or
that any clinical trials will not demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy to
obtain requisite approvals or will not result in marketable products),
regulatory approval processes, intellectual property rights and litigation,
competitive products, ability to obtain financing, and other risks identified in
Alteon's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information
contained in this press release is accurate as of the date indicated. Actual
results, events or performance may differ materially. Alteon undertakes no
obligation to update any forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect
events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events.


TRA 1989536v1



