
                                                                  Exhibit 10.1

                                   ADDENDUM V
                                       TO
                       SPRINT PCS MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT AND
                          SPRINT PCS SERVICES AGREEMENT

      Amending these agreements further and restating certain sections and
                       paragraphs in Addenda I through IV

                          Dated as of December 17, 2004


MANAGER:   INDEPENDENT WIRELESS ONE CORPORATION

SERVICE AREA BTAS:     ALBANY-SCHENECTADY, NY #7
                       BINGHAMTON, NY #43
                       BOSTON, MA #51 (ONLY STAFFORD AND ROCKINGHAM COUNTIES)
                       BURLINGTON, VT #63 (EXCLUDING CALEDONIA, ESSEX AND
                         ORLEANS COUNTIES)
                       ELMIRA-CORNING-HORNELL, NY #127
                       GLENS FALLS, NY #164
                       ITHACA, NY #208
                       KEENE, NH #227
                       LEBANON-CLAREMONT, NH #249
                       MANCHESTER-NASHUA-CONCORD, NH #274
                       (EXCLUDING THE METROPOLITAN AREA OF
                       NASHUA, NH) NEW YORK, NY #321 (ONLY
                       ORANGE AND SULLIVAN COUNTIES)
                       ONEONTA, NY #333 PITTSFIELD, MA #351
                       PLATTSBURGH, NY #352
                       POUGHKEEPSIE-KINGSTON, NY #361
                       RUTLAND-BENNINGTON, VT #388 SYRACUSE,
                       NY #438 UTICA-ROME, NY #453 WATERTOWN,
                       NY #463

           This Addendum V (this "ADDENDUM") contains amendments to the Sprint
PCS Management Agreement, the Sprint PCS Services Agreement, the Sprint
Trademark and Service Mark License Agreement and the Sprint Spectrum Trademark
and Service Mark License Agreement, each of which was entered into on February
9, 1999, by Sprint Spectrum L.P., WirelessCo, L.P., Sprint Communications
Company L.P. and Independent Wireless One Corporation. The Management Agreement,
Services Agreement and Trademark License Agreements were amended by:

           (1) Addendum I dated as of February 9, 1999,

           (2) Addendum II dated as of December 17, 1999,

           (3) Addendum III dated as of August 7, 2000, and

           (4) Addendum IV dated as of March 11, 2002.

<PAGE>
           The purposes of this Addendum are to (1) amend the Management
Agreement, the Services Agreement, the Trademark License Agreements and the
Schedule of Definitions and restate those sections and paragraphs in the addenda
executed previously that amend the Management Agreement, the Services Agreement,
the Trademark License Agreements and the Schedule of Definitions (see section A
below), and (2) provide cross-references to those sections and paragraphs in
addenda executed previously that are not restated in this Addendum (see section
B below).

           The terms and provisions of this Addendum control over any
conflicting terms and provisions contained in the Management Agreement, the
Services Agreement, the Trademark License Agreements and the Schedule of
Definitions. The Management Agreement, the Services Agreement, the Trademark
Licenses Agreements, the Schedule of Definitions and all prior addenda continue
in full force and effect, except for express modifications made in this
Addendum. This Addendum does not change the effective date of any prior
amendment made to the Management Agreement, the Services Agreement, the
Trademark License Agreements or the Schedule of Definitions through previously
executed addenda.

           Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Addendum
have the meaning ascribed to them in the Schedule of Definitions or in prior
addenda. Section and Exhibit references are to sections and Exhibits of the
Management Agreement unless otherwise noted.

           The parties are executing this Addendum as of the date noted above,
but the terms of this Addendum become effective as of the date that the
Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release between Sprint Spectrum L.P.,
WirelessCo, L.P., Sprint Communications Company L.P., Independent Wireless One
Corporation, and IWO Holdings, Inc., in the form attached to this Addendum (the
"SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT"), becomes effective (the "EFFECTIVE DATE"). If the
Settlement Agreement is not effective by March 15, 2005, this Addendum will
become null and void, unless Sprint PCS and Manager waive the condition that the
Settlement Agreement be effective.

           On the Effective Date the Management Agreement, the Services
Agreement, the Trademark License Agreements and the Schedule of Definitions are
amended and restated as follows:

A.         NEW AMENDMENTS AND RESTATEMENT OF PREVIOUS AMENDMENTS TO SPRINT PCS
           AGREEMENTS.

                              MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

           1. VENDOR PURCHASE AGREEMENTS - SOFTWARE FEES [NEW]. Section 1.3 is
amended to read as follows:

                      Insert: "1.3.1 DISCOUNTED VOLUME-BASED PRICING." before
           the first paragraph.

                                       2
<PAGE>
                      Insert: "1.3.2 SUBSCRIBER AND INFRASTRUCTURE EQUIPMENT."
           before the second paragraph.

                      Insert: "1.3.3 EXCLUSIVE USE." before the third paragraph.

                     Add a new section 1.3.4 as follows:

           1.3.4 SOFTWARE FEES.

                     (a) Manager acknowledges that Sprint PCS administers the
           testing and implementation of the Software (i.e., pushing of the
           Software) into the Service Area Network.

                     (b) Sprint PCS, when obtaining software for its own use
           that is identical to the Software, will use commercially reasonable
           efforts to obtain a license from vendors (each, a "VENDOR" and
           collectively, "VENDORS") providing for the right of Manager to use
           the Software in connection with telecommunications equipment
           manufactured by a Vendor (collectively the software obtained by
           Sprint PCS for its own use and the Software that operates on
           telecommunications equipment manufactured by a Vendor are for
           purposes of this section 1.3.4, the "VENDOR SOFTWARE"; when the term
           "Vendor Software" is used with respect to Manager, it means only the
           Software, and not the software used only by Sprint PCS).

                     (c) Manager will arrange independently with a Vendor to
           obtain a license if Sprint PCS cannot reasonably obtain a license for
           Manager. Any license that Manager obtains from the Vendor must
           require the Vendor Software to be tested in Sprint PCS test beds by
           Sprint PCS and require Sprint PCS, not a Vendor or Manager, to push
           the Vendor Software to the Service Area Network unless Sprint PCS
           otherwise consents in advance in writing, in each case, at no cost to
           Manager. Sprint PCS agrees to test the Vendor Software in Sprint PCS
           test beds within a reasonable period after Manager reasonably
           requests the tests in writing.

                     (d) Sprint PCS will:

                                          (i) notify Manager in writing at least
                               60 days before the date of an automatic renewal
                               of, or Sprint PCS' unilateral act to renew or
                               extend, an agreement that provides Sprint PCS the
                               right to use the Vendor Software, and

                                          (ii) use reasonable efforts to notify
                               Manager in writing before the date Sprint PCS
                               intends to start negotiations with a Vendor
                               regarding extension, renewal, pricing or other
                               material terms relating to Sprint PCS' and
                               Manager's right to use the Vendor Software
                               (whether for new Software or renewal of an
                               existing license), and at least 60 days before
                               the date Sprint PCS executes an agreement,
                               extension or renewal.


                                       3
<PAGE>
                     The notice by Sprint PCS will include the material terms
           and conditions of any such agreement or negotiations to the extent
           known at the time of the notice, including the network elements to be
           covered by the right to use the Vendor Software. Manager must notify
           Sprint PCS in writing within 30 days after receiving the notice
           described in the first sentence of this section 1.3.4(d) if Manager
           wants Sprint PCS to attempt to obtain or continue the right for
           Manager to use the Vendor Software. Sprint PCS will renew or
           negotiate the agreement as if Manager will not be a user of the
           Vendor Software if Manager does not provide notice to Sprint PCS
           within the 30-day period. However, Sprint PCS may obtain pricing from
           a Vendor for the Vendor Software that includes Manager as a user if
           obtaining the pricing does not obligate Manager to be a user.

                     Sprint PCS will advise Manager from time to time of the
           status of the Software negotiations if Manager requested Sprint PCS
           to obtain or continue the right for Manager to use the Vendor
           Software under Sprint PCS' agreement with a Vendor. Sprint PCS will
           use reasonable efforts to give Manager notice of the final pricing
           for the right to use the Vendor Software no less than 20 days before
           the expected execution or renewal of the agreement; provided that, in
           any event, Sprint PCS will give Manager notice of the final pricing
           no less than 5 Business Days before the expected execution or renewal
           of the agreement. If necessary, Manager agrees to use commercially
           reasonable efforts to enter into a nondisclosure agreement with a
           Vendor to facilitate providing such final pricing to Manager.

                     Manager may give Sprint PCS notice by the time set forth in
           Sprint PCS' notice to Manager (which time will not be less than 10
           Business Days) that Manager does not intend to use the Vendor
           Software through the agreement between Sprint PCS and a Vendor. If
           Manager does not give this final notice to Sprint PCS, Manager is
           deemed to agree to be a user of the Vendor Software through the
           agreement between Sprint PCS and a Vendor and will pay the Allocable
           Software Fee (as defined below). Within 15 Business Days prior to
           execution of an agreement between Sprint PCS and a Vendor, Sprint PCS
           will provide to Manager a forecast of Manager's estimated Allocable
           Software Fee , the estimated payment due dates relating to the
           Allocable Software Fee, and the proportion of Manager's Allocable
           Software Fee forecast to be due on each payment due date, all based
           on the then-current status of negotiations between Sprint PCS and the
           Vendor.

                     Sprint PCS does not have to obtain a license for Vendor
           Software for Manager, even if Manager requests Sprint PCS to obtain
           such license, if at any time before execution of the agreements
           granting the license Sprint PCS reasonably believes that Manager is
           more likely than not to unreasonably refuse to pay the Allocable
           Software Fee or Sprint PCS reasonably believes that the Manager is in
           such financial condition that Manager is more likely than not to be
           unable to pay the Allocable Software Fee.

                     If Manager accepts the Vendor Software, Sprint will (i)
           give Manager Manager's proportional share of any cash benefits
           relating specifically to the Vendor Software that Sprint PCS obtains
           from a Vendor, and (ii) to the extent the other benefits are
           available practically to be divided, Sprint PCS will use commercially
           reasonable efforts to provide Manager with its proportional share of


                                       4
<PAGE>
           the other benefits, including training, relating specifically to the
           Vendor Software.

                     (e) Sprint PCS will pay all Software Fees relating to the
           Vendor Software to a Vendor if Sprint PCS obtains a license from a
           Vendor that provides Manager the right to use the Vendor Software and
           Manager agrees to pay any applicable Allocable Software Fee in
           accordance with this section 1.3.4(e). Manager will be deemed to
           agree to pay any applicable Allocable Software Fee if both:

                                          (i) Manager has not taken the action
                               described in paragraph (d) above to decline
                               obtaining the right to use the Vendor Software
                               through the agreement between Sprint PCS and a
                               Vendor, and

                                          (ii) Sprint PCS obtains a license
                               providing for the right of Manager to use the
                               Vendor Software.

                     Otherwise, Manager will not be charged the Allocable
           Software Fee.

                     Manager will pay Sprint PCS the Allocable Software Fee
           within 30 days after receipt of an invoice in the event that clauses
           (i) and (ii) of section 1.3.4(e) above are satisfied. Sprint PCS will
           invoice Manager only after Sprint PCS pays the underlying Software
           Fee to a Vendor. The Allocable Software Fee will not include any
           amount for Software that is the same as or functionally equivalent to
           any Software (y) that is a component of any service for which a fee
           is charged under the Services Agreement or (z) for which Sprint PCS
           otherwise charges Manager under this agreement.

                     Sprint PCS will calculate the "ALLOCABLE SOFTWARE FEE" as
           follows:

                               For each Vendor, multiply:

                                          (i) the Total Software Cost of the
                               Software Fees attributable to the Vendor Software
                               for which Sprint PCS has obtained for itself,
                               Manager and Other Managers a license or other
                               right to use, by

                                          (ii) the quotient of:

                                                    (A) the number of Customers
                                          and Reseller Customers with an NPA-NXX
                                          assigned to the Service Area that are
                                          assigned to a system using the Vendor
                                          Software, as reported in the most
                                          recent monthly report that Sprint PCS
                                          issues before the date that Sprint PCS
                                          prepares an Allocable Software Fee
                                          invoice, divided by:

                                                    (B) the number of Customers
                                          and Reseller Customers that are
                                          assigned to all systems using the
                                          Vendor Software, as reported in the


                                       5
<PAGE>
                                          most recent monthly report that Sprint
                                          PCS issues before the date that Sprint
                                          PCS prepares an Allocable Software Fee
                                          invoice.

                     (f) Sprint PCS will include with the invoice for the
           Allocable Software Fee a list of the component charges, if available
           from a Vendor. The Software Fees that Sprint PCS pays to a Vendor
           will reflect rates no greater than commercial rates negotiated at
           arms' length. For purposes of clarification, the parties acknowledge
           a Vendor may insist on a comprehensive fee without listing each
           component, but rather asserting that the fee covers all software
           necessary to operate the equipment. But Sprint PCS will provide to
           Manager a description of all the features and functionality in
           reasonable detail for all Software for which Manager is to pay an
           Allocable Software Fee.

                     (g) Manager will not be charged the Allocable Software Fee
           for the Vendor Software after Manager:

                                          (i) notifies Sprint PCS in writing
                               within the periods allowed in section 1.3.4(d)
                               that Manager declines to have Sprint PCS obtain a
                               right for Manager to use the Vendor Software or
                               that it does not intend to use the Vendor
                               Software,

                                          (ii) obtains its own license providing
                               for Manager's right to use the Vendor Software,
                               and

                                          (iii) complies with the requirements
                               of section 1.3.4(h).

                     (h) Manager will obtain its own license providing for
           Manager's right to use the Vendor Software from a Vendor if Manager
           elects not to have Sprint PCS attempt to obtain a right for Manager
           to use the Vendor Software under section 1.3.4(d). Manager will
           notify Sprint PCS in writing and deliver to Sprint PCS within 10
           Business Days after Manager's execution of Manager's separate
           license, a signed document from the vendor confirming that:

                                          (i) a Vendor has provided Manager a
                               separate license for the necessary software and
                               the term of that license, which term with
                               appropriate renewal rights, must be at least as
                               long as the license Sprint PCS has from a Vendor,

                                          (ii) the fees paid by Manager to a
                               Vendor reflect commercial rates negotiated at
                               arms' length,

                                          (iii) the Vendor Software covered by
                               Manager's license provides the usage and
                               functionality necessary for Manager to operate
                               the Service Area Network in compliance with the
                               Sprint PCS Technical Program Requirements, and


                                       6
<PAGE>
                                          (iv) the Vendor Software may be tested
                               in Sprint PCS test beds by Sprint PCS and will be
                               pushed to the Service Area Network by Sprint PCS,
                               not a Vendor or Manager, unless Sprint PCS
                               otherwise consents in advance in writing, in each
                               case, at no cost to Manager. Sprint PCS agrees to
                               test the Vendor Software in Sprint PCS test beds
                               within a reasonable period after Manager
                               reasonably requests in writing.

           2. INTERCONNECTION [NEW]. Section 1.4 is amended and restated in its
entirety to read as follows:

                     If Manager desires to interconnect a portion of the Service
           Area Network with another carrier and Sprint PCS can interconnect
           with that carrier at a lower rate, then to the extent that applicable
           laws, tariffs and agreements permit, Sprint PCS will use commercially
           reasonable efforts to arrange for the interconnection under its
           agreements with the carrier within a commercially reasonable period.
           Sprint PCS will bill the interconnection fees to Manager at actual
           cost.

           3. FORECASTING [NEW]. Section 1.6 is amended and restated in its
entirety to read as follows:

                      1.6 FORECASTING. Manager and Sprint PCS will work
           cooperatively to generate mutually acceptable forecasts of important
           business metrics that they agree upon. The forecasts are for planning
           purposes only and do not constitute either party's obligation to meet
           the quantities forecast.

           4. FINANCING [ADDM II, SS.7; REVISED BY THIS ADDENDUM]. The second
sentence of section 1.7 is deleted, and the following sentence is added at the
end of section 1.7:

           Exhibit 1.7 attached to Addendum V describes the proposed
           post-reorganization capital structure of IWO Holdings, Inc.

           5. INFORMATION [NEW]. A new section 1.9 is added to the Management
Agreement.

                      1.9 ACCESS TO INFORMATION.

                               1.9.1 NETWORK OPERATIONS. Manager and Sprint PCS
           will have access to, and may monitor, record or otherwise receive,
           information processed through equipment, including switches, packet
           data switching nodes and cell site equipment, that relates to the
           provision of Sprint PCS Products and Services or to the provision of
           telecommunications services to Reseller Customers in the Service Area
           Network, if the access, monitoring, recording or receipt of the
           information is accomplished in a manner that:

                                          (i) Does not unreasonably impede
                               Manager or Sprint PCS from accessing, monitoring,
                               recording or receiving the information,


                                       7
<PAGE>
                                          (ii) Does not unreasonably encumber
                               Manager's or Sprint PCS' operations (including,
                               without limitation, Sprint PCS' real-time
                               monitoring of the Sprint PCS Network status,
                               including the Service Area Network),

                                          (iii) Does not unreasonably threaten
                               the security of the Sprint PCS Network,

                                          (iv) Does not violate any law
                               regarding the information,

                                          (v) Complies with technical
                               requirements applicable to the Service Area
                               Network,

                                          (vi) Does not adversely affect any
                               warranty benefiting Manager or Sprint PCS (e.g.,
                               software warranties), and

                                          (vii) Does not result in a material
                               breach of any agreement regarding the information
                               (e.g., national security agreements).

                               Sprint PCS and Manager will immediately notify
           the other party and reasonably cooperate to establish new procedures
           for allowing both Manager and Sprint PCS to access, monitor, record
           and receive the information in a manner that meets the criteria in
           clauses (i) through (vii) above if either Manager or Sprint PCS
           reasonably determines that the other party is accessing, monitoring,
           recording or receiving the information described in this section
           1.9.1 in a manner that does not meet the criteria in clauses (i)
           through (vii) above.

                               Manager owns the information regarding the
           performance of its equipment. Each of Manager and Sprint PCS may use
           the information obtained under this section 1.9.1 for any reasonable
           internal business purpose, during the term of and after termination
           of this agreement, the Services Agreement and the Trademark License
           Agreements, so long as the use would be in accordance with those
           agreements if those agreements were still in effect.

                               1.9.2 CUSTOMER INFORMATION. Manager is entitled
           to receive information Sprint PCS accesses, monitors, compiles,
           records or receives concerning the Service Area Network or the
           Customers with NPA-NXXs assigned to Manager's Service Area, subject
           to the terms of this section 1.9.2 and section 1.9.3 and Manager's
           compliance with CPNI requirements and any other legal requirements
           applicable to the information.

                               Sprint PCS will provide the information in the
           format that Manager requests at no additional charge to Manager if
           Sprint PCS accesses, monitors, compiles, records, receives or reports
           for its own use the information that Manager requests in the same or
           substantially the same format as Manager requests. Sprint PCS will


                                       8
<PAGE>
           use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the information within
           5 Business Days.

                               If Sprint PCS accesses, monitors, compiles,
           records, receives or reports for its own use the information that
           Manager requests, but not in the same or substantially the same
           format that Manager requests, then Sprint PCS may provide the
           information in the format that Manager requests or substantially the
           same format as Manager requests if Manager agrees to pay or reimburse
           Sprint PCS for the costs Sprint PCS reasonably incurs. Sprint PCS
           will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the requested
           information within 15 Business Days.

                               If Sprint PCS accesses, monitors, compiles,
           records or receives the information requested by Manager, but not in
           the same or substantially the same format that Manager requests, then
           Sprint PCS will provide the requested information as raw data, if:

                               (i) Sprint PCS chooses not to provide the
                     information as described in the preceding paragraph, and

                               (ii) Manager agrees to pay or reimburse Sprint
                     PCS for the costs Sprint PCS reasonably incurs.

           Sprint PCS will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the
           raw data within 15 Business Days.

                               Sprint PCS owns the information regarding the
           Customers. Each of Manager and Sprint PCS may use the information
           obtained under this section 1.9.2 during the term of and after
           termination of this agreement, the Services Agreement and the
           Trademark License Agreements so long as the use would be in
           accordance with those agreements if those agreements were still in
           effect.

                     1.9.3 LIMITATIONS AND OBLIGATIONS. Sprint PCS does not have
           to provide any information that Manager reasonably requests under
           this agreement or the Services Agreement that:

                                          (i) Manager can obtain itself in
                               accordance with section 1.9.1 on a commercially
                               reasonable basis (if Sprint PCS has provided
                               Manager with any necessary specifications
                               requested by Manager as to how to obtain the
                               information), unless Sprint PCS already has the
                               information in its possession and has not
                               previously delivered it to Manager,

                                          (ii) Sprint PCS no longer maintains,
                               consistent with Sprint PCS' document retention
                               policy,


                                       9
<PAGE>
                                          (iii) Manager has already received
                               from Sprint PCS or its Related Parties,

                                          (iv) Sprint PCS does not access,
                               monitor, compile, record, receive or report, or

                                          (v) Sprint PCS must make system
                               modifications to provide the raw data, including
                               without limitation modifying or adding data
                               fields or modifying code.

                     Sprint PCS will provide Manager a copy of the then-current
           Sprint PCS document retention policy from time to time.

                     1.9.4 CONTRACTS. Sprint PCS will disclose to Manager the
           relevant terms and conditions of any agreement and amendment between
           Sprint PCS and any third party, including National Third Party Retail
           Agreements and handset vendor agreements, and any agreement and
           amendment between Sprint PCS and its Related Parties:

                                          (i) with which Manager must comply,
                               directly or indirectly, under the Management
                               Agreement, the Services Agreement or any Program
                               Requirement,

                                          (ii) from which Manager is entitled to
                               any benefit, or

                                          (iii) that relate to or generate any
                               pass-through amounts that Sprint PCS charges
                               Manager under this agreement or
                               Settled-Separately Manager Expenses under the
                               Services Agreement.

           In each case Sprint PCS' disclosure will be in sufficient detail to
           enable Manager to determine the obligations or benefits with which
           Manager must comply or benefit or the charges or expenses to be paid
           by Manager. Sprint PCS may provide to Manager copies of the
           agreements or the relevant terms and conditions of such agreements in
           electronic format upon notice to Manager, including by posting the
           copies or relevant terms and conditions to a secure website to which
           Manager has access. Once each calendar year and from time to time
           when a change is effected to any relevant term or condition, Manager
           may request copies of the agreements that are not posted to the
           secure website or whose relevant terms and conditions are not posted
           to the secure website.

           Sprint PCS will provide a copy of the agreement to Manager to the
           extent permissible by the terms of the agreement within 30 days after
           execution of the agreement. Sprint PCS will allow Manager or its
           representatives to review a copy of the agreement to the extent
           permissible by the agreement if the agreement prohibits Sprint PCS
           from providing Manager a copy. Sprint PCS will satisfy the
           requirements of this section 1.9.4 if it chooses to provide a copy of
           the agreement in electronic form on a server that Sprint PCS


                                       10
<PAGE>
           designates. Sprint PCS will use commercially reasonable efforts to
           obtain the right from the third party, if required, to provide a
           complete copy to Manager of any agreement between Sprint PCS and any
           third party of the type described in this section 1.9.4.

           6. MOST FAVORED NATION [NEW]. A new section 1.10 is added to the
Management Agreement:

                     1.10 SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS TO OTHER MANAGERS' MANAGEMENT
           AGREEMENTS AND SERVICES AGREEMENTS. Manager has the right to amend
           the terms in its Management Agreement and Services Agreement as
           described in this section 1.10 if during the period beginning on the
           date of this Addendum and ending December 31, 2006, any of the terms
           of a 3M-pops Manager's Management Agreement or Services Agreement are
           amended in any manner for any reason to be more favorable to the
           3M-pops Manager than the terms of Manager's Management Agreement or
           Services Agreement are to Manager, subject to the following:

                               (a) Manager must elect to accept all, but not
                     less than all, of the terms of the 3M-pops Manager's
                     Management Agreement and Services Agreement agreed to since
                     the Effective Date (collectively, but excluding the changes
                     described in paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the "OVERALL
                     CHANGES"),

                               (b) Manager will not be required to accept any
                     changes involving payment of specific disputed amounts
                     arising under the Management Agreement or Services
                     Agreement of the 3M-pops Manager, and

                               (c) No amendments in Manager's Management
                     Agreement and Services Agreement will be made to reflect
                     changes made in a 3M-pops Manager's Management Agreement
                     and Services Agreement if such changes:

                                          (i) are made solely because the
                               3M-pops Manager owns spectrum on which all or a
                               portion of its network operates, unless the
                               3M-pops Manager acquired this spectrum from
                               Sprint PCS or its Related Parties after the
                               Effective Date, or

                                          (ii) are compelled by a law, rule or
                               regulation that applies to the 3M-pops Manager,
                               but not to Manager,

                                          (iii) relate to unique terms or
                               conditions, or

                                          (iv) are made solely to modify the
                               build-out plan.


                                       11
<PAGE>
                     Sprint PCS will prepare and deliver to Manager either an
           addendum containing the Overall Changes that have been made to the
           3M-pops Manager's agreements in all of its addenda or copies of the
           3M-pops Manager's amended and restated Management Agreement, Services
           Agreement and Trademark License Agreements (in each case redacted to
           protect the identity of the 3M-pops Manager) within 10 Business Days
           after the later of the effective date expressly stated in the
           addendum or other instrument containing these changes and the date of
           the addendum or other instrument. Manager then has 30 days to notify
           Sprint PCS that Manager wants the Overall Changes. If Sprint PCS
           provides Manager with redacted copies of the documents as permitted
           in the first sentence of this paragraph, then upon Manager's request
           made within 10 days after Sprint PCS delivers the documents, Sprint
           PCS will prepare and deliver an addendum containing the Overall
           Changes within 10 days after Manager's request, and Manager then has
           10 days to notify Sprint PCS that Manager wants the Overall Changes.
           For purposes of clarification, if the amendment or other instrument
           between Sprint PCS and the 3M-pops Manager provides or defines a
           specific date that is the effective date of that amendment or other
           instrument then the 10 Business Day period will begin on that
           specific date.

                     If Manager does not notify Sprint PCS in this 30-day time
           period in writing that it wants the Overall Changes, no changes will
           be made in the agreements between Manager and Sprint PCS and Manager
           will be deemed to have waived its rights under this section 1.10 with
           respect to the Overall Changes.

                     If Manager notifies Sprint PCS within the 30-day period in
           writing that it wants the Overall Changes, Sprint PCS will prepare,
           execute and deliver to Manager an addendum reflecting the Overall
           Changes. The new addendum will have the same effective date as the
           addendum or the restated Management Agreement, Services Agreement and
           Trademark License Agreements between Sprint PCS and the 3M-pops
           Manager that gave rise to the new addendum. For purposes of
           clarification, if the addendum or other instrument between Sprint PCS
           and the 3M-pops Manager provides or defines a specific date that is
           the effective date of that addendum or other instrument then the
           effective date of the new addendum will be the same as that specific
           date. Manager will have 15 days to review the new addendum and notify
           Sprint PCS if Manager determines any inaccuracies are reflected in
           the new addendum. Sprint will correct those inaccuracies and provide
           a corrected new addendum to Manager within 10 Business Days after
           Manager's notification.

                     No changes will be made in the agreements between Manager
           and Sprint PCS if Manager does not execute and return the signed
           addendum within 30 days after receipt of the signed addendum (or the
           corrected signed addendum, if applicable, pursuant to the previous
           paragraph), in which case Manager will be deemed to have waived its
           rights under this section 1.10 with respect to the Overall Changes
           contained in the addendum presented.


                                       12
<PAGE>
                     If Manager and Sprint PCS disagree as to whether the terms
           of the signed addendum accurately reflect the Overall Changes, then
           the parties will submit to binding arbitration in accordance with
           section 14.2, excluding the escalation process set forth in section
           14.1. If the arbiter rules in favor of Manager, then Sprint PCS will
           make changes to the signed addendum that are necessary to reflect the
           arbiter's ruling and submit the revised signed addendum to Manager
           within 10 days after receipt of the arbiter's ruling. If the arbiter
           rules in favor of Sprint PCS, then Manager will have 10 Business Days
           to either: (i) execute the signed addendum as proffered to Manager or
           (ii) decline to accept the addendum and pay all of Sprint PCS'
           expenses and reasonable attorneys' fees related to the arbitration.

                     The parties acknowledge that Sprint PCS can disclose to
           Manager who the 3M-pops Manager is that gave rise to the proposed
           addendum only if the 3M-pops Manager agrees to the disclosure.

                     Sprint PCS represents and warrants that the draft of
           Addendum V presented to Manager on November 18, 2004 was the
           then-current version of a pricing simplification addendum entered
           into by Sprint PCS with any other 3M-pops Manager and that there have
           been no subsequent agreements between Sprint PCS and 3M-pops Managers
           relative to their price simplification addenda. In some instances,
           Sprint PCS has given Manager the option to choose between different
           approaches taken by 3M-pops Managers in their price simplification
           addenda.

           7. REVISED BUILD-OUT PLAN. [NEW]. The Amended Exhibit 2.1 Build-out
Plan Description, Build-out Plan Table, and Build-out Plan Map (Revised
Effective March 11, 2002, attached to Addendum IV are deleted and replaced in
their entirety by the Amended Exhibit 2.1 Build-out Plan Phase Description,
Build-out Plan Table, and Build-Out Plan Map attached to this Addendum V (the
"AMENDED EXHIBIT 2.1").

           8. EXCLUSIVITY OF SERVICE AREA [ADDM I, SS.1; REVISED BY THIS
ADDENDUM]. Section 2.3 is amended to read as follows:

                     2.3 EXCLUSIVITY OF SERVICE AREA. Manager will be the only
           person or entity that is a manager or operator for Sprint PCS with
           respect to the Service Area and neither Sprint PCS nor any of its
           Related Parties will directly or indirectly own, operate, build or
           manage another Wireless Mobility Communications Network or sell
           Sprint PCS Products and Services so long as this agreement remains in
           full force and effect and there is no Event of Termination that has
           occurred giving Sprint PCS the right to terminate this agreement,
           except that

                               (a) Sprint PCS may cause Sprint PCS Products and
                     Services to be sold in the Service Area through the Sprint
                     PCS National Accounts Program Requirements and Sprint PCS
                     National or Regional Distribution Program Requirements;


                                       13
<PAGE>
                               (b) A reseller of Sprint PCS Products and
                     Services may sell its products and services in the Service
                     Area so long as such resale is not contrary to the terms
                     and conditions of this agreement; and

                               (c) Sprint PCS and its Related Parties may engage
                     in the activities described in sections 2.4(a) and 2.4(b)
                     with Manager in the geographic areas within the Service
                     Area in which Sprint PCS or any of its Related Parties owns
                     an incumbent local exchange carrier as of the date of this
                     agreement.

           9. COVERAGE ENHANCEMENT [NEW]. Section 2.5 is amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

                     2.5 MANAGER'S RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL FOR NEW COVERAGE
           BUILD-OUT. If Sprint PCS desires New Coverage to be built out, then
           Sprint PCS will grant to Manager the right of first refusal to
           build-out that New Coverage. Sprint PCS will give to Manager a
           written notice of a New Coverage within the Service Area that Sprint
           PCS decides should be built-out. Manager must communicate to Sprint
           PCS within 90 days after receipt of the notice whether it will
           build-out the New Coverage, otherwise Manager's right of first
           refusal terminates with regard to the New Coverage described in the
           notice.

                     Manager may build out additional coverage in the Service
           Area that is not required under the Build-out Plan by giving Sprint
           PCS notice of such election, except that Manager may not build out
           coverage for which its right of first refusal has terminated pursuant
           to this section 2.5.

                     If Manager decides to build-out the New Coverage or
           exercises its right of first refusal, then Manager and Sprint PCS
           will diligently negotiate and execute an amendment to the Build-out
           Plan and proceed as set forth in sections 2.1 and 2.2. The amended
           Build-out Plan will contain critical milestones that provide Manager
           a commercially reasonable period in which to implement coverage in
           the New Coverage. In determining what constitutes a "commercially
           reasonable period" as used in this paragraph, the parties will
           consider several factors, including local zoning processes and other
           legal requirements, weather conditions, equipment delivery schedules,
           the need to arrange additional financing, and other construction
           already in progress by Manager. Manager will construct and operate
           the network in the New Coverage in accordance with the terms of this
           agreement.

                     If Manager declines to exercise its right of first refusal
           or Manager fails to build out the New Coverage in accordance with the
           amended Build-out Plan, then Sprint PCS may construct the New
           Coverage itself or allow a Sprint PCS Related Party, an Other Manager
           or another third party to construct the New Coverage on terms and


                                       14
<PAGE>
           conditions that are no more favorable than those that were offered to
           and rejected by Manager. If (x) neither Sprint PCS, a Sprint PCS
           Related Party, any Other Manager or any other third party (with
           respect to such Other Manager or third party, on terms and conditions
           that are no more favorable than those that were offered to and
           rejected by Manager) commits to build-out the New Coverage within 150
           days after the original communication to Manager with respect
           thereto, or (y) more favorable terms and conditions than those that
           were offered to and rejected by Manager are offered to any Other
           Manager or other third party to build-out the New Coverage, then any
           build-out of the New Coverage will again be subject to Manager's
           right of first refusal (and, if applicable, on such more favorable
           terms and conditions).

                     Sprint PCS has the right, in a New Coverage that it
           constructs or that is constructed by a Sprint PCS Related Party, an
           Other Manager or another third party, to manage the network, allow a
           Sprint PCS Related Party to manage the network, or hire an Other
           Manager or other third party to operate the network in the New
           Coverage. Any New Coverage that Sprint PCS, a Sprint PCS Related
           Party, an Other Manager or another third party builds out is deemed
           removed from the Service Area and the Service Area Exhibit is deemed
           amended to reflect the change in the Service Area.

                     If Manager does not exercise its right of first refusal
           with respect to a New Coverage, Manager's right of first refusal does
           not terminate with respect to the remainder of the Service Area.

                     At Manager's request, Sprint PCS and Manager will discuss
           Manager's interest in expanding its Service Area and its build-out
           plans with respect to the expanded area.

           10. SPRINT PCS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES [NEW]. (a) The following
paragraph is added at the end of section 3.1 of the Management Agreement:

                               To facilitate Manager's performance of its
                     obligations under this agreement, Sprint PCS will use
                     commercially reasonable efforts to provide adequate
                     quantities of any equipment necessary for Manager to offer
                     for sale, promote and support the Sprint PCS Products and
                     Services.

                     (b) Section 3.2 (Other Products and Services) is amended
and restated in its entirety as follows:

                                 3.2 OTHER PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. (a) Manager
                      may offer wireless products and services that are not
                      Sprint PCS Products and Services on terms Manager
                      determines if such additional products and services:


                                       15
<PAGE>
                                          (i)       do not violate the
                                                    obligations of Manager under
                                                    this agreement;

                                          (ii)      do not cause distribution
                                                    channel conflict with or
                                                    consumer confusion regarding
                                                    Sprint PCS' regional and
                                                    national offerings of Sprint
                                                    PCS Products and Services;

                                          (iii)     comply with the Trademark
                                                    License Agreements; and

                                          (iv)      do not materially impede the
                                                    development of the Sprint
                                                    PCS Network.

                               Manager will not offer any products or services
           under this section 3.2 that: (i) are confusingly similar to Sprint
           PCS Products and Services or (ii) Sprint PCS plans to introduce as
           Sprint PCS Products and Services within 6 months following the date
           of Manager's notice described in section 3.2(b) below and that are
           confusingly similar to Sprint PCS Products and Services.

                               (b) Manager must provide Sprint PCS notice that
           it intends to offer a product or service and request that Sprint PCS
           determine whether Sprint PCS considers the new product or service to
           be confusingly similar to any Sprint PCS Products and Services and
           whether Sprint PCS plans to introduce the same or a confusingly
           similar product or service within 6 months after the date of
           Manager's notice.

                               (c) If Sprint PCS fails to respond to Manager
           within 30 days after receiving Manager's notice, then the new product
           or service is deemed to create confusion with the Sprint PCS Products
           and Services or Sprint PCS intends to introduce the same or a
           confusingly similar product or service within 6 months after the date
           of Manager's notice; and therefore, Manager's request is denied. If
           Sprint PCS rejects Manager's request, Sprint PCS must provide the
           reasons for the rejection. If the rejection is based on Sprint PCS'
           failure to respond within 30 days and Manager requests an explanation
           for the deemed rejection, then Sprint PCS must provide within 30 days
           the reasons for the rejection. If Manager disagrees with Sprint PCS'
           reasons for the rejection, the parties will resolve the matter
           through the dispute resolution process in section 14.

                               (d) If Sprint PCS responds that such product or
           service is not confusingly similar to any Sprint PCS Product or
           Service and that it does not intend to introduce the same or a
           confusingly similar product or service within 6 months after the date
           of Manager's notice, then Manager may introduce its new product or
           service, and Manager will have no obligation to refrain from selling
           such product or service if Sprint PCS begins to sell the same or a


                                       16
<PAGE>
           confusingly similar product or service. In addition, if Sprint PCS
           notifies Manager that it plans to introduce the same or a confusingly
           similar product or service within 6 months after the date of
           Manager's notice and fails to introduce such same or confusingly
           similar product or service within such 6-month period, then Manager
           may introduce such product or service, and Manager will have no
           obligation to refrain from selling such product or service if Sprint
           PCS begins to sell the same or a confusingly similar product or
           service.

           11. LONG-DISTANCE PRICING [NEW]. Section 13 of Addendum II is
deleted. Additionally, section 3.4 of the Management Agreement is amended and
restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                     3.4       IXC SERVICES.

                     3.4.1. CUSTOMER LONG DISTANCE. Sprint PCS and Manager will
           from time to time mutually define local calling areas in the Service
           Areas of Manager that Sprint PCS and Manager will use to determine
           when a customer will be billed for a "long distance call" under the
           applicable rate plan of the Customer. The parties acknowledge that
           these local calling areas (i) may change in geographic scope in
           response to competitive pressures or perceived market opportunities,
           and (ii) may not be able to be changed because of regulatory,
           industry, or system limitations. The parties will not use local
           calling areas to determine "long distance telephony services" under
           section 3.4.2. If the parties cannot agree on the extent of the local
           calling area they will resolve the matter through the dispute
           resolution process in section 14.

                     3.4.2. LONG DISTANCE SERVICES

                     (a) Required purchase. Manager must obtain (i)
           long-distance telephony services through Sprint PCS or its Related
           Parties to provide long-distance service to users of the Sprint PCS
           Network and (ii) telephony services through Sprint PCS or its Related
           Parties to connect the Service Area Network with the national
           platforms that Sprint PCS uses to provide services to Manager under
           this agreement or the Services Agreement. The term "long distance
           telephony service" means any inter-LATA call for purposes of this
           section 3.4.2 as it relates to long-distance telephony services
           provided to users of the Sprint PCS Network.

                     (b) Pricing and procedure. Sprint PCS will purchase for
           Sprint PCS, Manager and Other Managers long-distance telephony
           services used in the Sprint PCS Network from Sprint Communications
           Company L.P. or its Related Parties ("SCCLP"). Sprint PCS will
           purchase these long-distance telephony services at a price and terms
           at least as favorable to Sprint PCS, Manager and the Other Managers
           (considering Sprint PCS, Manager and the Other Managers as a single
           purchaser) as the best prices and terms SCCLP offers to any wholesale


                                       17
<PAGE>
           customer of SCCLP in similar situations when taking into account all
           relevant factors (e.g., volume, peak/off-peak usage, length of
           commitment). Sprint PCS will pay the invoice from SCCLP, except for
           items that SCCLP directly bills under section 3.4.2(c). Sprint PCS
           will bill to Manager as an activity settled separately under the
           Services Agreement the portion of the fees billed to Sprint PCS that
           relate to Manager's operations and the activity of all Customers and
           Reseller Customers in the Service Area, except for items SCCLP
           directly bills under section 3.4.2(c).

                     Because Sprint Corporation no longer has its "PCS" tracking
           stock, Sprint PCS will include the volume of long-distance telephony
           services of Manager and Other Managers with the volume of Sprint PCS
           when negotiating the Sprint PCS rate with the long distance division
           of Sprint Corporation (currently SCCLP). The long distance division
           will continue to provide long-distance telephony services to Sprint
           PCS for a price and upon terms based on the same relevant factors
           described in the preceding paragraph and in the same manner that it
           has under the present tracking stock policy.

                     (c) Call routing. Manager, acting as a single purchaser,
           may purchase private line capacity (or other forms of capacity) from
           SCCLP for inter-LATA calls to the extent that this capacity can be
           obtained on terms more favorable to Manager (acting as a single
           purchaser). SCCLP will sell that capacity to Manager at the best
           price that SCCLP offers to third parties in similar situations when
           taking into account all relevant factors. SCCLP will directly bill
           Manager for any purchase of capacity under this section 3.4.2(c). The
           terms of section 1.3 do not apply to purchases of capacity in this
           section 3.4.2(c).

                     (d) Pre-existing agreement. If before the date Addendum V
           to this agreement is signed, Manager is bound by an agreement for
           long distance services or an agreement for private line service and
           the agreement was not made in anticipation of this agreement or
           Addendum V, then the requirements of this section 3.4.2 do not apply
           during the term of the other agreement. If the other agreement
           terminates for any reason, then the requirements of this section
           3.4.2 do apply from and after the termination.

                     (e) Resale. Manager may not resell the long-distance
           telephony services acquired under this section 3.4.2. For purposes of
           clarification, resale under this section 3.4.2(e) includes Manager
           selling minutes to carriers for ultimate resale to end users under a
           brand other than "Sprint" or selling minutes to end users under a
           brand other than "Sprint". Manager may engage in the following
           activities (i.e., these activities are not treated as resale of
           long-distance telephony services):

                          (1) the transport of long-distance calls for Customers
               under section 3.4.2(a),

                          (2) the transport of long-distance calls for resellers
               under section 3.5, and


                                       18
<PAGE>
                          (3) the transport of long-distance calls for roaming
               under section 4.3.

                     (f) Sprint Rural Alliance Program. The rights and
           obligations of Manager, if any, for the provision of long distance
           telephony services for Sprint Rural Alliance program participants
           will be set forth in a separate agreement.

           12. VOLUNTARY RESALE OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES [NEW]. Schedule 1
attached to this Addendum replaces and supersedes the heading, preamble, general
terms and all attachments to the Program Requirement 3.5.2 dated August 13,
2002, which is labeled "Exhibit 3.5.2 Program Requirement for Voluntary Resale
of Products and Services By Voluntary Resellers Under the Private Label
Solutions Program". Program Requirement 3.5.2 - VMU which is labeled "Exhibit
3.5.2 - VMU Program Requirements for Voluntary Resale of Products and Services
by Virgin Mobile USA, LLC (version 7/07/02)" is superseded by "Program
Requirement 3.5.2 - Program Requirements for Resale of Products and Services By
Virgin Mobile USA, LLC (Date Published 9/30/04)".

           Section 3.5.2 to the Management Agreement is amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

                     3.5.2 RESALE OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. Sprint PCS may
           choose to offer a resale product under which resellers will resell
           Sprint PCS Products and Services under brand names other than the
           Brands (such arrangement, a "RESALE ARRANGEMENT"), except Sprint PCS
           may permit the resellers to use the Brands for limited purposes
           related to the resale of Sprint PCS Products and Services (e.g., to
           notify people that the handsets of the resellers will operate on the
           Sprint PCS Network). The resellers may also provide their own support
           services (e.g., customer care and billing) or may purchase the
           support services from Sprint PCS. Other terms of the resale program
           are governed by Program Requirement 3.5.2.

                     (a) Existing Resale Arrangements. Manager will participate
           in all Resale Arrangements that were entered into by Sprint PCS prior
           to April 1, 2004, including Previously Declined Resale Arrangements
           (as defined below) (collectively, the "EXISTING RESALE
           ARRANGEMENTS"), and the Existing Resale Arrangements will be governed
           by Program Requirement 3.5.2 as amended by this Addendum V.
           Compensation for Manager's participation in the Existing Resale
           Arrangements will be paid to Manager in accordance with section
           10.4.1.1(a)(i) of this agreement, unless compensation was otherwise
           negotiated between Manager and Sprint PCS (e.g., Virgin Mobile USA).
           "PREVIOUSLY DECLINED RESALE ARRANGEMENTS" means Resale Arrangements
           between Sprint PCS and the following resellers: Vartec Telecom, Inc.
           (Excel), ZefCom, L.L.C. (Telespire), Working Assets Funding Service,
           Inc.(Working Assets), Wherify Wireless, Inc. (Wherify Wireless),
           QUALCOMM Incorporated (Qualcomm/ GlobalTracs), Star Number, Inc.
           (Liberty Wireless), Telco Group, Inc. (STI Mobile), TRANZACT (Sears
           Connect), Hal Inc. (U-Mobile PCS), Wireless Retail Inc. (Airlink


                                       19
<PAGE>
           Mobile), Phonetec, L.P. (PhoneTec), Qwest Wireless, LLC (Qwest), and
           TracFone Wireless, Inc. (TracFone).

                     (b) Required Resale Arrangements. Subject to the
           limitations set forth in clause (c) below and in section 10.4.1.1(b)
           of this agreement, Manager will participate in (i) all new Resale
           Arrangements entered into by Sprint PCS during the Required Resale
           Participation Period (collectively, the "NEW RESALE ARRANGEMENTS")
           and (ii) all Existing Resale Arrangements and New Resale Arrangements
           that are renewed or extended during the Required Resale Participation
           Period (collectively, the "RENEWED RESALE ARRANGEMENTS", and together
           with the New Resale Arrangements, the "REQUIRED RESALE
           ARRANGEMENTS"), in all cases with compensation being paid to Manager
           as set forth in section 10.4.1.1(a)(iii) or (iv), whichever is
           applicable. Sprint PCS agrees that the compensation, payment and
           other terms and conditions under each Resale Arrangement entered
           into, renewed or extended during the Required Resale Participation
           Period will be the same as the compensation, payment and other terms
           and conditions applicable to Sprint PCS and each Other Manager with
           respect to such reseller. Manager will have access to the relevant
           terms of any Resale Arrangement as provided in section 1.9.4 of this
           agreement. For purposes of determining renewals and extensions of
           Resale Arrangements under this Agreement, including without
           limitation for purposes of section 10.4.1.1(c)(iii), if a Resale
           Arrangement does not expressly state an initial term, then the
           arrangement shall be deemed to have a five-year initial term, and if
           a Resale Arrangement states an initial term in excess of ten years,
           then the arrangement shall be deemed to have a ten-year initial term,
           in each case, after which term such arrangement will be deemed to be
           up for renewal or extension.

                     (c) Limitations. Manager may decline to participate in any
           Required Resale Arrangement (including any renewal periods or
           extensions of Existing Resale Arrangements or New Resale
           Arrangements) unless the material terms and conditions of the Resale
           Arrangement, including the per minute Reseller Customer Fees and the
           per kilobyte Reseller Customer Fees to be paid to Manager, at all
           times are at least as favorable to Manager as the material terms and
           conditions of the MVNO Support Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2004
           (the "AT&T ARRANGEMENT"), by and between Sprint Spectrum L.P. and
           AT&T Corp., as in effect from time to time and giving effect to any
           changes to such terms and conditions that occur by virtue of the
           existing terms and conditions of the AT&T Arrangement, but not giving
           effect to any amendments to, or modifications of, the AT&T
           Arrangement or changes to the AT&T Arrangement that result from the
           exercise of the MFN provisions in the AT&T Arrangement. Except as set
           forth in section 10.4.1.1(c) below, Manager will have no obligation
           to participate in any Required Resale Arrangement after the Required
           Resale Participation Period.

                     The Resale Arrangement between Sprint PCS and Virgin Mobile
           USA will be treated as a New Resale Arrangement and subject to the
           compensation set forth in section 10.4.1.1(a)(iii) or (iv), whichever
           is applicable, if continued after the expiration of the initial term
           of the arrangement.

                                       20
<PAGE>
                     Additionally, Manager may decline to continue to
           participate in any Resale Arrangement after the initial term of that
           arrangement if such arrangement is renewed or extended prior to its
           contractual renewal date and before December 31, 2006.

                     Except as required under the regulations and rules
           concerning mandatory resale, Manager may not sell Sprint PCS Products
           and Services for resale unless Sprint PCS consents to such sales in
           advance in writing.

           13. NON-COMPETITION [ADDM I, SS.5]. Section 3.6 is amended to read as
follows:

                     3.6 NON-COMPETITION. Neither Manager nor any of its Related
           Parties may offer Sprint PCS Products and Services outside of the
           Service Area without the prior written approval of Sprint PCS.

                     Within the Service Area, Manager may offer, market or
           promote telecommunications products or services only under the
           following brands:

                      (a)        products or services with the Brands;

                      (b)        other products and services approved under
                                 Section 3.2;

                      (c)        products or services with Manager's brand; or

                      (d)        products or services with the brands of
                                 Manager's Related Parties,

           except no brand of a significant competitor of Sprint PCS or its
           Related Parties in the telecommunications business may be used by
           Manager on these products and services. If a Related Party of Manager
           offers a product or service of a significant competitor of Sprint PCS
           or its Related Parties in the telecommunications business, then
           Manager will not allow such Related Party of Manager to offer any
           Sprint Products or Services.

                     If Manager or any of its Related Parties has licenses to
           provide broadband personal communication services outside the Service
           Area, neither Manager nor such Related Party may utilize the spectrum
           to offer Sprint PCS Products and Services without prior written
           consent from Sprint PCS. Additionally, when Manager's customers from
           inside the Service Area travel or roam to other geographic areas,
           Manager will route the customers' calls, both incoming and outgoing,
           according to the Sprint PCS Network Roaming and Inter Service Area
           Program Requirements, without regard to any wireless networks
           operated by Manager or its Related Parties. For example, Manager will
           program the preferred roaming list for handsets sold in the Service
           Area to match the Sprint PCS preferred roaming list.

           14. INTRA-LATA CALLS AND BACKHAUL SERVICES [NEW]. Section 12 of
Addendum II is deleted. Additionally, section 3.7 is amended and restated in its
entirety to read as follows:

                                       21
<PAGE>
                     3.7 INTRA-LATA CALLS AND BACKHAUL SERVICES. Manager, acting
           as a single purchaser, may purchase capacity (including private line
           capacity) from SCCLP for intra-LATA calls and backhaul services.
           SCCLP will sell that capacity to Manager at the best price that SCCLP
           offers to third parties in similar situations when taking into
           account all relevant factors.

                     Manager will offer to Sprint PCS or one of its Related
           Parties the right to make to Manager the last offer to provide
           capacity for intra-LATA calls and backhaul services for the Service
           Area Network if:

                                          (i) Manager decides to use third
                               parties for intra-LATA calls and backhaul
                               services rather than self-provisioning the
                               capacity or purchasing the capacity from Related
                               Parties of Manager, and

                                          (ii) Sprint PCS or one of its Related
                               Parties has provided evidence to Manager that
                               SCCLP or one of its Related Parties has
                               facilities to provide the capacity requested.

           Manager will deliver to Sprint PCS the terms under which the third
           party will provide the capacity. Sprint PCS or one of its Related
           Parties will have a reasonable time to respond to Manager's request
           for last offer to provide pricing for capacity for intra-LATA calls
           and backhaul, which will be no greater than 5 Business Days after
           receipt of the request for the pricing and the third party's terms
           from Manager. Manager will acquire capacity for intra-LATA calls and
           backhaul services from Sprint PCS or one of its Related Parties if
           Sprint PCS or one of its Related Parties offers Manager pricing and
           other terms for intra-LATA calls and backhaul services for the
           Service Area Network that matches the terms, including pricing, or is
           better than the terms and lower than the pricing offered by the third
           party. For purposes of this section 3.7, the term "backhaul" means
           the provision of services from a cell site of Manager to the
           corresponding switch associated with the cell site.

                     If Manager has an agreement for these services that is in
           effect as of the date Addendum V is signed and the agreement was not
           made in anticipation of this agreement or Addendum V, then the
           requirements of this section 3.7 do not apply during the term of the
           other agreement. If the other agreement terminates for any reason,
           then the requirements of this section 3.7 do apply from and after the
           termination.

           15. SPRINT PCS ROAMING AND INTER SERVICE AREA PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS
[NEW]. The second paragraph of section 4.3 is amended to read as follows:

                     Section 10.4.1 sets forth the settlement process that
           distributes between the members making up the Sprint PCS Network
           (i.e., Sprint PCS, Manager and all Other Managers) a fee for use of


                                       22
<PAGE>
           the Sprint PCS Network and the Service Area Network (the "INTER
           SERVICE AREA FEE").

           16. MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS GUIDELINES [ADDM III, SS.1]. The first
bulleted standard set forth in Section II.B. of Exhibit 5.2 to the Management
Agreement is replaced with the following language:

                     All uses of the Sprint marks must be in an manner generally
           consistent with overall Sprint brand positioning, as determined by
           Sprint from time to time. Sprint will review all
           advertising/communication strategy and make judgments on its
           consistency with the overall Sprint brand positioning within ten (10)
           days of receipt. If the strategy is judged to be inconsistent, it
           will not be used or will be changed to be consistent with Sprint
           brand positioning. Pre-production advertising/communications will be
           reviewed by Sprint for consistency with Sprint brand positioning and
           personality within ten (10) days of receipt. If the
           advertising/communications are judged to be inconsistent, it will not
           be used or will be changed to be consistent with the Sprint brand
           positioning and personality.

           17. USE OF BRANDS [ADDM I, SS.6; REVISED BY THIS ADDENDUM]. Section
5.1(c) is amended to read as follows:

                     (c) Neither Manager nor any of its Related Parties may
           market, promote, advertise, distribute, lease or sell (i) any of the
           Sprint PCS Products and Services on a non-branded, "private label"
           basis or under any brand, trademark, trade name or trade dress other
           than the Brands, except (A) for sales to resellers required under
           this agreement, or (B) as permitted under the Trademark License
           Agreements; or (ii) any of Manager's Products and Services using the
           Brands other than as permitted under the Trademark License
           Agreements.

           18. CUSTOMER SERVICE PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS [NEW]. Section 2 of
Addendum III is deleted. For clarification purposes, the Customer Service
Program Requirements are effective as of the Effective Date of this Addendum V,
and will not be applied retroactively to existing programs or operations.

           19. CHANGES TO PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS [NEW].

           (a) The first sentence of section 9.2(e) is amended to read as
follows:

                     Manager must implement any changes in the Program
           Requirements within a commercially reasonable period of time unless
           Sprint PCS otherwise consents, subject to section 9.3.

           (b) Section 9.3 is amended and restated in its entirety to read as
follows:

                      9.3 MANAGER'S RIGHTS REGARDING CHANGES TO PROGRAM
           REQUIREMENTS.


                                       23
<PAGE>
                     9.3.1 PARAMETERS FOR REQUIRED PROGRAM REQUIREMENT
           IMPLEMENTATION. (a) Manager may, without being in default of this
           Agreement, decline to implement a Non-Capital Program Requirement
           Change if Manager determines that the Non-Capital Program Requirement
           Change will satisfy any of the following tests:

                                          (A) individually cause the combined
                               peak negative cash flow of Manager to be an
                               amount greater than 3% of Manager's Ultimate
                               Parent's Enterprise Value, or

                                          (B) when combined with original
                               assessments made under clause (A) above of all
                               other Program Requirement Changes that Sprint PCS
                               announced and Manager agreed to implement or
                               Manager otherwise was required to implement in
                               accordance with section 9.3.4, both within the
                               preceding 12 calendar months, cause the combined
                               cumulative peak negative cash flow of Manager to
                               be an amount greater than 5% of Manager's
                               Ultimate Parent's Enterprise Value, or

                                          (C) individually cause a decrease in
                               the forecasted 5-year discounted cash flow of
                               Manager's Ultimate Parent (at Manager's Ultimate
                               Parent's appropriate discount rate) of more than
                               3% on a combined net present value basis, or

                                          (D) when combined with original
                               assessments made under clause (C) above of all
                               other Program Requirement Changes that Sprint PCS
                               announced and Manager agreed to implement or
                               Manager otherwise was required to implement in
                               accordance with section 9.3.4, both within the
                               preceding 12 calendar months, cause a decrease in
                               the forecasted 5-year discounted cash flow of
                               Manager's Ultimate Parent (at Manager's Ultimate
                               Parent's appropriate discount rate) of more than
                               5% on a combined net present value basis.

                     The term "NON-CAPITAL PROGRAM REQUIREMENT CHANGE" means a
           Program Requirement Change that does not require Manager to make any
           capital expenditures in excess of 5% of Manager's capital budget as
           approved by the Manager's board of directors for the fiscal year in
           which the Program Requirement Change is requested, but does not
           include changes to the Trademark Usage Guidelines, the Marketing
           Communications Guidelines, and the Sprint PCS National or Regional
           Distribution Program Requirements.

                     If Manager declines to implement any Non-Capital Program
           Requirement Change, Manager must give Sprint PCS within 10 Business
           Days after Sprint PCS provides Manager with notice of the Program
           Requirement Change:

                                       24
<PAGE>
                                          (i) written notice that Manager
                               declines to implement the Non-Capital Program
                               Requirement Change, and

                                          (ii) a written assessment of the
                               impact of the Non-Capital Program Requirement
                               Change on Manager using the parameters set forth
                               in subparagraphs (A) through (D) above.

                     (b) Manager may, without being in default of this
           agreement, decline to implement any Capital Program Requirement
           Change if Manager determines that the Capital Program Requirement
           Change will satisfy any of the following tests:

                                          (A) have a negative net present value
                               applying a 5-year discounted cash flow model, or

                                          (B) individually cause the combined
                               peak negative cash flow of Manager to be an
                               amount greater than 3% of Manager's Ultimate
                               Parent's Enterprise Value, or

                                          (C) when combined with original
                               assessments made under clause (B) above of all
                               other Program Requirement Changes that Sprint PCS
                               announced and Manager agreed to implement or
                               Manager otherwise was required to implement in
                               accordance with sections 9.3.1(c), 9.3.3 and
                               9.3.4, both within the preceding 12 calendar
                               months, cause the combined cumulative peak
                               negative cash flow of Manager to be an amount
                               greater than 5% of Manager's Ultimate Parent's
                               Enterprise Value.

                     The term "CAPITAL PROGRAM REQUIREMENT CHANGE" means any
           Program Requirement Change that requires an expenditure of capital by
           Manager that is greater than 5% of Manager's capital budget as
           approved by the Manager's board of directors for the fiscal year in
           which the Program Requirement Change is requested, but does not
           include changes to the Trademark Usage Guidelines, the Marketing
           Communications Guidelines, and the Sprint PCS National or Regional
           Distribution Program Requirements.

                     If Manager declines to implement any Capital Program
           Requirement Change, Manager must give Sprint PCS within 10 Business
           Days after Sprint PCS provides Manager with notice of the Program
           Requirement Change:

                                          (i) written notice that Manager
                               declines to implement the Capital Program
                               Requirement Change, and

                                          (ii) a written assessment of the
                               impact of the Capital Program Requirement Change
                               on Manager using the parameter set forth above.


                                       25
<PAGE>
                Manager must implement a Capital Program Requirement Change if:

                                          (i) the capital requirement associated
                               with such Program Requirement Change is for a
                               network capacity expansion due to a change in a
                               service plan, provided that implementing the
                               Program Requirement Change will not exceed any of
                               the parameters described in section 9.3.1(a), or

                                          (ii) the capital requirement
                               associated with such Program Requirement Change
                               is necessary to comply with network performance
                               standards required under this agreement.

                     If Manager has the right to decline a Program Requirement
           Change, Sprint PCS may modify the scope of the Program Requirement
           Change in all or certain of Manager's markets to create a positive
           net present value for the entire Program Requirement Change, and
           Manager will implement the modified Program Requirement Change.
           Section 9.3.2 governs any disagreement between the parties regarding
           the determination of the net present value of a Program Requirement
           Change.

                     Upon giving Manager notice of a Program Requirement Change,
           Sprint PCS will provide Manager with Sprint PCS's business analysis
           setting forth the reasons for such change, key assumptions used by
           Sprint PCS, and any other information reasonably requested by
           Manager.

                     9.3.2. DISAGREEMENT WITH ASSUMPTIONS OR METHODOLOGY. Sprint
           PCS must notify Manager of any disagreement with Manager's
           assumptions or methodology within 10 days after its receipt of
           Manager's assessment under section 9.3.1. Manager will not be
           required to implement the Program Requirement Change if Sprint PCS
           fails to notify Manager of any disagreement within this 10-day period
           unless Sprint PCS requires such compliance under section 9.3.3 below.
           Either party may escalate the review of the assumptions and
           methodology underlying the assessment to the parties' respective
           Chief Financial Officers if Sprint PCS disagrees with Manager's
           assessment and the parties are unable to agree on the assumptions and
           methodology within 20 days after Sprint PCS notifies Manager of the
           disagreement.

                     The parties will mutually select an independent investment
           banker in the wireless telecommunications industry ("INVESTMENT
           BANKER") to determine whether the implementation of the Program
           Requirement Change will exceed one of the parameters if Sprint PCS
           and Manager are unable to agree on the assumptions and methodology to
           perform the calculations within 30 days after Sprint PCS notifies
           Manager of the disagreement. The American Arbitration Association
           will select the Investment Banker if the parties do not select the
           Investment Banker within 50 days after Sprint PCS notifies Manager of
           the disagreement. Sprint PCS and Manager will cooperate fully and
           provide all information that the Investment Banker reasonably


                                       26
<PAGE>
           requests. But any Investment Banker that the American Arbitration
           Association selects, and its investment bank, must have no current
           engagement with either Manager or Sprint PCS and must not have been
           engaged by either such party within the 12 calendar months preceding
           the engagement under this section. A business relationship between
           Manager or Sprint PCS and a commercial bank or other organization
           affiliated with an investment bank will not disqualify the investment
           bank. The Investment Banker will have 20 days from the date of
           engagement to make its decision.

                     Manager will pay any Investment Banker's fees and implement
           the Program Requirement Change if the parties agree or the Investment
           Banker determines that implementing the Program Requirement Change
           will not exceed any of the parameters described in section 9.3.1.

                     9.3.3 ONE OR MORE PARAMETERS EXCEEDED. Sprint PCS will pay
           the Investment Banker's fees if the parties agree or the Investment
           Banker determines that implementing the Program Requirement Change
           will exceed at least one of the parameters described in section
           9.3.1. Sprint PCS may require Manager to implement the Program
           Requirement Change whether the parties agree or disagree or the
           Investment Banker determines that implementing the Program
           Requirement Change will exceed at least one of the parameters
           described in section 9.3.1, if Sprint PCS agrees to compensate
           Manager the amount necessary to prevent Manager from exceeding the
           parameters set forth in section 9.3.1.

                     9.3.4 CHANGES WITH RESPECT TO PRICING PLANS AND ROAMING
           PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS. Manager will implement a change with respect to
           the following in the manner requested by Sprint PCS, even if Manager
           determines that implementing the change will have an adverse impact
           on Manager that meets or exceeds the tests set forth in section
           9.3.1(a) or section 9.3.1(b):

                                          (i) relates to a pricing plan under
                               section 4.4 or a roaming program, and

                                          (ii) Sprint PCS reasonably determines
                               must be implemented on an immediate or expedited
                               basis to respond to specific, identifiable
                               developments in the competitive market forces.

                     Manager's implementation of the change will not adversely
           affect Manager's right to object to the implementation of the change.
           Manager will continue to comply with the change if the parties agree
           or the Investment Banker determines (using the procedure described in
           section 9.3.2) that implementing the change will not exceed any of
           the parameters described in section 9.3.1(a) or section 9.3.1(b). If
           Sprint PCS does not successfully challenge Manager's assessment of
           the adverse impact of the change on Manager in accordance with
           section 9.3.2, Sprint PCS can require Manager either to:


                                       27
<PAGE>
                                          (i) continue to comply with the change
                               and compensate Manager in the amount necessary to
                               reimburse Manager for any reasonable costs,
                               expenses or losses that Manager incurs as a
                               result of its implementation of the change net of
                               any benefit that Manager receives, to the extent
                               the costs, expenses and losses net of the
                               benefits exceed the parameters set forth in
                               section 9.3.1(a) or section 9.3.1(b), or

                                          (ii) terminate its continued
                               compliance with the change and compensate Manager
                               in the amount necessary to reimburse Manager for
                               any reasonable costs, expenses or losses that
                               Manager incurs as a result of its implementation
                               of the change net of any benefit that Manager
                               receives.

                     Manager cannot terminate its continued compliance if Sprint
           PCS elects to require Manager's continued compliance with the change
           under section 9.3.3 above.

           (c) A new section 9.7 is added to the Management Agreement:

                     9.7  REVIEW OF PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS; UNILATERAL CHANGES.

                                 Sprint PCS intends that any change to a Program
                      Requirement will be in the best interests of Sprint PCS
                      and Manager.

                                 Sprint PCS and Manager will act in good faith
                      to mitigate (to the extent commercially reasonable) the
                      adverse economic impact on Manager of the exercise of any
                      right of Sprint PCS to effect any change under or pursuant
                      to this agreement, the Services Agreement and either
                      Trademark License Agreement to the extent Manager believes
                      such change will have a significant adverse economic
                      impact on Manager's operations, except with respect to
                      changes involving Sprint PCS National or Regional
                      Distribution Program Requirements. For purposes of
                      clarification, the parties intend the preceding sentence
                      to obligate them to a robust discussion and open dialogue
                      but understand the discussion and dialogue may not lead to
                      any particular solution of the issues raised by Manager or
                      Sprint PCS. By way of illustration, under the second
                      preceding sentence, if Manager believed that the exercise
                      of the unilateral right to change the Trademark Usage
                      Guidelines or the designation of Sprint PCS Products and
                      Services had an adverse economic impact on Manager, then
                      Manager and Sprint PCS will in good faith attempt to
                      mutually agree on how to mitigate the adverse impact on
                      Manager.

           (d) A new section 9.8 is added to the Management Agreement.

                     9.8  BREACH FOR FAILURE TO IMPLEMENT PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS.


                                       28
<PAGE>
                     Manager will be in material breach of a material term and
           Sprint PCS may exercise its rights under section 11 if Manager
           willfully refuses to implement a Program Requirement when required to
           do so under this agreement.

           20. FEES [NEW]. (a) Article 10 of the Management Agreement is amended
and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                                    10. FEES

                     10.1 GENERAL. Sprint PCS and Manager will pay to each other
           the fees and apply the credits in the manner described in this
           section 10. The amounts that Sprint PCS is paid or retains are for
           all obligations of Manager under this agreement. Many of the
           definitions for the fees in section 10.2 are found in section 10.3.

                     10.2      FEES.

                               10.2.1     FEE BASED ON BILLED REVENUE. Sprint
           PCS will pay to Manager the Fee Based on Billed Revenue as determined
           in this section 10.2.1.

                               "BILLED REVENUE" is all customer account activity
           (e.g., all activity billed, attributed or otherwise reflected in the
           customer account but not including Customer Credits) during the
           calendar month for which the fees and payments are being calculated
           (the "BILLED MONTH") for Sprint PCS Products and Services related to
           all Customer accounts within a customer service area ("CSA") assigned
           to the Service Area, except (i) Outbound Roaming Fees, (ii) amounts
           handled separately in this section 10 (including the amounts in
           sections 10.2.3 through 10.2.6, 10.4 and 10.8), (iii) amounts
           collected from Customers and paid to governmental or regulatory
           authorities (e.g., Customer Taxes and USF Charges), and (iv) other
           amounts identified in this agreement as not included in Billed
           Revenue (these Customer accounts being "MANAGER ACCOUNTS"). Within 30
           days after signing this Addendum, Sprint PCS will provide Manager
           with a list of all revenue accounts included in Billed Revenue, and
           Sprint PCS will, as soon as reasonably practicable, provide Manager
           with updates to that list as it changes.

                               Billed Revenue does not include new activity
           billed to the Customer solely to recover costs incurred by Sprint
           PCS, Manager or both related solely to such new activity. Manager and
           Sprint PCS will share the revenues from this billing in proportion to
           the costs they incur. Any amounts recovered in excess of costs
           incurred will be considered Billed Revenue.

                               For purposes of clarification, Sprint PCS
           currently assigns Customers to CSAs based on customer billing
           addresses and expects that procedure to remain in place after the
           Effective Date.

                                       29
<PAGE>
                               If Sprint PCS or Manager develops products or
           services that bundle Sprint PCS Products and Services with other
           products or services (e.g., local service or broadband wireline
           service), then Sprint PCS and Manager will use commercially
           reasonable efforts to agree on the proper allocation of revenue, bad
           debt expenses, credits and promotions for the bundled products and
           services.

                               Sprint PCS will reasonably determine the amount
           of credits applied to Manager Accounts during the Billed Month
           ("CUSTOMER CREDITS").

                               "NET BILLED REVENUE" for a Billed Month is the
           amount of the Billed Revenue less the Customer Credits.

                               The "FEE BASED ON BILLED REVENUE" for a Billed
           Month is equal to 92% of (a) Net Billed Revenue, less (b) the
           Allocated Write-offs for Net Billed Revenue.

                               10.2.2 OUTBOUND ROAMING FEE. Sprint PCS will pay
           to Manager a fee equal to the amount of Outbound Roaming Fees that
           Sprint PCS or its Related Parties bills to Manager Accounts, less the
           Allocated Write-offs for Outbound Roaming Fees. For purposes of
           clarification, Sprint PCS will settle separately with Manager the
           direct cost of providing the capability for the Outbound Roaming,
           including any amounts payable to the carrier that handled the roaming
           call and the clearinghouse operator for Outbound Roaming.

                               10.2.3 PHASE II E911 SURCHARGES. Sprint PCS will
           pay to Manager a fee equal to a portion of the E911 Phase II
           Surcharges (attributable to incremental costs for Phase II E911,
           including but not limited to related handset costs, routing costs,
           implementation costs, trunks and testing costs, and anticipated
           write-offs for bad debt) billed during the Billed Month to Customers
           with an NPA-NXX assigned to the Service Area, less the Allocated
           Write-offs for that portion of E911 Phase II Surcharges in the Billed
           Month. The portion of the billed amount attributed to Manager will be
           based on Manager's proportional cost (as compared to Sprint PCS'
           proportional cost) to comply with Phase II of the E911 requirements.
           Sprint PCS will determine from time to time the rate billed to
           Customers related to Phase II E911 and the portion payable to
           Manager.

                               10.2.4 WIRELESS LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY
           SURCHARGES. Sprint PCS will pay to Manager a fee equal to a portion
           of the Wireless Local Number Portability Surcharges ("WLNP
           SURCHARGES") billed during the Billed Month to Customers with an
           NPA-NXX assigned to the Service Area, less the Allocated Write-offs
           for that portion of the WLNP Surcharges in the Billed Month. The
           portion of the billed amount attributed to Manager will be based on
           Manager's proportional cost (as compared to Sprint PCS' proportional
           cost) to comply with Wireless Local Number Portability requirements.
           Sprint PCS will determine from time to time the rate billed to
           Customers related to WLNP Surcharges and the portion payable to
           Manager.

                                       30
<PAGE>
                               10.2.5 CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT CREDITS. Sprint PCS
           will apply as a credit to any other fees under this section 10.2
           owing by Sprint PCS to Manager an amount equal to the amount of the
           Customer Equipment Credits less the Allocated Write-offs for Customer
           Equipment Credits.

                               10.2.6 WRITE-OFFS FOR CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT CHARGES.
           Sprint PCS will apply as a credit to any other fees under this
           section 10.2 owing by Sprint PCS to Manager an amount equal to the
           amount of the Allocated Write-offs for Customer Equipment Charges.

                               10.2.7 REVENUE FROM PREPAY ACTIVITY. Revenue
           generated from prepay service (currently referred to as ChatPak)
           provided by Manager ("PREPAY REVENUE") will continue to be settled
           between Sprint PCS and Manager separately from the fees calculated
           under this section 10.2. Manager will pay 8% of Prepay Revenue to
           Sprint PCS.

                     10.3  DEFINITIONS USED IN FEE CALCULATIONS

                               10.3.1 WRITE-OFFS. Sprint PCS will determine the
           amounts written off net of deposits applied and net of recoveries
           (the "WRITE-OFFS") in the Sprint PCS billing system during the Billed
           Month relating to Manager Accounts.

                               10.3.2 BILLED COMPONENTS. Each of the following
           amounts is referred to as a "BILLED COMPONENT" and collectively they
           are referred to as the "BILLED COMPONENTS".

                               10.3.2.1 Net Billed Revenue. The amount
           determined as described in section 10.2.1.

                               10.3.2.2 Customer Equipment Credits. The
           reductions of amounts billed to Manager Accounts related to the sale
           of handsets and handset accessories from Sprint PCS inventory are
           referred to as "CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT CREDITS". This is a negative
           amount that reduces the Amount Billed (Net of Customer Credits).

                               10.3.2.3 100% Affiliate Retained Amounts. The
           amounts referred to as "100% Affiliate Retained Amounts" on Exhibit
           10.3, to which Manager is entitled to 100% of the amounts that
           Customers are billed for such items.

                               10.3.2.4 100% Sprint PCS Retained Amounts. The
           amounts referred to as "100% Sprint PCS Retained Amounts" on Exhibit
           10.3, to which Sprint PCS is entitled to 100% of the amounts that
           Customers are billed for such items.


                                       31
<PAGE>
                               10.3.2.5 Customer Equipment Charges. The
           amounts that Sprint PCS bills to Manager Accounts for subscriber
           equipment and accessories sold or leased are referred to as "CUSTOMER
           EQUIPMENT CHARGES".

                               10.3.2.6 E911 Phase II Surcharges. The amounts
           that Sprint PCS bills to Manager Accounts to recover all costs
           related to Phase II E911 functionality are referred to as "E911 PHASE
           II SURCHARGES".

                               10.3.2.7 USF Charges. The amounts that Sprint
           PCS bills to Manager Accounts relating to Universal Service Funds are
           referred to as "USF CHARGES".

                               10.3.2.8 WLNP Surcharges. The amounts that
           Sprint PCS bills to Manager Accounts to recover costs related to WLNP
           activities.

                               10.3.3 AMOUNT BILLED (NET OF CUSTOMER CREDITS).
           The "AMOUNT BILLED (NET OF CUSTOMER CREDITS)" for a Billed Month is
           equal to the sum of the Billed Components.

                               10.3.4 THE ALLOCATED WRITE-OFFS. The "ALLOCATED
           WRITE-OFFS" for all or a portion of a Billed Component in a Billed
           Month is the Write-offs for the Billed Month times the amount of the
           Billed Component (or portion thereof) divided by the Amount Billed
           (Net of Customer Credits).

                      10.4 OTHER FEES AND PAYMENTS. Sprint PCS and Manager will
           pay to each other the fees and payments described below:

                                 10.4.1 INTER SERVICE AREA FEES AND RESELLER
           CUSTOMER FEES.

                                 10.4.1.1 Inter Service Area Fee and Reseller
                      Customer Fee Paid. Manager will pay to Sprint PCS an Inter
                      Service Area Fee as set forth in this section 10.4.1 for
                      each billed minute or kilobyte of use that a Customer with
                      an NPA-NXX assigned to the Service Area uses a portion of
                      the Sprint PCS Network other than the Service Area
                      Network. Sprint PCS will pay to Manager an Inter Service
                      Area Fee for each billed minute or kilobyte of use that a
                      Customer whose NPA-NXX is not assigned to the Service Area
                      Network uses the Service Area Network.

                                 (a) Sprint PCS will pay to Manager the fees set
                      forth in this section 10.4.1 for each billed minute or
                      kilobyte of use that a Reseller Customer uses the Service
                      Area Network unless otherwise negotiated (such fees are
                      referred to in this agreement as "RESELLER CUSTOMER
                      FEES"):

                                            (i) with respect to Existing Resale
                                 Arrangements (other than Virgin Mobile USA,
                                 which is addressed in clause (ii) below), the
                                 amount of fees set forth in subsections
                                 10.4.1.2 and 10.4.1.3;


                                       32
<PAGE>
                                            (ii) with respect to Virgin Mobile
                                 USA, the amount of fees set forth in Program
                                 Requirement 3.5.2 - VMU; except, that the
                                 Resale Arrangement between Sprint PCS and
                                 Virgin Mobile USA will be treated as a New
                                 Resale Arrangement and subject to the
                                 compensation set forth in section
                                 10.4.1.1(a)(iii) or (iv), whichever is
                                 applicable, if continued after the expiration
                                 of the initial term of the arrangement;

                                            (iii) with respect to arrangements
                                 between Sprint PCS and resellers that are
                                 entered into after April 1, 2004 and before
                                 January 1, 2007, or that are renewed or
                                 extended during that period, the amount of fees
                                 collected by Sprint PCS from the resellers as
                                 payment for the Reseller Customer's use of the
                                 Service Area Network; and

                                            (iv) with respect to arrangements
                                 between Sprint PCS and resellers that are
                                 entered into, renewed or extended during the
                                 three-year period beginning on January 1, 2007,
                                 or a subsequent three-year period beginning on
                                 the third anniversary of the beginning of the
                                 previous three-year period, the amount of fees
                                 determined as described in section 10.4.1.1(c).

                                 (b) With respect to Resale Arrangements
                      described in section 10.4.1.1(a)(iii), Sprint PCS will
                      give Manager Manager's proportional share of (i) any cash
                      payments received by Sprint PCS from the other party to a
                      Resale Arrangement, in addition to the reseller rate,
                      relating specifically to the Resale Arrangements (other
                      than those cash payments for reimbursement of expenses
                      incurred to implement the Resale Arrangement, which are
                      addressed in the following paragraph), and (ii) to the
                      extent reasonably able to be made available to Manager,
                      any non-cash payments received by Sprint PCS from the
                      other party to the Resale Arrangement relating
                      specifically to the Resale Arrangements. For purposes of
                      clarification, payments made to Sprint PCS to reimburse
                      Sprint PCS for actual costs incurred to implement some
                      aspect of the Resale Arrangement are not cash or non-cash
                      payments subject to this section.

           Sprint PCS will use commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate with
the other party to the Resale Arrangement to have the other party directly
reimburse Manager for Manager's actual costs incurred to implement the Resale
Arrangement, if any. If Sprint PCS is unable to negotiate such reimbursement
arrangement with the other party, but collects reimbursement from the other
party to the Resale Arrangement, Sprint PCS will allocate to Manager Manager's
proportional share of any reimbursement received from the other party.

           If the reseller is a Related Party of Sprint PCS or if Sprint PCS
owns a substantial equity interest in the reseller, then Sprint PCS and Manager
must agree on the Reseller Customer Fee to be paid by Sprint PCS to Manager and
any proportional sharing of any other cash and non-cash payments before Manager


                                       33
<PAGE>
will have an obligation to participate in such arrangement.

           (c) For each three-year period described in section 10.4.1.1(a)(iv):

                      (i) Sprint PCS will give Manager proposed terms, fees and
           conditions applicable to Manager's participation in Resale
           Arrangements by October 31 of the calendar year before the calendar
           year in which the then current reseller period ends (e.g., the
           initial reseller period ends on December 31, 2006 so the amount has
           to be presented by October 31, 2005). Manager's representative and
           the Sprint PCS representative will begin discussions regarding the
           proposed terms, fees and conditions applicable to Manager's
           participation in Resale Arrangements within 20 days after Manager
           receives the proposed terms, fees and conditions applicable to
           Manager's participation in Resale Arrangements from Sprint PCS.

                      (ii) If the parties do not agree on the new terms, fees
           and conditions applicable to Manager's participation in Resale
           Arrangements within 30 days after the discussions begin, then Manager
           may escalate the discussion to the Sprint PCS Chief Financial Officer
           or Sprint Spectrum may escalate the discussion to Manager's Chief
           Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer.


                      (iii) If the parties cannot agree on the new terms, fees
           and conditions applicable to Manager's participation in Resale
           Arrangements through the escalation process within 20 days after the
           escalation process begins, then without Manager's prior written
           consent, (A) Manager will not be required to participate in any
           Resale Arrangement that is entered into by Sprint PCS, or renewed or
           extended, after the Required Resale Participation Period and (B)
           Manager will not be required to participate in Existing Resale
           Arrangements or Required Resale Arrangements after the Required
           Resale Participation Period, provided, however, that Manager will
           continue to allow resellers under Existing Resale Arrangements and
           resellers under Required Resale Arrangements, which Manager opted
           into or in which Manager was required to participate under this
           agreement, to activate subscribers with an NPA-NXX assigned to
           Manager's Service Area and Manager will continue to support such
           resellers (x) with respect to resellers under Existing Resale
           Arrangements and resellers under New Resale Arrangements, throughout
           the then remaining term of their Resale Arrangement with Sprint PCS,
           without giving effect to any applicable renewal terms and phase out
           periods, and (y) with respect to resellers under Renewed Resale
           Arrangements, throughout the then remaining renewal term of their
           Resale Arrangement with Sprint PCS, without giving effect to any
           applicable additional renewal terms and phase out periods. For


                                       34
<PAGE>
           purposes of determining renewals and extensions of Resale
           Arrangements under this Agreement, including without limitation for
           purposes of this section 10.4.1.1(c)(iii), if a Resale Arrangement
           does not expressly state an initial term, then the arrangement shall
           be deemed to have a five-year initial term, and if a Resale
           Arrangement states an initial term in excess of ten years, then the
           arrangement shall be deemed to have a ten-year initial term, in each
           case, after which term such arrangement will be deemed to be up for
           renewal or extension. Manager will continue to receive Reseller
           Customer Fees with respect to such Resale Arrangements at the same
           rates in effect at the end of the Required Resale Participation
           Period.

           Sprint PCS may not amend, modify or change in any manner the Inter
Service Area Fees between Sprint PCS and Manager or Reseller Customer Fees and
other matters set forth in this section 10.4.1 without Manager's prior written
consent, except as expressly provided in this section. For purposes of
clarification, the parties do not intend the above sentence to limit Sprint PCS'
ability to negotiate fees with resellers.

           Sprint PCS will not be obligated to pay Manager those Inter Service
Area Fees not received by Sprint PCS from an Other Manager who is a debtor in a
bankruptcy proceeding with respect to Inter Service Area Fees that Sprint PCS
owes Manager because of CSAs assigned to such Other Manager's Service Area
traveling in the Service Area. For clarification purposes, Sprint PCS does not
have to advance the Inter Service Area Fees for the Other Manager who is
involved in the bankruptcy proceeding to Manager, to the extent that the Other
Manager fails to pay the Inter Service Area Fees. Manager bears the risk of loss
of the Other Manager who is involved in the bankruptcy proceeding not paying the
Inter Service Area Fees to Sprint PCS.

           If relief is ordered under title 11 of the United States Code for an
Other Manager or an Other Manager files a voluntary petition for relief under
title 11 of the United States Code and such Other Manager fails to pay to Sprint
PCS amounts that such Other Manager owes to Sprint PCS with respect to the Inter
Service Area Fees for travel into Manager's Service Area, at Manager's
direction, (a) Sprint PCS will either (i) take reasonable steps to prevent such
Other Manager from continuing after the commencement of its bankruptcy case to
incur Inter Service Area Fees for travel into Manager's Service Area without
timely remitting payment of such Inter Service Area Fees to Sprint PCS for the
benefit of Manager, or (ii) assign to Manager all of its rights as a creditor of
such Other Manager to prevent such Other Manager from continuing after the
commencement of its bankruptcy case to incur Inter Service Area Fees for travel
into Manager's Service Area without timely remitting payment of such Inter
Service Area Fees to Manager, and (b) Sprint PCS will either (i) include the
amount owed by the Other Manager to Manager in the Sprint PCS proof of claim


                                       35
<PAGE>
filed in the bankruptcy proceeding, and remit to Manager when and as it receives
distributions with respect to such proof of claim for Inter Service Area Fees
for travel in Manager's Service Area, a pro-rata share of such distributions or
(ii) immediately assign to Manager all of its claims and rights as a creditor of
such Other Manager for those amounts owed with respect to Inter Service Area
Fees for travel in Manager's Service Area. Sprint PCS agrees to take all actions
necessary to effect these assignments of rights to Manager, and further agrees
that Manager will not be responsible for any expenses related to such
assignments. If Sprint PCS receives any amounts from an Other Manager who is a
debtor in a bankruptcy proceeding with respect to Inter Service Area Fees for
travel into the Service Area, Sprint PCS will immediately remit those amounts to
Manager.

           If relief is ordered under title 11 of the United States Code for
Sprint PCS or Sprint PCS files a voluntary petition for relief under title 11 of
the United States Code, then Sprint PCS will be deemed a trustee for Manager's
benefit with respect to any Inter Service Area Fees that Sprint PCS collects
from Other Managers for travel into Manager's Service Area, and Sprint PCS has
no rights to Manager's portion of such Inter Service Area Fees.

           Manager acknowledges that if the manner in which the CSAs are
assigned changes because of changes in the manner in which the NPA- NXX is
utilized, the manner in which the Inter Service Area Fees and Reseller Customer
Fees, if any, will be changed accordingly.

                      10.4.1.2 Voice and 2G Data Rate. The amount of the Inter
           Service Area Voice and 2G Data Fee and Reseller Customer Voice and 2G
           Data Fee for arrangements between Sprint PCS and resellers in
           existence as of April 1, 2004, will be as follows:

                                 (a) The Inter Service Area Voice and 2G Data
                      Fee for each billed minute of use that a Customer uses an
                      Away Network and the Reseller Customer Fee for each billed
                      minute of use that a Reseller Customer uses the Service
                      Area Network, will be $0.058 from the Effective Date to
                      December 31, 2006.

                                 (b) For each calendar year during the Term of
                      this agreement beginning January 1, 2007, the Inter
                      Service Area Voice and 2G Data Fee for each billed minute
                      of use that a Customer uses an Away Network and the
                      Reseller Customer Fee for each billed minute of use that a
                      Reseller Customer uses the Service Area Network, will be
                      an amount equal to 90% of Sprint PCS' Retail Yield for
                      Voice and 2G Data Usage for the previous calendar year;
                      provided that such amount for any period will not be less
                      than Manager's network costs (including a reasonable
                      return using Manager's weighted average cost of capital
                      applied against Manager's net investment in the Service
                      Area Network) to provide the services that are subject to
                      the Inter Service Area Voice and 2G Data Fee. If the


                                       36
<PAGE>
                      parties have a dispute relating to the determination of
                      the foregoing fees for any period, then the parties will
                      submit the dispute to binding arbitration as set forth in
                      sections 14.2 and 10.4.1.3(b).

                                 10.4.1.3 3G Data Rate. The amount of the Inter
                      Service Area 3G Data Fee and Reseller Customer 3G Data Fee
                      for arrangements between Sprint PCS and resellers in
                      existence as of April 1, 2004, will be as follows:

                                 (a) From the Effective Date to December 31,
                      2006 ("INITIAL 3G DATA FEE PERIOD"), the Inter Service
                      Area 3G Data Fee for each kilobyte of use that a Customer
                      uses an Away Network and the Reseller Customer 3G Data Fee
                      for each kilobyte of use that a Reseller Customer uses the
                      Service Area Network, will be $0.0020; except with respect
                      to Sprint 3G Data Service as defined and set out in the
                      Program Requirement 3.5.2.

                                 (b) For each calendar year during the Term of
                      this agreement beginning January 1, 2007, the Inter
                      Service Area 3G Data Fee and the Reseller Customer 3G Data
                      Fee will be an amount equal to 90% of the Sprint PCS
                      Retail Yield for 3G Data Usage for the previous calendar
                      year; provided that such amount for any period will not be
                      less than Manager's network costs (including a reasonable
                      return using Manager's weighted average cost of capital
                      applied against Manager's net investment in the Service
                      Area Network) to provide the services that are subject to
                      the Inter Service Area 3G Data Fee and the Reseller
                      Customer 3G Data Fee. If the parties have a dispute
                      relating to the determination of the foregoing fees for
                      any period, then the parties will submit the dispute to
                      binding arbitration as set forth in section 14.2 and the
                      next paragraph.

                                 If Manager submits the matter to arbitration
                      the fees that Sprint PCS proposed will apply starting
                      after December 31 of the first year of the appropriate
                      period as described in section 10.4.1.4 and will continue
                      in effect unless modified by the final decision of the
                      arbitrator. If the arbitrator imposes a fee different than
                      the ones in effect the new fees will be applied as if in
                      effect after December 31 of the first year of the
                      appropriate period as described in section 10.4.1.4 and if
                      on application of the new fees one party owes the other
                      party any amount after taking into account payments the
                      parties have already made then the owing party will pay
                      the other party within 30 days of the date of the final
                      arbitration order.

                                 10.4.1.4 Rate Changes - Effective Date. All
                      rate changes related to Inter Service Area Fees and
                      Reseller Customer Fees will be applied to all activity in
                      a bill cycle that closes after the effective date of the
                      rate change. The previous rates will apply to all activity
                      in a bill cycle that closes before the effective date of
                      the rate change.


                                       37
<PAGE>
                                 10.4.1.5 Long Distance. The long distance rates
                      associated with the Inter Service Area and Reseller
                      Customer usage will be equal to the actual wholesale
                      transport and terminating costs associated with the
                      originating and terminating locations. The rates are then
                      applied to cumulative usage at a BID level for settlement
                      purposes.

                               10.4.2 INTERCONNECT FEES. Manager will pay to
           Sprint PCS (or to other carriers as appropriate) monthly the
           interconnect fees, if any, as provided under section 1.4.

                               10.4.3 TERMINATING AND ORIGINATING ACCESS FEE.
           Sprint PCS will pay Manager 92% of any terminating or originating
           access fees Sprint PCS collects from an IXC that are not subject to
           refund or dispute (but it will not be Billed Revenue). For purposes
           of clarification, Sprint Corporation's Related Parties are obligated
           to pay terminating access to Sprint PCS only if MCI and AT&T pay
           terminating or originating access to Sprint PCS. At the Effective
           Date of Addendum V, neither MCI nor AT&T pays terminating access to
           Sprint PCS. The ability of wireless carriers to collect access fees
           is currently subject to legal challenge. The parties acknowledge that
           Sprint PCS has limited ability to require IXCs to pay access fees.

                               10.4.4 REIMBURSEMENTS FOR MISTAKEN PAYMENTS. If
           one party mistakenly pays an amount that the other party is obligated
           to pay then the other party will reimburse the paying party, if the
           paying party identifies the mistake and notifies the receiving party
           within 9 calendar months after the date on which the paying party
           makes the mistaken payment.

                     10.5 TAXES AND PAYMENTS TO THE GOVERNMENT. Manager will pay
           or reimburse Sprint PCS for any sales, use, gross receipts or similar
           tax, administrative fee, telecommunications fee or surcharge for
           taxes or fees that a governmental authority levies on the fees and
           charges payable by Sprint PCS to Manager.

                     Manager will report all taxable property to the appropriate
           taxing authority for ad valorem tax purposes. Manager will pay as and
           when due all taxes, assessments, liens, encumbrances, levies and
           other charges against the real estate and personal property that
           Manager owns or uses in fulfilling its obligations under this
           agreement.

                     Manager is responsible for paying all sales, use or similar
           taxes on the purchase and use of its equipment, advertising and other
           goods or services in connection with this agreement.

                     Sprint PCS will be solely responsible for remitting to
           government agencies or their designees any and all fees or other
           amounts owed as a result of the services provided to the Customers
           under the Management Agreement. As a consequence of this


                                       38
<PAGE>
           responsibility, Sprint PCS is entitled to 100% of any amounts that
           Manager, Sprint PCS or their Related Parties receives from Customers
           (including Customers whose NPA-NXX is assigned to the Service Area)
           relating to these fees or other amounts.

                     10.6    UNIVERSAL SERVICE FUNDS.

                               10.6.1 PAID BY GOVERNMENT. Manager is entitled to
           100% of any federal and state subsidy funds (the "SUBSIDY FUNDS"),
           including Universal Service Funds, that Manager or Sprint PCS
           receives from government disbursements based on customers with
           mailing addresses located in the Service Area and with NPA-NXXs
           assigned to the Service Area, or such other method then in effect
           under the rules of the FCC, Universal Service Administrative Company
           or other federal or state administrator. For purposes of clarity,
           Universal Service Funds provide support payments to Eligible
           Telecommunications Carriers ("ETC") serving in high cost areas or
           providing services to low income individuals. Sprint PCS will file at
           its cost on behalf of itself or Manager appropriate ETC documentation
           in those jurisdictions in which Sprint PCS determines to make the
           filing. Manager will bear the costs of any filing made by Sprint PCS
           in those jurisdictions in which Manager requests Sprint PCS to make
           the filing.

                     If Manager asks Sprint PCS to make a filing in a
           jurisdiction and Sprint PCS reasonably determines not to make the
           filing because making the filing is detrimental to Sprint's best
           interests, then Sprint does not have to make the filing. If Manager
           disagrees with the reasonableness of Sprint PCS' determination not to
           make the filing, then the parties will submit to binding arbitration
           in accordance with section 14.2, excluding the escalation process set
           forth in section 14.1.

                     If the process set forth in the previous paragraph results
           in Sprint PCS making a filing, Manager will pay all of Sprint PCS'
           reasonable out-of-pocket costs associated with the filing and any
           compliance obligations that arise from the filing or that are imposed
           by the jurisdiction in which the filing is made (e.g. filing fees,
           legal fees, expert witness retention, universal lifeline service,
           enhancing customer care quality, and including, without limitation,
           network upgrades). Sprint PCS will remit to Manager 50% of any
           Subsidy Funds that Sprint PCS receives from filings Sprint PCS is
           required to make under the preceding paragraph that are not payable
           to Manager under the first paragraph of this section 10.6.1, until
           the aggregate amount of the payments to Manager under this sentence
           equals 50% of the amount Manager has paid Sprint PCS under the
           preceding sentence.

                     All Subsidy Funds received must be used to support the
           provision, maintenance and upgrading of facilities and services for
           which the funds are intended. Sprint PCS will attempt to recover from
           the appropriate governmental authority Subsidy Funds and will remit
           the appropriate recoveries to Manager.


                                       39
<PAGE>
                               10.6.2 PAID BY CUSTOMERS. Sprint PCS will be
           solely responsible for remitting to government agencies or their
           designees, including but not limited to the Universal Service
           Administrative Company, all universal service fees. As a consequence
           of this responsibility, Sprint PCS is entitled to 100% of any amounts
           that Manager, Sprint PCS or their Related Parties receives from
           Customers (including Customers whose NPA-NXX is assigned to the
           Service Area) relating to the Universal Service Funds.

                     10.7 EQUIPMENT REPLACEMENT PROGRAM. Sprint PCS is entitled
           to 100% of the amounts that Customers pay for participating in any
           equipment replacement program offered by Sprint PCS and billed on
           their Sprint PCS bills. Manager will not be responsible for or in any
           way billed for any costs or expenses that Sprint PCS or any Sprint
           PCS Related Party incurs in connection with any such equipment
           replacement program. Sprint PCS will reimburse Manager for any costs
           it incurs if Sprint PCS fails to comply with any Sprint PCS equipment
           replacement program. Manager is entitled to 100% of the amounts that
           Customers pay for participating in any equipment replacement program
           offered by Manager and billed separately by Manager. Manager will
           reimburse Sprint PCS for any costs it incurs if Manager fails to
           comply with any Manager equipment replacement program.

                     10.8 CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT. Sprint PCS is entitled to 100% of
           the amounts that Customers pay for subscriber equipment and
           accessories sold or leased by Sprint PCS, and Manager is entitled to
           100% of the amounts that Customers pay for subscriber equipment and
           accessories sold or leased by Manager, subject to the equipment
           settlement process in section 4.1.2.

                     10.9 PHASE I E911. Sprint PCS is entitled to collect 100%
           of the E911 Phase I Surcharges (e.g., for equipment other than
           handsets, such as platforms and networks). Sprint PCS will attempt to
           recover from the appropriate governmental authority Phase I E911
           reimbursements and will remit the appropriate amounts to Manager.

                     10.10 MANAGER DEPOSITS INTO RETAIL BANK ACCOUNTS. Each
           Business Day, Manager will deposit into bank accounts and authorize
           Sprint PCS or a Related Party that Sprint PCS designates to sweep
           from such accounts the amounts collected from Customers on behalf of
           Sprint PCS and its Related Parties for Sprint PCS Products and
           Services. Manager will allow the funds deposited in the bank accounts
           to be transferred daily to other accounts that Sprint PCS designates.
           Manager will also provide the daily reports of the amounts collected
           that Sprint PCS reasonably requires. Manager will not make any
           changes to the authorizations and designations Sprint PCS designates
           for the bank accounts without Sprint PCS' prior written consent.

                     10.11     MONTHLY STATEMENTS.


                                       40
<PAGE>
                               10.11.1 SECTION 10.2 STATEMENT. Each month Sprint
           PCS will determine the amount payable to or due from Manager for a
           Billed Month under section 10.2. Sprint PCS will deliver a monthly
           statement to Manager that reports the amount due to Manager, the
           manner in which the amount was calculated, the amount due to Sprint
           PCS and its Related Parties under this agreement and the Services
           Agreement, and the net amount payable to or due from Manager.

                               10.11.2 OTHER STATEMENTS. Sprint PCS will deliver
           a monthly statement to Manager that reports amounts due to Manager or
           from Manager, other than amounts described in section 10.12.1, the
           manner in which the amounts were calculated, the amount due to
           Manager or to Sprint PCS and its Related Parties under this agreement
           and the Services Agreement, and the net amount payable to Manager.

                               10.11.3 THIRD PARTY CHARGES. Sprint PCS will
           include any third party charges on Manager's statements within three
           calendar months after the end of the calendar month during which
           Sprint PCS receives the third party charge. Sprint PCS' failure to
           include these charges on Manager's statements within the three
           calendar month-period will mean that Sprint PCS cannot collect those
           third party charges from Manager. Sprint PCS will use its
           commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a third party charge that
           Sprint PCS has not received within three calendar months after a
           third party provides a service or product, and an estimate of the
           charge.

                     10.12     PAYMENTS.

                               10.12.1 WEEKLY PAYMENTS. Sprint PCS will pay the
           amount payable to Manager for a Billed Month under section 10.2 in
           equal weekly payments on consecutive Thursdays beginning the second
           Thursday of the calendar month following the Billed Month and ending
           on the first Thursday of the second calendar month after the Billed
           Month. If Sprint PCS is unable to determine the amount due to Manager
           in time to make the weekly payment on the second Thursday of a
           calendar month, then Sprint PCS will pay Manager for that week the
           same weekly amount it paid Manager for the previous week. Sprint PCS
           will true-up any difference between the actual amount due for the
           first weekly payment of the Billed Month and amounts paid for any
           estimated weekly payments after Sprint PCS determines what the weekly
           payment is for that month. Sprint PCS will use reasonable efforts to
           true-up within 10 Business Days after the date on which Sprint PCS
           made the estimated weekly payment.

                               10.12.2 MONTHLY PAYMENTS. The amounts payable to
           Manager and Sprint PCS and its Related Parties under this agreement
           and the Services Agreement, other than the payments described in
           section 10.12.1, will be determined, billed and paid monthly in
           accordance with section 10.12.3.

                               10.12.3 TRANSITION OF PAYMENT METHODS. (a) Sprint


                                       41
<PAGE>
           PCS and Manager wish to conduct an orderly transition from making
           weekly payments to Manager based on Collected Revenues to weekly
           payments based on Billed Revenue. The method of calculating the
           weekly payments will change on the first day of the calendar month
           after the Effective Date of Addendum V (the "TRANSITION DATE"). The
           weekly amounts paid to Manager during the calendar month before the
           Transition Date and on the first Thursday after the Transition Date
           will be based on the Collected Revenues method. The weekly amounts
           paid to Manager beginning on the second Thursday of the second
           calendar month after the Transition Date will be based on the Billed
           Revenue method described in this section 10. To effect an orderly
           transition, Sprint PCS will pay Manager for the period beginning on
           the second Thursday after the Transition Date and ending on the first
           Thursday of the calendar month after the Transition Date an amount
           calculated as described below in section 10.12.3(b).

                               (b) Sprint PCS will apply the estimated
           collection percentages that Sprint PCS uses before the Transition
           Date to the gross accounts receivable aging categories for Customers
           with an NPA-NXX assigned to the Service Area as of the close of
           business on the day before the Transition Date to calculate the
           amount Sprint PCS anticipates collecting on those accounts
           receivable. Sprint PCS will pay Manager the amount estimated to be
           collected in equal weekly payments on consecutive Thursdays beginning
           the second Thursday after the Transition Date and ending the first
           Thursday of the calendar month after the Transition Date. Sprint PCS
           will also pay to Manager no later than the second Thursday after the
           Transition Date any Collected Revenues received after the Saturday
           before the Transition Date and before the Transition Date.

                               (c) Sprint PCS will recalculate the estimated
           collection percentages and apply the recalculated estimated
           collection percentages to the gross accounts receivable aging
           categories described in the first sentence of section 10.12.3(b) when
           all applicable data is available. Sprint PCS will increase or
           decrease a weekly payment by the amount of the difference between the
           amount paid to Manager based on the initial estimated collection
           percentages and the amount that would have been paid to Manager using
           the newer estimated collection percentages.

                     10.13 DISPUTE OR CORRECTION OF STATEMENT AMOUNT. A party
           can only dispute or correct an amount on a statement in good faith.
           If a party disputes or corrects an amount on a statement, the
           disputing or correcting party must give the other party written
           notice of the specific item disputed or corrected, the disputed or
           corrected amount with respect to that item and the reason for the
           dispute or correction within the later to occur of: (i) three
           calendar months after the end of the calendar month during which the
           disputed or erroneous statement was delivered and (ii) 30 days after
           Manager receives information from Sprint PCS in response to Manager's
           request relating to amounts on a statement.

                     Any dispute regarding a statement will be submitted for
           resolution under the dispute resolution process in section 14. The


                                       42
<PAGE>
           parties must continue to pay to the other party all amounts, except
           disputed amounts (subject to the next paragraph), owed under this
           agreement and the Services Agreement during the dispute resolution
           process. If the Disputing Party complies with the requirements of
           this paragraph, then the other party or its Related Parties may not
           declare the Disputing Party in breach of this agreement or the
           Services Agreement because of nonpayment of the disputed amount,
           pending completion of the dispute resolution process.

                     If the aggregate disputed amount, combined with any
           aggregate disputed amount under section 10.14, exceeds $1,000,000,
           then upon the written request of the other party, the party disputing
           the amount (the "DISPUTING PARTY") will deposit the portion of the
           disputed amount in excess of $1,000,000 into an escrow account that
           will be governed by an escrow agreement in a form to be mutually
           agreed upon by the parties. The Disputing Party will deposit the
           amount into the escrow account within 10 Business Days after its
           receipt of the written request from the other party in accordance
           with the foregoing. If the Disputing Party complies with the
           requirements of this paragraph, then the other party or its Related
           Parties may not declare the Disputing Party in breach of this
           agreement or the Services Agreement because of nonpayment of the
           disputed amount, pending completion of the dispute resolution
           process.

                     The escrow agent will be an unrelated third party that is
           in the business of serving as an escrow agent for or on behalf of
           financial institutions. The parties will share evenly the escrow
           agent's fees. The escrow agent will invest and reinvest the escrowed
           funds in interest-bearing money market accounts or as the parties
           otherwise agree. The escrow agent will disburse the escrowed funds in
           the following manner based on the determination made in the dispute
           resolution process:

                                 (a) If the Disputing Party does not owe any of
                      the disputed amounts, then the escrow agent will return
                      all of the escrowed funds to the Disputing Party with the
                      interest earned on the escrowed funds.

                                 (b) If the Disputing Party owes all of the
                      disputed amounts, then the escrow agent will disburse all
                      of the escrowed funds with the interest earned on the
                      escrowed funds to the non-disputing party. If the interest
                      earned is less than the amount owed based on the Default
                      Rate, then the Disputing Party will pay the non-disputing
                      party the difference between those amounts.

                                 (c) If the Disputing Party owes a portion of
                      the disputed amounts, then the escrow agent will disburse
                      to the non-disputing party the amount owed with interest
                      at the Default Rate from the escrowed funds and disburse
                      the balance of the escrowed funds to the Disputing Party.


                                       43
<PAGE>
                      The Disputing Party will pay the non-disputing party the
                      amount owed for interest at the Default Rate if the amount
                      of the escrowed funds is insufficient.

                     Manager and Sprint PCS will take all reasonable actions
           necessary to allow the Disputing Party to continue to reflect the
           amounts deposited into the escrow account by the Disputing Party as
           assets in the Disputing Party's financial statements.

                     The parties will use the dispute resolution process under
           section 14.2 of this agreement, excluding the escalation process set
           forth in section 14.1, if they cannot agree on the form of escrow
           agreement.

                     The parties agree that, despite this section 10.13, Manager
           will pay all disputed amounts due to Sprint PCS or any Related Party
           for fees for CCPU Services and CPGA Services payable under the
           Services Agreement for periods ending on or before December 31, 2006,
           subject to any other rights and remedies that Manager has under this
           agreement and the Services Agreement. The parties may discuss any
           amounts that Manager believes are in error in the calculation of such
           fees, and attempt to agree on the corrected amounts, but these
           discussions do not delay or otherwise affect Manager's payment
           obligations under this section 10.13.

                     The dispute of an item in a statement does not stay or
           diminish a party's other rights and remedies under this agreement,
           except that a party must complete the dispute resolution process in
           section 14 before taking any legal or equitable action against the
           other party.

                     10.14 DISPUTE OR CORRECTION OF A THIRD PARTY INVOICE
           AMOUNT. Sprint PCS will include the applicable portion of any amount
           based on a third party invoice in a statement to Manager within three
           calendar months after Sprint PCS' receipt of the third party invoice.
           Sprint PCS' failure to include the amount in a statement to Manager
           within the three calendar month-period will mean that the third party
           charges will not be collectible from Manager. Sprint PCS will use its
           commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a third party charge that
           Sprint PCS has not received within three calendar months after a
           third party provides a service or product and an estimate of the
           charge.

                     A party can dispute or correct an amount based on a third
           party invoice only in good faith. Modified invoices received by
           Sprint PCS from a third party vendor and then sent by Sprint PCS to
           Manager will be treated as a new statement for purposes of this
           section, so long as the modified statement was revised in good faith
           and not simply to provide Sprint PCS additional time to resubmit a
           previous invoice. Sprint PCS will cooperate with Manager and take
           commercially reasonable steps to cause the third party to cooperate
           with Manager to enable Manager to ascertain the circumstances leading
           to a modified invoice.


                                       44
<PAGE>
                     If a party disputes or corrects an amount on a third party
           invoice or the amount Sprint PCS attributed to Manager, the disputing
           party must give the other party written notice of the specific item
           disputed or corrected, the disputed or corrected amount with respect
           to that item and the reason for the dispute or correction within
           three calendar months after the end of the calendar month during
           which the disputed, erroneous or modified statement was delivered.
           Sprint PCS and Manager will cooperate with each other to obtain the
           information needed to determine if the amounts billed by the third
           party and allocated to Manager were correct.

                     Any dispute regarding the amount of the third party invoice
           Sprint PCS attributed to Manager will be submitted for resolution
           under the dispute resolution process in section 14. Manager must
           continue to pay to Sprint PCS all amounts, except disputed amounts,
           owed under this agreement and the Services Agreement during the
           information gathering and dispute resolution process. If the
           aggregate disputed amount, combined with any aggregate disputed
           amount under section 10.13, exceeds $1,000,000, then upon the written
           request of Sprint PCS, Manager will deposit the portion of the
           disputed amount in excess of $1,000,000 into an escrow account that
           will be governed by an escrow agreement containing terms similar to
           the general terms described in section 10.13 and in a form to be
           mutually agreed upon by the parties. Manager will deposit the amount
           into the escrow account within 10 Business Days after its receipt of
           the written request from Sprint PCS in accordance with the foregoing.
           If Manager complies with the requirements of this paragraph, then
           none of Sprint PCS or its Related Parties may declare Manager in
           breach of this agreement or the Services Agreement because of
           nonpayment of the disputed amount, pending completion of the dispute
           resolution process.

                     The dispute of an item in a statement does not stay or
           diminish a party's other rights and remedies under this agreement,
           except that the parties must complete the dispute resolution process
           in section 14 before taking any legal or equitable action against
           each other. A party can only dispute or correct an amount on a
           statement in good faith. If a party disputes or corrects an amount on
           a statement, the disputing or correcting party must give the other
           party written notice of the specific item disputed or corrected, the
           disputed or corrected amount with respect to that item and the reason
           for the dispute or correction within three calendar months after the
           end of the calendar month during which the disputed or erroneous
           statement was delivered.

                     10.15 LATE PAYMENTS. Any amount due under this agreement or
           the Services Agreement without a specified due date will, in the case
           of Manager, be due 25 days after the date of an invoice, and will, in
           the case of Sprint PCS, be due 25 days after collection from the
           applicable third party. Any amount due under this agreement and the
           Services Agreement (including without limitation any amounts disputed
           under those agreements that are ultimately determined to be due) that


                                       45
<PAGE>
           is not paid by one party to the other party in accordance with the
           terms of the applicable agreement will bear interest at the Default
           Rate beginning (and including) the 6th day after the invoice or
           settlement due date until (and including) the date paid.

                     10.16 SETOFF RIGHT IF FAILURE TO PAY AMOUNTS DUE. If
           Manager fails to pay any undisputed amount due Sprint PCS or a
           Related Party of Sprint PCS under this agreement, any undisputed
           amount due Sprint PCS or a Related Party of Sprint PCS under the
           Services Agreement or any other agreement with Sprint PCS or a
           Related Party of Sprint PCS, or any disputed amount due to Sprint PCS
           or a Related Party for fees for CCPU Services or CPGA Services
           payable under the Services Agreement, then 5 days after the payment
           due date Sprint PCS may setoff against its payments to Manager under
           this section 10 any such undisputed amount that Manager owes to
           Sprint PCS or a Related Party of Sprint PCS under such agreements.
           Sprint PCS will use reasonable efforts to provide Manager with prior
           written notice of Sprint PCS' intent to exercise its setoff right and
           the notice will include a list of any and all relevant invoices. This
           right of setoff is in addition to any other right that Sprint PCS or
           a Related Party of Sprint PCS might have under this agreement, the
           Services Agreement or any other agreements with Sprint PCS or a
           Related Party of Sprint PCS.

           21. NON-RENEWAL RIGHTS OF SPRINT PCS [ADDM I, SS.7]. Section
11.2.2(c) is amended to read as follows:

                      (c) this agreement expires (after 50 years) with neither
           party giving a written notice of non-renewal:"

           22. TERMINATION OF LICENSE [ADDM I, SS.8]. Section 11.3.1(a) is
amended to read as follows:

                                 (a) At the election of either party this
                      agreement may be terminated at the time the FCC revokes or
                      fails to renew the License and after all appeals are
                      exhausted. Unless Manager has the right to terminate this
                      agreement under section 11.3.1(b), neither party has any
                      claim against the other party if the FCC revokes or fails
                      to renew the License, even if circumstances would
                      otherwise permit one party to terminate this agreement
                      based on a different Event of Termination, except that the
                      parties will have the right to pursue claims against each
                      other as permitted under section 11.4(b).

           23. TERMINATION RIGHTS [NEW]. Section 11.3.7 is deleted, and all
references in the agreement to section 11.3.7 are also deleted.

           24. AUDIT [NEW]. Section 12.1.2 is amended and restated in its
entirety to read as follows:


                                       46
<PAGE>
                     12.1.2 AUDITS. On reasonable advance notice by one party,
           the other party must provide its independent or internal auditors
           access to its appropriate financial and operating records, including,
           without limitation, vendor and distribution agreements, for purposes
           of auditing the amount of fees (including the appropriateness of
           items excluded from the Fee Based on Billed Revenue), costs, expenses
           (including operating metrics referred to in this agreement and the
           Services Agreement relating to or used in the determination of Inter
           Service Area Fees, Reseller Customer Fees, CCPU Services or CPGA
           Services and any other data relied upon by Manager relating to or
           used in the determination of any fees, costs, expenses or charges
           payable by Manager under this agreement) or other charges payable in
           connection with the Service Area for the period audited. The party
           that requested the audit may decide if the audit is conducted by the
           other party's independent or internal auditors. Manager and Sprint
           PCS may each request no more than one audit per year.

                               (a) If the audit shows that Sprint PCS was
                     underpaid then, unless the amount is contested, Manager
                     will pay to Sprint PCS the amount of the underpayment
                     within 10 Business Days after Sprint PCS gives Manager
                     written notice of the underpayment determination.

                               (b) If the audit determines that Sprint PCS was
                     overpaid then, unless the amount is contested, Sprint PCS
                     will pay to Manager the amount of the overpayment within 10
                     Business Days after Manager gives Sprint PCS written notice
                     of the overpayment determination.

                     The auditing party will pay all costs and expenses related
           to the audit unless the amount owed to the audited party is reduced
           by more than 10% or the amount owed by the audited party is increased
           by more than 10%, in which case the audited party will pay the costs
           and expenses related to the audit.

                     Sprint PCS will provide a report issued in conformity with
           Statement of Auditing Standard No. 70 "Reports on the Processing of
           Transactions by Service Organizations" ("TYPE II REPORT" or "MANAGER
           MANAGEMENT REPORT") to Manager twice annually. If Manager, on the
           advice of its independent auditors or its legal counsel, determines
           that a statute, regulation, rule, judicial decision or
           interpretation, or audit or accounting rule, or policy published by
           the accounting or auditing profession or other authoritative rule
           making body (such as the Securities and Exchange Commission, the
           Public Company Accounting Oversight Board or the Financial Accounting
           Standards Board) requires additional assurances beyond SAS 70, then
           Sprint PCS will reasonably cooperate with Manager to provide the
           additional assurances or other information reasonably requested by
           Manager so that it can satisfy its obligations under such statute,
           regulation, rule, judicial decision or interpretation, or audit or
           accounting rule, or policy published by the accounting or auditing
           profession or other authoritative rule making body. Sprint PCS'
           independent auditors will prepare any Type II Report or Manager
           Management Report provided under this section 12.1.2 and will provide


                                       47
<PAGE>
           an opinion on the controls placed in operation and tests of operating
           effectiveness of those controls in effect at Sprint PCS over Manager
           Management Processes. "Manager Management Processes" include those
           services generally provided within this agreement, primarily billing
           and collection of revenues.

25. DISPUTE RESOLUTION [NEW]. Section 14 of the Management Agreement is hereby
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language:

           14.1 NEGOTIATION. The parties will attempt in good faith to resolve
any issue, dispute, or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement
by negotiation. The following procedures will apply to any such negotiations:

                     14.1.1 NOTICE. A party commences the negotiation process by
giving the other party written notice of any dispute not resolved in the
ordinary course of business. The notice will expressly state that the notifying
party is commencing the negotiation process provided for in this section;
identify the issues and the amounts in dispute; and, will be delivered in
accordance with Section 17.1 of this Agreement.

                     14.1.2 MEETING. Within 10 days after delivery of the
written notice commencing the negotiation process, representatives of both
parties will meet in a manner and at a time and place that is mutually
acceptable to the representatives involved for the purpose of exchanging
relevant information and in an effort to resolve the disputes.

                     14.1.3 REPRESENTATIVES. Each party's representative(s) at
any meeting conducted pursuant to this Section 14.1 will have authority to
resolve the dispute(s) identified in the notice, except (i) with respect to
Sprint the representative will be at least a vice-president of Sprint PCS,
Sprint United Management Company or Sprint Corporation if the dispute is one
that would require approval of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive
Officer, President or Chief Financial Office of Sprint Corporation under the
then existing fiscal authorization policies of Sprint Corporation and (ii) with
respect to Manager the representative will be at least a vice-president of
Manager if the dispute is one that would require approval of the Board of
Directors. If a party's representative intends to be accompanied at any meeting
by an attorney, the other party will be given not less than 3 days' notice of
such intention and may also be accompanied by an attorney.

                     14.1.4 TERMINATION OF PROCESS. In the event that a dispute
is not resolved at the initial meeting of the parties' representatives, the
parties may agree to continue the negotiation process by scheduling additional
meetings and/or including additional representatives. However, at any time after
the first meeting or if the other party refuses to meet, either party may
terminate the negotiation process by delivery of written notice to that effect
to the other party in accordance with section 17.1 of this agreement.


                                       48
<PAGE>
                     14.1.5 NEGOTIATIONS NOT EVIDENCE. Any and all
communications and negotiations between the parties pursuant to this Section
14.1 are Confidential Information of both of the parties and will be treated as
negotiations of settlement and compromise as provided for in the Federal Rules
of Evidence or any state's rules of evidence. The substance of any such
communications and negotiations are not to be tendered or introduced into
evidence in any proceeding or litigation between the parties regarding the
subject disputes.

           14.2 ARBITRATION/LITIGATION. With respect to any claim or dispute,
either party will continue to operate under this agreement and may file suit in
a court of competent jurisdiction or commence an arbitration proceeding in
accordance with the terms of this agreement. Absent the express agreement of a
party to submit an issue or dispute to arbitration (either by the specific terms
of this agreement or some other written agreement between the parties), neither
party can be compelled to submit a dispute to arbitration. The following rules
and procedures will govern any arbitration proceeding agreed to between the
parties:

                     14.2.1 PLACE OF ARBITRATION. All arbitration proceedings
between the parties will be conducted in Chicago, Illinois.

                     14.2.2 RULES AND ADMINISTRATION OF PROCEEDING. Except as
specifically modified by the terms of this agreement, any arbitration proceeding
will be conducted in accordance with the rules and procedures of the CPR. To the
extent the terms of this agreement conflict with said rules, the terms of this
agreement will prevail.

                     14.2.3 CLAIMS AND DISPUTES INVOLVING LESS THAN $250,000.
Claims involving disputed amounts less than $250,000 (whether the amount is
raised in the dispute or in a counterclaim) will be heard before a single
arbitrator selected in accordance with Section 14.2.5, below. The hearing on the
merits of the parties' claims and defenses will be conducted within 60 days of
the appointment of the arbitrator. The parties will be entitled to the following
discovery from each other:

                     (a)       Up to 10 written interrogatories as provided for
                               in Rule 33 of the Federal Rules of Civil
                               Procedure except that responses to any such
                               interrogatories will be served within 30 days of
                               service of the interrogatories;

                     (b)       Up to 10 requests for production of documents and
                               things and for inspection as provided for in Rule
                               34 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure except
                               that responses, including the requested materials
                               to be produced, will be served and/or produced
                               within 45 days of service of the requests;


                                       49
<PAGE>
                     (c)       Requests for Admission as provided for in Rule 36
                               of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure except
                               that responses to any such requests will be
                               served within 20 days of service of the requests;
                               and,

                     (d)       Any other discovery agreed upon by the parties or
                               ordered or directed by the arbitrator.

                     The arbitrator may on the motion of a party or on their own
                     establish different schedules for responding to discovery.

                     14.2.4 CLAIMS AND DISPUTES INVOLVING $250,000 OR MORE.
Claims involving disputed amounts of $250,000 or more (whether that amount is
raised in the dispute or in a counterclaim) will be heard before the
three-arbitrator panel selected in accordance with Section 14.2.5, below. The
parties will be entitled to the following discovery from each other:

                     (a)       Up to 15 written interrogatories as provided for
                               in Rule 33 of the Federal Rules of Civil
                               Procedure;

                     (b)       Up to 20 requests for production of documents and
                               things and for inspection as provided for in Rule
                               34 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure;

                     (c)       Requests for Admission as provided for in Rule 36
                               of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure;

                     (d)       Deposition testimony from up to 5 witnesses who
                               are representatives of the other party, plus any
                               expert witnesses of the other party, as provided
                               for in Rule 30 of the Federal Rules of Civil
                               Procedure, except if the claim is in excess of
                               $1,000,000 the parties will be entitled to a
                               reasonable number of depositions; and

                     (e)       Any other discovery agreed upon by the parties or
                               ordered or directed by the arbitration panel.

All discovery disputes and other preliminary matters will be decided by the
arbitration panel.

                     14.2.5 SELECTION OF ARBITRATORS. Arbitrators will be
selected from the CPR's National Roster within 10 Business Days of the CPR
providing a list of potential arbitrators to the parties. Each arbitrator will
serve strictly in a neutral capacity. Each arbitrator will disclose any facts
that might bear upon his or her ability to serve in a neutral capacity to both
parties. Any challenges as to the neutrality of an arbitrator will be resolved


                                       50
<PAGE>
in accordance with the rules and procedures of the CPR. The following procedures
will govern the selection process:

                     (a) In matters requiring a single arbitrator, the selection
of the arbitrator will be in accordance with CPR's rules and procedures.

                     (b) In matters requiring a panel of three arbitrators, the
CPR will submit to the parties a list of 9 qualified potential arbitrators from
its National Roster. If any of the initial 9 potential arbitrators cannot serve
because of a conflict or other reason, the CPR will supplement the list so that
the parties have a total of 9 potential arbitrators from which to select the
panel of 3 arbitrators. Each party will be entitled to strike 3 names from the
list provided. Strikes will be made on alternating basis, with the original
claimant making the first strike, followed by the respondent until each party
has used all 3 of its strikes. The 3 persons not stricken will serve as
arbitrators. Within 5 Business Days of their appointment, the arbitrators will
select the chairman of the panel and provide notice of such selection to the CPR
and the parties. If a vacancy on the panel arises for any reason, a replacement
arbitrator will be selected in accordance with CPR's rules and procedures.

                     14.2.6 FINAL AWARD. The final award of the arbitrator or
panel of arbitrators, as the case may be, will be in writing, signed by the
arbitrators, and will state the basis for the decision. In proceedings involving
a single arbitrator, the final award will be made within 30 days of the close of
the hearing. In proceedings involving a panel of three arbitrators, the final
award will be made within 30 days of the close of the hearing. The final award
will be confidential, except that to the extent necessary to enforce its terms,
either party may obtain a judgment on the award in any state or federal court of
competent jurisdiction.

           14.3 INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. Notwithstanding any other provision in this
Agreement, arbitration may not be used regarding any issue for which injunctive
or similar equitable relief is sought by either party. No arbitrator is vested
with authority or jurisdiction to award an injunction or similar equitable
relief without the express written consent of the parties directed to the
arbitration proceeding.

           26. NOTICES [NEW AND ADDM II, SS.16; REVISED BY THIS ADDENDUM]. (a)
Section 17.1 is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                     17.1 NOTICES. (a) Any notice, payment, invoice, demand or
           communication required or permitted to be given by any provision of
           this agreement must be in writing and mailed (certified or registered
           mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested), sent by hand or
           overnight courier, charges prepaid or sent by facsimile or email (in
           either instance with acknowledgement or read receipt received), and
           addressed as described below, or to any other address or number as
           the person or entity may from time to time specify by written notice
           to the other parties. Sprint PCS may give notice of changes to a


                                       51
<PAGE>
           Program Requirement by sending an email that directs Manager to the
           changed Program Requirement on the affiliate intranet website.

                     The subject line of any email notice that purports to amend
           any Program Requirement must read "Program Requirement Change" and
           the first paragraph must indicate (i) which Program Requirement is
           being modified, (ii) what is being modified in the Program
           Requirement, and (iii) when the Program Requirement will take effect.
           The email must also include either a detailed summary of the Program
           Requirement Change or a redline comparison between the old Program
           Requirement and the new Program Requirement.

                     Any notice, demand or communication intended to be notice
           of a breach of an agreement or notice of an Event of Termination
           must:

                               (A) clearly indicate that intent,

                               (B) state the section(s) of the agreements
                     allegedly breached, and

                               (C) be mailed or sent by overnight courier in the
                     manner described in the first paragraph in this section
                     17.1.

                     Manager will promptly give Sprint PCS a copy of any notice
           Manager receives from the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and a
           copy of any notice Manager gives to the Administrative Agent or any
           Lender. Sprint PCS will promptly give Manager a copy of any notice
           that Sprint PCS receives from the Administrative Agent or any Lender
           and a copy of any notice that Sprint PCS gives to the Administrative
           Agent or any Lender.

                     All notices and other communications given to a party in
           accordance with the provisions of this agreement will be deemed to
           have been given when received.

           (b) Paragraph 3 of Addendum IV is deleted. The parties' notice
addresses are as follows:

           For all entities comprising Sprint PCS:

                        Sprint PCS
                        KSOPHH0312
                        6180 Sprint Parkway
                        Overland Park, KS  66251
                        Telephone: 913-315-6409
                        Telecopier:  913-523-0539
                        Email:     David.B.Bottoms@mail.sprint.com
                        Attention: Vice President of Strategic Partnerships


                                       52
<PAGE>
              with a copy to:

                        Sprint Law Department
                        KSOPHT0101-Z2020
                        6391 Sprint Parkway
                        Overland Park, KS  66251
                        Telephone:  913-315-9315
                        Telecopier:  913-523-9823
                        Email: john.w.chapman@mail.sprint.com
                        Attention: John Chapman

              For Manager:

                        Independent Wireless One Corporation
                        52 Corporate Circle
                        Albany, New York  12203
                        Telephone:  (801) 318-7244
                        Telecopier:  (518) 218-0523
                        Email:  bretcloward@aol.com
                        Attention:  Bret Cloward

              with a copy to:

                        Independent Wireless One Corporation
                        Legal Department
                        52 Corporate Circle
                        Albany, New York  12203
                        Telephone:  (518) 862-6003
                        Telecopier:  (518) 218-0523
                        Email:  mike.cusack@usunwired.com
                        Attention:  Michael Cusack

                     and with copies to the following individuals' email
           addresses if a notice of a Program Requirement Change is sent by
           email:

                               Drew DiNovo
                               Email:  andrew.dinovo@usunwired.com

           27. FORCE MAJEURE [NEW]. Section 17.9.3 is amended and restated in
its entirety to read as follows:

                     Neither Manager nor Sprint PCS, as the case may be, is in
           breach of any covenant in this agreement, and no Event of Termination
           will occur as a result of the failure of such party to comply with
           any covenant, if the party's non-compliance with the covenant results
           primarily from:

                                       53
<PAGE>
                                          (i) any FCC order or any other
                               injunction that any governmental authority issues
                               that impedes the party's ability to comply with
                               the covenant,

                                          (ii) the failure of any governmental
                               authority to grant any consent, approval, waiver
                               or authorization or any delay on the part of any
                               governmental authority in granting any consent,
                               approval, waiver or authorization,

                                          (iii) the failure of any vendor to
                               deliver in a timely manner any equipment or
                               service, or

                                          (iv) any act of God, act of war or
                               insurrection, riot, fire, accident, explosion,
                               labor unrest, strike, civil unrest, work
                               stoppage, condemnation or any similar cause or
                               event not reasonably within the control of the
                               party.

           28. GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION AND CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS
[ADDM IV, SS.2; REVISED BY THIS ADDENDUM]. Section 17.12 of the Management
Agreement is replaced with the following language:

           17.12  GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION AND CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS.

                     17.12.1 GOVERNING LAW. The internal laws of the State of
Kansas (without regard to principles of conflicts of law) govern the validity of
this agreement, the construction of its terms, and the interpretation of the
rights and duties of the parties. The substantive laws and the procedural laws
of the State of Kansas will apply to an arbitration proceeding conducted under
section 14.2, except to the extent a CPR rule or procedure applies.

                     17.12.2 JURISDICTION; CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS.

                               (a) Each party hereby irrevocably and
                     unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to
                     the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any Kansas State court
                     sitting in the County of Johnson or any Federal court of
                     the United States of America sitting in the District of
                     Kansas, and any appellate court from any such court, in any
                     suit action or proceeding arising out of or relating to
                     this agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of any
                     judgment, and each party hereby irrevocably and
                     unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any
                     such suit, action or proceeding may be heard and determined
                     in such Kansas State court or, to the extent permitted by
                     law, in such Federal court.

                               (b) Each party hereby irrevocably and
                     unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may
                     legally do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter
                     have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or
                     proceeding arising out of or relating to this agreement in


                                       54
<PAGE>
                     Kansas State court sitting in the County of Johnson or any
                     Federal court sitting in the District of Kansas. Each party
                     hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted
                     by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the
                     maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding in any such
                     court and further waives the right to object, with respect
                     to such suit, action or proceeding, that such court does
                     not have jurisdiction over such party.

                               (c) Each party irrevocably consents to service of
                     process in the manner provided for the giving of notices
                     pursuant to this agreement, provided that such service
                     shall be deemed to have been given only when actually
                     received by such party. Nothing in this agreement shall
                     affect the right of a party to serve process in another
                     manner permitted by law.

           29. TRANSFER OF SPECTRUM [ADDM II, SS.18]. Section 17.15.5 is amended
to read as follows:

                               17.15.5 TRANSFER OF SPRINT PCS NETWORK. Sprint
           PCS may sell, transfer or assign the Sprint PCS Network and any of
           the Licenses, including its rights and obligations under this
           agreement, the Services Agreement and any related agreements, to a
           third party without Manager's consent so long as the third party
           assumes the rights and obligations under this agreement and the
           Services Agreement. Manager agrees that Sprint PCS and Sprint PCS'
           Related Parties will be released from any and all obligations under
           and with respect to any and all such agreements upon such sale,
           transfer or assignment in accordance with this section 17.15.5,
           without the need for Manager to execute any document to effect such
           release.

           30. FEDERAL CONTRACTOR COMPLIANCE [ADDM I, SS.9; REVISED BY THIS
ADDENDUM]. Exhibit B to Addendum I is replaced with Exhibit A that is attached
to this Addendum V and incorporated by this reference.

           31. YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE [ADDM I, SS.10]. A new section 17.29 is
added to the Management Agreement:

                     17.29 YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE. If the Service Area Network or
           any system used to support the Service Area Network fails to satisfy
           the Sprint PCS requirements for "Year 2000 Compliance" due to defects
           or failures in any system or equipment selected by Manager (including
           systems or third party vendors and subcontractors selected by Manager
           rather than by Sprint PCS), Manager will, at its own expense, make
           the repairs, replacements or upgrades necessary to correct the
           failure. If the Service Area Network or any system used to support
           the Service Area Network fails to satisfy the Sprint PCS requirements
           for "Year 2000 Compliance" due to defects or failures in any systems
           or equipment selected by Sprint PCS (including systems or equipment
           of third party vendors and subcontractors that Sprint PCS selects and
           requires Manager to use), Sprint PCS will, at its own expense, make
           the repairs, replacements or upgrades necessary to correct the
           failure.

                                       55
<PAGE>
                     "YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE" means the functions, calculations,
           and other computing processes of the Service Area Network
           (collectively "PROCESSES") that perform and otherwise process,
           date-arithmetic, display, print or pass date/time data in a
           consistent manner, regardless of the date in time on which the
           Processes are actually performed or the dates used in such data or
           the nature of the date/time data input, whether before, during or
           after January 1, 2000, and whether or not the date/time data is
           affected by leap years. To the extent any part of the Service Area
           Network is intended to be used in combination with other software,
           hardware or firmware, it will properly exchange date/time data with
           such software, hardware or firmware. The Service Area Network will
           accept and respond to two-digit year-date input, correcting or
           supplementing as necessary, and store, print, display or pass
           date/time data in a manner that is unambiguous as to century. No
           date/time data will cause any part of the Service Area Network to
           perform an abnormally ending routine or function within the Processes
           or generate incorrect final values or invalid results.

                               SERVICES AGREEMENT

           32. NON-EXCLUSIVE SERVICES [NEW]. Section 1.3 of the Services
Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                     1.3 NON-EXCLUSIVE SERVICES. Nothing contained in this
           agreement confers upon Manager an exclusive right to any of the
           Services. Sprint Spectrum may contract with others to provide
           expertise and services identical or similar to those to be made
           available or provided to Manager under this agreement.

           33. CHANGES TO ARTICLE 2 [NEW]. Article 2 of the Services Agreement
is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                                   2. SERVICES

                     2.1 SERVICES.

                               2.1.1 SERVICES. Subject to the terms of this
           agreement, through December 31, 2006, Manager will obtain the
           services set forth on Schedule 2.1.1 attached to this agreement
           ("SERVICES") from Sprint Spectrum in accordance with this section
           2.1, and Sprint Spectrum will provide all or none of the Services.
           For purposes of clarification, as of the Effective Date of Addendum V
           through December 31, 2006, Sprint Spectrum is providing all of the
           Services to Manager and Sprint Spectrum will not provide individual
           Services.

                               The fees charged for the Services and the process
           for setting the fees charged for the Services are set forth in
           section 3.2. Sprint Spectrum may designate additional Services upon
           at least 60 days' prior written notice to Manager by providing an
           amended Schedule 2.1.1 to Manager in accordance with the provisions
           of section 9.1.

                                       56
<PAGE>
                               Without Manager's prior written consent, neither
           Sprint Spectrum nor any of its Related Parties will require Manager
           to pay for:

                               (A) any of those additional CCPU Services or CPGA
           Services to the extent that they are the same as or functionally
           equivalent to any service or benefit that Manager currently receives
           from Sprint Spectrum or its Related Parties or Sprint PCS or its
           Related Parties but for which Manager does not pay a separate fee
           immediately after the Effective Date, or

                               (B) any other additional CCPU Services or CPGA
           Services through December 31, 2006. After that date the fee for those
           other additional Services will be included in the fees for CCPU
           Services and CPGA Services; or

                               (C) Services provided to Manager by a third party
           or self provided, if permitted under the Services Agreement.

                               2.1.2 DISCONTINUANCE OF SERVICES. If Sprint
           Spectrum determines to no longer offer a Service, then Sprint
           Spectrum must

                                          (i) notify Manager in writing a
                               reasonable time before discontinuing the Service,
                               except Sprint will notify Manager at least 9
                               months before Sprint plans to discontinue a
                               significant Service (e.g., billing, collection
                               and customer care).

                                          (ii) discontinue the Service to all
                               Other Managers.

           If Manager determines within 90 days after receipt of notice of
           discontinuance that it wants to continue to receive the Service,
           Sprint Spectrum will use commercially reasonable efforts to:

                                          (a) help Manager provide the Service
                               itself or find another vendor to provide the
                               Service, and

                                          (b) facilitate Manager's transition to
                               the new Service provider.

                               The fees charged by Sprint Spectrum for the CCPU
           Services and CPGA Services will be reduced by any fees payable by
           Manager to a vendor or new Service provider in respect of
           discontinued CCPU Services and CPGA Services, or by Sprint PCS' cost
           of providing the Service if Manager self-provides the discontinued
           Service, if (x) Sprint Spectrum procures such CCPU Services or CPGA
           Services from a vendor or a new Service provider and bills those
           items as Settled-Separately Manager Expenses (as defined in
           subsection 3.2.5 of this agreement), or (y) Manager procures such
           CCPU Services or CPGA Services from a vendor or a new provider of
           Services, or (z) Manager self-provisions the Services. No adjustment
           to the fees will be made if Sprint Spectrum discontinues a CCPU


                                       57
<PAGE>
           Service or CPGA Service and Sprint Spectrum does not provide the CCPU
           Service or CPGA Service to end users.

                               2.1.3 PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES. Sprint Spectrum
           may select the method, location and means of providing the Services.
           If Sprint Spectrum wishes to use Manager's facilities to provide the
           Services, Sprint Spectrum must obtain Manager's prior written
           consent.

                     2.2 THIRD PARTY VENDORS. Some of the Services might be
           provided by third party vendors under arrangements between Sprint
           Spectrum and the third party vendors. In some instances, Manager may
           receive Services from a third party vendor under the same terms and
           conditions that Sprint Spectrum receives those services. In other
           instances, Manager may receive Services under the terms and
           conditions set forth in an agreement between Manager and the third
           party vendor.

                     2.3 CUSTOMER CARE SERVICES OUTSOURCING. Manager may elect
           to outsource all (and not less than all) of its Customer Care
           Services in the manner described on the attached Schedule 2.3 by
           providing Sprint Spectrum notice of such election during the period
           beginning on January 1, 2006 and ending on June 30, 2006, together
           with payment of a $3 million election fee. Upon receiving notice of
           Manager's election and the election fee, the parties agree to abide
           by the terms and conditions set forth on Schedule 2.3.

           34. CHANGES TO ARTICLE 3 [NEW]. (a) Section 11 of Addendum I is
deleted. Additionally, Article 3 of the Services Agreement is amended and
restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                              3. FEES FOR SERVICES

                     3.1 SERVICES. Manager will pay Sprint Spectrum a fee for
           the Services provided by or on behalf of Sprint Spectrum now or in
           the future, subject to Section 2.1.1. Manager may not obtain these
           Services from other sources, except as provided in this agreement.

                               If an accounting classification change has the
           effect of moving a Service from a CCPU Service or CPGA Service to a
           Settled-Separately Manager Expense, the fees for the CCPU Services or
           CPGA Services, as applicable, charged by Sprint Spectrum will be
           reduced by the fees payable by Manager for the new Settled-Separately
           Manager Expense.

                     3.2 FEES FOR SERVICES.

                               3.2.1 INITIAL PRICING PERIOD. The fees Manager
           will pay Sprint Spectrum for the CCPU Services and CPGA Services
           provided to Manager by or on behalf of Sprint Spectrum each month
           from November 1, 2004 until December 31, 2006 ("INITIAL PRICING
           PERIOD"), will be:

                                       58
<PAGE>
                                 (a)  for the CCPU Services:

                                 (i)        from November 1, 2004 through
                                            December 31, 2004, $7.25;

                                 (ii)       from January 1, 2005 through
                                            December 31, 2005, $7.00; and

                                 (iii)      from January 1, 2006 through
                                            December 31, 2006, $6.75;

           each multiplied by the Number of Customers in Manager's Service Area,
           and

                               (b) for the CPGA Services: the Gross Customer
           Additions in Manager's Service Area multiplied by the lesser of (i)
           $23.00 or (ii) the quotient of (A) the amount that Sprint PCS billed
           Manager from January 1, 2004 through September 30, 2004 for Manager's
           activation-related costs, divided by (B) the Gross Customer Additions
           in Manager's Service Area on which the amount billed in clause (A) is
           based. Reciprocal travel rate (excludes toll) of $0.058 per minute of
           use (voice) and $.002 per kilobyte (data) through the end of 2006.

                               The fees will be paid as set forth in section 10
           of the Management Agreement.

                               3.2.2 PRICING PROCESS. The parties will reset the
           CCPU and CPGA amounts to be applied in each pricing period after the
           Initial Pricing Period ends. Each subsequent pricing period will last
           three years (if Manager continues to use Sprint Spectrum or a Related
           Party to provide these Services) with, for example, the second
           pricing period beginning on January 1, 2007 and ending on December
           31, 2009.

                               The process for resetting the amounts is as
           follows:

                               (a) Sprint Spectrum will give Manager proposed
           CCPU and CPGA amounts by October 31 of the calendar year before the
           calendar year in which the then-current pricing period ends (e.g. if
           the pricing period ends on December 31, 2006 then the amounts have to
           be presented by October 31, 2005). The proposed amounts will be based
           on the amount necessary to recover Sprint PCS' reasonable costs for
           providing the CCPU Services and CPGA Services to Manager and the
           Other Managers. Manager's representative and the Sprint PCS
           representative will begin discussions regarding the proposed CCPU and
           CPGA amounts within 20 days after Manager receives the proposed CCPU
           and CPGA amounts from Sprint Spectrum.

                               (b) The fee Manager will pay Sprint Spectrum for
           the CCPU Services provided to Manager by or on behalf of Sprint
           Spectrum each month beginning on January 1, 2007 until December 31,


                                       59
<PAGE>
           2008 under the pricing process described in this section 3.2.2 will
           not exceed $8.50 per subscriber multiplied by the Number of Customers
           in Manager's Service Area.

                               (c) If the parties do not agree on new CCPU and
           CPGA amounts within 30 days after the discussions begin, then Manager
           may escalate the discussion to the Sprint PCS Chief Financial Officer
           or Sprint Spectrum may escalate the discussion to Manager's Chief
           Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer.

                               (d) If the parties cannot agree on the new CCPU
           and CPGA amounts through the escalation process within 20 days after
           the escalation process begins, then Manager may either

                                          (i) submit the determination of the
                               CCPU and CPGA amounts to binding arbitration
                               under section 7.2 of this agreement, excluding
                               the negotiation process set forth in section 7.1
                               and continue obtaining all of the CCPU Services
                               and CPGA Services from Sprint Spectrum at the
                               CCPU and CPGA amounts the arbitrator determines,
                               or

                                          (ii) procure from a vendor other than
                               Sprint Spectrum or self-provision all of the
                               Services.

                               Manager has the right to propose to Sprint
           Spectrum that Manager self-provision or procure from a vendor some,
           but not all, of the Services. Sprint Spectrum will discuss the
           proposal with Manager, but Manager can only self-provision or procure
           from a vendor some of the Services if Sprint Spectrum agrees.

                               Manager will begin paying Sprint Spectrum under
           the CCPU and CPGA amounts that Sprint Spectrum presents for
           discussion at the beginning of the new pricing period until the date
           on which the parties agree or until the arbitrator determines the new
           CCPU and CPGA amounts, whichever occurs first. Within 30 days after
           the amounts are determined (either by agreement or by arbitration),
           Sprint PCS will recalculate the fees from the beginning of the new
           pricing period and give notice to Manager of what the fees are and
           the amount of any adjusting payments required. If Sprint PCS owes
           Manager a refund of fees already paid, Sprint PCS may pay the amount
           to Manager or Sprint PCS, in its sole discretion, may credit the
           amount of the refund against any amounts Manager then owes to Sprint
           PCS. If Sprint PCS chooses to pay the refund, it will make the
           payment at the time it sends the notice to Manager. If Sprint PCS
           chooses to credit the refund, it will in the notice indicate the
           amounts owing to which the credit will be applied. If Manager owes
           Sprint PCS additional fees Manager will pay those fees to Sprint PCS
           within 10 days after receipt of the notice.

                               3.2.3 CUSTOMER-RELATED SERVICES. By December 1,
           2006, the parties will agree on a service level agreement for
           customer care services and collection services ("CUSTOMER-RELATED


                                       60
<PAGE>
           SERVICES") that will apply to Customer-Related Services delivered by
           Sprint Spectrum starting on January 1, 2007. If the parties cannot
           agree on a service level agreement by December 1, 2006, either party
           may submit a proposed service level agreement to binding arbitration
           under section 7.2 of this agreement, excluding the negotiation
           process set forth in section 7.1. If the arbitration concludes after
           January 1, 2007 the service level agreement, as agreed upon through
           the arbitration process, will be effective as of January 1, 2007. The
           agreement will set forth 5 metrics for Customer-Related Services and
           will provide that Sprint Spectrum will use commercially reasonable
           efforts to meet the industry averages for those metrics as in effect
           on December 1, 2006. The 5 metrics are:

           (a)        Service Grade Rate defined as percentage of calls answered
                      in 60 seconds or less after the customer enters the call
                      queue.

           (b)        Average Hold Time defined as average time a customer waits
                      to talk to a customer service representative once the
                      customer enters the call queue.

           (c)        Abandoned Call Rate defined as the percentage of calls
                      that disconnect prior to talking to a customer service
                      representative after the customer enters the call queue.

           (d)        Net Write-Offs Rate defined as monthly write-offs of
                      accounts receivable, net of customer deposits, divided by
                      monthly subscriber revenue.

           (e)        Past-Due Accounts Receivable Aging Rates defined as
                      percentage of accounts receivable greater than 60 days
                      from due date.

                               The service level agreement will provide that
           Sprint Spectrum will give Manager a quarterly report on the above
           metrics. Beginning in 2008, Manager will have the right to opt out of
           Sprint Spectrum providing the Customer Related Services if the
           average of the metrics reflected in the four quarterly reports for
           the prior calendar year indicate that Sprint Spectrum is not in
           compliance with any 2 of the 5 metrics. To exercise the opt-out
           right, Manager must give its opt-out notice to Sprint Spectrum during
           the first quarter of any calendar year that Manager has an opt-out
           right. Upon receipt of an opt-out notice, Manager and Sprint Spectrum
           will use commercially reasonable efforts to transition the
           Customer-Related Services to Manager or a third party vendor within 9
           months after the opt-out notice date. Upon the parties' completion of
           the transition, the parties will agree to an adjustment to the CCPU
           Service Fee being charged by Sprint Spectrum to Manager. If the
           parties cannot agree to an adjustment, Manager has the right to
           submit the determination to binding arbitration under section 7.2 of
           this agreement, excluding the negotiation process set forth in
           section 7.1, and continue obtaining all the CPGA Services and
           remaining CCPU services from Sprint Spectrum. Manager will reimburse
           Sprint Spectrum for transition and continuing operation costs in
           accordance with Section 3.2.4.


                                       61
<PAGE>
                               Manager's opt-out right described above is its
           sole remedy if Sprint Spectrum is not in compliance with the metrics;
           Sprint Spectrum's non-compliance with the metrics does not constitute
           a breach of this agreement or any other agreement between the
           parties. After December 31, 2006, (i) to the extent that Sprint
           Spectrum recovers any penalties or other remuneration from a third
           party service provider resulting from its failure to meet performance
           metrics established by Sprint Spectrum and such third party service
           provider, Sprint Spectrum will pay Manager its pro rata portion of
           the net recovery amount, based on an appropriate unit of measurement,
           and (ii) to the extent that Sprint Spectrum has to pay any incentive
           or other remuneration to a third party service provider resulting
           from the third party service provider exceeding the performance
           metrics established by Sprint Spectrum and such third party service
           provider, Sprint Spectrum will increase the amount Manager must pay
           to Sprint Spectrum by Manager's pro rata portion of the net paid
           amount, based on an appropriate unit of measurement.

                               3.2.4 TRANSITION AND CONTINUING OPERATING COSTS.
           Sprint Spectrum will cooperate with Manager and work diligently and
           in good faith to implement the transition of Services to another
           service provider (including Manager, if applicable), in a reasonably
           efficient and expeditious manner.

                               Manager will pay for all reasonable out-of-pocket
           costs that Sprint Spectrum and its Related Parties actually incur to
           (i) transfer any Service(s) provided to Manager to a third party
           vendor or to enable Manager to self-provide any Service(s), and (ii)
           operate and maintain systems, processes, licenses and equipment to
           support those Services. Sprint Spectrum will bill Manager monthly for
           these costs.

                               Upon the parties' completion of the transition of
           any Service, if such Service is transitioned to a third party, the
           fee for the CCPU Service shall be reduced by the amount Manager is
           required to pay the third party for such Service, or, if such Service
           is provided by Manager, the fee for the CCPU Service shall be reduced
           by the amount of Sprint PCS' cost of providing such Service.

                               3.2.5 SETTLED-SEPARATELY MANAGER EXPENSES.
           Manager will pay to or reimburse Sprint Spectrum for any amounts that
           Sprint Spectrum or its Related Parties pays for Settled-Separately
           Manager Expenses. "SETTLED-SEPARATELY MANAGER EXPENSES" means those
           items the parties choose to settle separately between themselves
           (e.g. accessory margins, reciprocal retail store cost recovery) that
           are listed in sections C and D of Schedule 2.1.1.

                               Sprint Spectrum will give Manager at least 60
           days' prior written notice by providing an amended Schedule 2.1.1 to
           Manager in accordance with the provisions of section 9.1 of any
           additional Services added to sections C and D of Schedule 2.1.1, but
           no additional service may be added to the extent it is the same as,
           or functionally equivalent to, either:


                                       62
<PAGE>
                                          (a) any service that Sprint Spectrum
                     or any of its Related Parties currently provides to
                     Manager as a CCPU Service or a CPGA Service (unless the
                     fees payable by Manager to Sprint Spectrum hereunder are
                     correspondingly reduced) or

                                          (b) any service or benefit that
                     Manager currently receives from Sprint Spectrum or its
                     Related Parties but for which Manager does not pay a
                     separate fee before the Effective Date.

                               For each Settled-Separately Manager Expense,
           Sprint Spectrum will provide sufficient detail to enable Manager to
           determine how the expense was calculated, including the unit of
           measurement (e.g., per subscriber per month or per call) and the
           record of the occurrences generating the expense (e.g., the number of
           calls attributable to the expense). If an expense is not reasonably
           subject to occurrence level detail, Sprint Spectrum will provide
           reasonable detail on the process used to calculate the fee and the
           process must be reasonable. A detail or process is reasonable if it
           is substantially in the form as is customarily used in the wireless
           industry. The Settled-Separately Manager Expenses will be paid as set
           forth in section 10 of the Management Agreement. Sprint Spectrum and
           its Related Parties may arrange for Manager to pay any of the
           Settled-Separately Manager Expenses directly to the vendor after
           giving Manager reasonable notice.

                               Unless Manager specifically agrees otherwise, any
           Settled-Separately Manager Expense that Sprint Spectrum or any of its
           Related Parties is entitled to charge or pass through to Manager
           under this agreement or the Management Agreement will reflect solely
           out-of-pocket costs and expenses that Sprint Spectrum or its Related
           Parties actually incur, will be usage-based or directly related to
           revenue-generating products and services, and will not include any
           allocation of Sprint PCS' or its Related Parties' internal costs or
           expenses (including, but not limited to, allocations of general and
           administrative expenses or allocations of employee compensation or
           related expenses). For clarity, Sprint Spectrum's or its Related
           Parties' out-of-pocket costs for handset and accessory inventory
           consist of actual inventory invoice costs less any volume incentive
           rebates and price protection credits that Sprint Spectrum or its
           Related Parties receive from a vendor.

                     3.3 LATE PAYMENTS. Any payment due under this section 3
           that Manager fails to pay to Sprint Spectrum in accordance with this
           agreement will bear interest at the Default Rate beginning (and
           including) the 6th day after the due date stated on the invoice until
           (and including) the date on which the payment is made.

                     3.4 TAXES. Manager will pay or reimburse Sprint Spectrum
           for any sales, use, gross receipts or similar tax, administrative
           fee, telecommunications fee or surcharge for taxes or fees that a


                                       63
<PAGE>
           governmental authority levies on the fees and charges that Manager
           pays to Sprint Spectrum or a Related Party.

           35.AUDIT [NEW]. Section 5.1.3 of the Services Agreement is deleted.
Section 5.1.2 of the Services Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety
to read as follows:

                     5.1.2 AUDITS. On reasonable advance notice by one party,
           the other party must provide its independent or internal auditors
           access to its appropriate financial and operating records, including,
           without limitation, vendor and distribution agreements, for purposes
           of auditing the amount of fees (including the appropriateness of
           items included in Settled-Separately Manager Expenses), costs,
           expenses (including operating metrics referred to in this agreement
           and the Services Agreement relating to or used in the determination
           of Inter Service Area Fees, Reseller Customer Fees, CCPU Services or
           CPGA Services and any other data relied upon by Manager relating to
           or used in the determination of any fees, costs, expenses or charges
           payable by Manager under this agreement) or other charges payable in
           connection with the Service Area for the period audited. The party
           that requested the audit may decide if the audit is conducted by the
           other party's independent or internal auditors. Manager and Sprint
           Spectrum may each request no more than one audit per year.

                               (a) If the audit shows that Sprint Spectrum was
                     underpaid then, unless the amount is contested, Manager
                     will pay to Sprint Spectrum the amount of the underpayment
                     within 10 Business Days after Sprint Spectrum gives Manager
                     written notice of the underpayment determination.

                               (b) If the audit determines that Sprint Spectrum
                     was overpaid then, unless the amount is contested, Sprint
                     Spectrum will pay to Manager the amount of the overpayment
                     within 10 Business Days after Manager gives Sprint Spectrum
                     written notice of the overpayment determination.

                     The auditing party will pay all costs and expenses related
           to the audit unless the amount owed to the audited party is reduced
           by more than 10% or the amount owed by the audited party is increased
           by more than 10%, in which case the audited party will pay the costs
           and expenses related to the audit.

                     If either party disputes the auditor's conclusion then the
           dispute will be submitted to binding arbitration in accordance with
           section 7.2 of this agreement, excluding the negotiation process set
           forth in section 7.1 of this agreement.

                     Sprint Spectrum will provide a Type II Report to Manager
           twice annually. If Manager, on the advice of its independent auditors
           or its legal counsel, determines that a statute, regulation, rule,
           judicial decision or interpretation, or audit or accounting rule, or
           policy published by the accounting or auditing profession or other
           authoritative rule making body (such as the Securities and Exchange


                                       64
<PAGE>
           Commission, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board or the
           Financial Accounting Standards Board) requires additional assurances
           beyond SAS 70, then Sprint Spectrum will reasonably cooperate with
           Manager to provide the additional assurances or other information
           reasonably requested by Manager so that it can satisfy its
           obligations under such statute, regulation, rule, judicial decision
           or interpretation, or audit or accounting rule, or policy published
           by the accounting or auditing profession or other authoritative rule
           making body. Sprint Spectrum's independent auditors will prepare any
           Type II Report or Manager Management Report provided under this
           section 5.1.2 and will provide an opinion on the controls placed in
           operation and tests of operating effectiveness of those controls in
           effect at Sprint Spectrum over Manager Management Processes.

           36. DISPUTE RESOLUTION [NEW]. Section 7 of the Services Agreement is
hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language:

           7.1 NEGOTIATION. The parties will attempt in good faith to resolve
any issue, dispute, or controversy arising out of or relating to this agreement
by negotiation. The following procedures will apply to any such negotiations:

                     7.1.1 NOTICE. A party commences the negotiation process by
giving the other party written notice of any dispute not resolved in the
ordinary course of business. The notice will expressly state that the notifying
party is commencing the negotiation process provided for in this section;
identify the issues and the amounts in dispute; and, will be delivered in
accordance with section 9.1 of this agreement.

                     7.1.2 MEETING. Within 10 days after delivery of the written
notice commencing the negotiation process, representatives of both parties will
meet in a manner and at a time and place that is mutually acceptable to the
representatives involved for the purpose of exchanging relevant information and
in an effort to resolve the disputes.

                     7.1.3 REPRESENTATIVES. Each party's representative(s) at
any meeting conducted pursuant to this section 7.1 will have authority to
resolve the dispute(s) identified in the notice, except (i) with respect to
Sprint the representative will be at least a vice-president of Sprint PCS,
Sprint United Management Company or Sprint Corporation if the dispute is one
that would require approval of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive
Officer, President or Chief Financial Office of Sprint Corporation under the
then existing fiscal authorization policies of Sprint Corporation and (ii) with
respect to Manager the representative will be at least a vice-president of
Manager if the dispute is one that would require approval of the Board of
Directors. If a party's representative intends to be accompanied at any meeting
by an attorney, the other party will be given not less than 3 days' notice of
such intention and may also be accompanied by an attorney.


                                       65
<PAGE>
                     7.1.4 TERMINATION OF PROCESS. In the event that a dispute
is not resolved at the initial meeting of the parties' representatives, the
parties may agree to continue the negotiation process by scheduling additional
meetings and/or including additional representatives. However, at any time after
the first meeting or if the other party refuses to meet, either party may
terminate the negotiation process by delivery of written notice to that effect
to the other party in accordance with section 9.1 of this agreement.

                     7.1.5 NEGOTIATIONS NOT EVIDENCE. Any and all communications
and negotiations between the parties pursuant to this section 7.1 are
Confidential Information of both of the parties and will be treated as
negotiations of settlement and compromise as provided for in the Federal Rules
of Evidence or any state's rules of evidence. The substance of any such
communications and negotiations are not to be tendered or introduced into
evidence in any proceeding or litigation between the parties regarding the
subject disputes.

           7.2 ARBITRATION/LITIGATION. With respect to any claim or dispute,
either party will continue to operate under this agreement and may file suit in
a court of competent jurisdiction or commence an arbitration proceeding in
accordance with the terms of this agreement. Absent the express agreement of a
party to submit an issue or dispute to arbitration (either by the specific terms
of this agreement or some other written agreement between the parties), neither
party can be compelled to submit a dispute to arbitration. The following rules
and procedures will govern any arbitration proceeding agreed to between the
parties:

                     7.2.1 PLACE OF ARBITRATION. All arbitration proceedings
between the parties will be conducted in Chicago, Illinois.

                     7.2.2 RULES AND ADMINISTRATION OF PROCEEDING. Except as
specifically modified by the terms of this agreement, any arbitration proceeding
will be conducted in accordance with the rules and procedures of the CPR. To the
extent the terms of this agreement conflict with said rules, the terms of this
agreement will prevail.

                     7.2.3 CLAIMS AND DISPUTES INVOLVING LESS THAN $250,000.
Claims involving disputed amounts less than $250,000 (whether the amount is
raised in the dispute or in a counterclaim) will be heard before a single
arbitrator selected in accordance with section 7.2.5, below. The hearing on the
merits of the parties' claims and defenses will be conducted within 60 days of
the appointment of the arbitrator. The parties will be entitled to the following
discovery from each other:

                     (a)       Up to 10 written interrogatories as provided for
                               in Rule 33 of the Federal Rules of Civil
                               Procedure except that responses to any such
                               interrogatories will be served within 30 days of
                               service of the interrogatories;


                                       66
<PAGE>
                     (b)       Up to 10 requests for production of documents and
                               things and for inspection as provided for in Rule
                               34 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure except
                               that responses, including the requested materials
                               to be produced, will be served and/or produced
                               within 45 days of service of the requests;

                     (c)       Requests for Admission as provided for in Rule 36
                               of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure except
                               that responses to any such requests will be
                               served within 20 days of service of the requests;
                               and,

                     (d)       Any other discovery agreed upon by the parties or
                               ordered or directed by the arbitrator.

                     The arbitrator may on the motion of a party or on their own
                     establish different schedules for responding to discovery.

                     7.2.4 CLAIMS AND DISPUTES INVOLVING $250,000 OR MORE.
Claims involving disputed amounts of $250,000 or more (whether that amount is
raised in the dispute or in a counterclaim) will be heard before the
three-arbitrator panel selected in accordance with section 7.2.5, below. The
parties will be entitled to the following discovery from each other:

                     (a)       Up to 15 written interrogatories as provided for
                               in Rule 33 of the Federal Rules of Civil
                               Procedure;

                     (b)       Up to 20 requests for production of documents and
                               things and for inspection as provided for in Rule
                               34 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure;

                     (c)       Requests for Admission as provided for in Rule 36
                               of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure;

                     (d)       Deposition testimony from up to 5 witnesses who
                               are representatives of the other party, plus any
                               expert witnesses of the other party, as provided
                               for in Rule 30 of the Federal Rules of Civil
                               Procedure, except if the claim is in excess of
                               $1,000,000 the parties will be entitled to a
                               reasonable number of depositions; and

                     (e)       Any other discovery agreed upon by the parties or
                               ordered or directed by the arbitration panel.

All discovery disputes and other preliminary matters will be decided by the
arbitration panel.

                                       67
<PAGE>
                     7.2.5 SELECTION OF ARBITRATORS. Arbitrators will be
selected from the CPR's National Roster within 10 Business Days of the CPR
providing a list of potential arbitrators to the parties. Each arbitrator will
serve strictly in a neutral capacity. Each arbitrator will disclose any facts
that might bear upon his or her ability to serve in a neutral capacity to both
parties. Any challenges as to the neutrality of an arbitrator will be resolved
in accordance with the rules and procedures of the CPR. The following procedures
will govern the selection process:

                     (a) In matters requiring a single arbitrator, the selection
of the arbitrator will be in accordance with CPR's rules and procedures.

                     (b) In matters requiring a panel of three arbitrators, the
CPR will submit to the parties a list of 9 qualified potential arbitrators from
its National Roster. If any of the initial 9 potential arbitrators cannot serve
because of a conflict or other reason, the CPR will supplement the list so that
the parties have a total of 9 potential arbitrators from which to select the
panel of 3 arbitrators. Each party will be entitled to strike 3 names from the
list provided. Strikes will be made on alternating basis, with the original
claimant making the first strike, followed by the respondent until each party
has used all 3 of its strikes. The 3 persons not stricken will serve as
arbitrators. Within 5 Business Days of their appointment, the arbitrators will
select the chairman of the panel and provide notice of such selection to the CPR
and the parties. If a vacancy on the panel arises for any reason, a replacement
arbitrator will be selected in accordance with CPR's rules and procedures.

                     7.2.6 FINAL AWARD. The final award of the arbitrator or
panel of arbitrators, as the case may be, will be in writing, signed by the
arbitrators, and will state the basis for the decision. In proceedings involving
a single arbitrator, the final award will be made within 30 days of the close of
the hearing. In proceedings involving a panel of three arbitrators, the final
award will be made within 30 days of the close of the hearing. The final award
will be confidential, except that to the extent necessary to enforce its terms,
either party may obtain a judgment on the award in any state or federal court of
competent jurisdiction.

           7.3 INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. Notwithstanding any other provision in this
Agreement, arbitration may not be used regarding any issue for which injunctive
or similar equitable relief is sought by either party. No arbitrator is vested
with authority or jurisdiction to award an injunction or similar equitable
relief without the express written consent of the parties directed to the
arbitration proceeding.

           37. NOTICES [NEW AND ADDENDUM II, SS.16]. Section 9.1 of the Services
Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                     9.1 NOTICES. Any notice, payment, invoice, demand or
           communication required or permitted to be given by any provision of
           this agreement must be in writing and mailed (certified or registered


                                       68
<PAGE>
           mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested), sent by hand or
           overnight courier, charges prepaid or sent by facsimile or email (in
           either instance with acknowledgement or read receipt received), and
           addressed as described in section 17.1(b) of the Management
           Agreement, or to any other address or number as the person or entity
           may from time to time specify by written notice to the other parties.

                     The subject line of any email notice that purports to add
           any additional service to Schedule 2.1.1 must read "Additional
           Service to Schedule 2.1.1". The new Schedule 2.1.1 must also be
           attached to the email, and notice will also be provided to those
           individuals listed for notices for Manager regarding Program
           Requirement Changes set forth in section 17.1(b) of the Management
           Agreement.

                     Any notice, demand or communication intended to be notice
           of a breach of an agreement or notice of an Event of Termination must
           clearly indicate that intent, state the section(s) of the agreements
           allegedly breached, and in addition to any other form of notice it
           must be mailed or sent by overnight courier in the manner described
           in the first paragraph of this section 9.1.

                     Manager will promptly give Sprint Spectrum a copy of any
           notice Manager receives from the Administrative Agent or any Lender,
           and a copy of any notice Manager gives to the Administrative Agent or
           any Lender. Sprint Spectrum will promptly give Manager a copy of any
           notice that Sprint Spectrum receives from the Administrative Agent or
           any Lender and a copy of any notice that Sprint Spectrum gives to the
           Administrative Agent or any Lender.

                     All notices and other communications given to a party in
           accordance with the provisions of this agreement will be deemed to
           have been given when received.

           38. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENTS [NEW]. Section 9.6 of the Services
Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                     9.6 ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENTS. The provisions of this
           agreement and the Management Agreement including the exhibits to
           those agreements set forth the entire agreement and understanding
           between the parties as to the subject matter of this agreement and
           supersede all prior agreements, oral or written, and other
           communications between the parties relating to the subject matter of
           this agreement. Except for Sprint Spectrum's right to add additional
           Services to Schedule 2.1.1 subject to the provisions of section 2.1.1
           and section 3.2.5, this agreement may be modified or amended only by
           a written amendment signed by the persons or entities authorized to
           bind each party.

           39. FORCE MAJEURE [NEW]. The second paragraph of section 9.8 of the
Services Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:


                                       69
<PAGE>
                     Neither Manager nor Sprint Spectrum, as the case may be, is
           in breach of any covenant in this agreement and no Event of
           Termination will occur as a result of the failure of such party to
           comply with any covenant, if the party's non-compliance with the
           covenant results primarily from:

                                          (i) any FCC order or any other
                               injunction that any governmental authority issues
                               that impedes the party's ability to comply with
                               the covenant,

                                          (ii) the failure of any governmental
                               authority to grant any consent, approval, waiver
                               or authorization or any delay on the part of any
                               governmental authority in granting any consent,
                               approval, waiver or authorization,

                                          (iii) the failure of any vendor to
                               deliver in a timely manner any equipment or
                               service, or

                                          (iv) any act of God, act of war or
                               insurrection, riot, fire, accident, explosion,
                               labor unrest, strike, civil unrest, work
                               stoppage, condemnation or any similar cause or
                               event not reasonably within the control of the
                               party.

           40. GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION AND CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS
[ADDM IV, SS.2; REVISED BY THIS ADDENDUM]. Section 9.11 of the Services
Agreement is replaced with the following language:

                     9.11  GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION AND SERVICE OF PROCESS.

                               9.11.1 GOVERNING LAW. The internal laws of the
                     State of Kansas (without regard to principles of conflicts
                     of law) govern the validity of this agreement, the
                     construction of its terms, and the interpretation of the
                     rights and duties of the parties. The substantive laws and
                     the procedural laws of the State of Kansas will apply to an
                     arbitration proceeding conducted under section 7.2, except
                     to the extent a CPR rule or procedure applies.

               9.11.2 JURISDICTION; CONSENT TO SERVICE OF PROCESS.

                                 (a) Each party hereby irrevocably and
                      unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to
                      the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any Kansas State court
                      sitting in the County of Johnson or any Federal court of
                      the United States of America sitting in the District of
                      Kansas, and any appellate court from any such court, in
                      any suit action or proceeding arising out of or relating
                      to this agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of
                      any judgment, and each party hereby irrevocably and
                      unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any
                      such suit, action or proceeding may be heard and


                                       70
<PAGE>
                      determined in such Kansas State court or, to the extent
                      permitted by law, in such Federal court.

                                 (b) Each party hereby irrevocably and
                      unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may
                      legally do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter
                      have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or
                      proceeding arising out of or relating to this agreement in
                      Kansas State court sitting in the County of Johnson or any
                      Federal court sitting in the District of Kansas. Each
                      party hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
                      permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to
                      the maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding in any
                      such court and further waives the right to object, with
                      respect to such suit, action or proceeding, that such
                      court does not have jurisdiction over such party.

                                 (c) Each party irrevocably consents to service
                      of process in the manner provided for the giving of
                      notices pursuant to this agreement, provided that such
                      service shall be deemed to have been given only when
                      actually received by such party. Nothing in this agreement
                      shall affect the right of a party to serve process in
                      another manner permitted by law.

                          TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENTS

           41. NOTICES [NEW]. Section 15.1 of each of the Trademark License
Agreements is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                     Section 15.1. Notices. Any notice, payment, invoice, demand
           or communication required or permitted to be given by any provision
           of this agreement must be in writing and mailed (certified or
           registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested), sent by
           hand or overnight courier, or sent by facsimile or email (in either
           instance with acknowledgment or read receipt received), charges
           prepaid and addressed as described in section 17.1(b) of the
           Management Agreement, or to any other address or number as the person
           or entity may from time to time specify by written notice to the
           other parties.

                     Any notice, demand or communication intended to be notice
           of a breach of an agreement or notice of an Event of Termination must
           clearly indicate that intent, state the section(s) of the agreements
           allegedly breached, and be mailed or sent by overnight courier in the
           manner described in the preceding paragraph.

                     Licensee will promptly give Licensor a copy of any notice
           Licensee receives from any Administrative Agent or any Lender, and a
           copy of any notice Licensee gives to any Administrative Agent or any
           Lender. Licensor will promptly give Licensee a copy of any notice
           that Licensor receives from the Administrative Agent or any Lender
           and a copy of any notice that Licensor gives to the Administrative
           Agent or any Lender.

                                       71
<PAGE>
                     All notices and other communications given to a party in
           accordance with the provisions of this agreement will be deemed to
           have been given when received.

           42. GOVERNING LAW [NEW]. Section 15.8 of each of the Trademark
License Agreements is replaced by the following language:

                     15.8 Governing Law. The internal laws of the State of
           Kansas (without regard to principles of conflicts of law) govern the
           validity of this agreement, the construction of its terms, and the
           interpretation of the rights and duties of the parties.

           43. JURISDICTION [NEW]. Section 15.13 of each of the Trademark
License Agreements is replaced by the following language:

                     15.13     Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process.

                               (a) Each party hereby irrevocably and
           unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the
           nonexclusive jurisdiction of any Kansas State court sitting in the
           County of Johnson or any Federal court of the United States of
           America sitting in the District of Kansas, and any appellate court
           from any such court, in any suit action or proceeding arising out of
           or relating to this agreement, or for recognition or enforcement of
           any judgment, and each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
           agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or
           proceeding may be heard and determined in such Kansas State court or,
           to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court.

                               (b) Each party hereby irrevocably and
           unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally do so,
           any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of
           venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to
           this agreement in Kansas State court sitting in the County of Johnson
           or any Federal court sitting in the District of Kansas. Each party
           hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
           the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such suit,
           action or proceeding in any such court and further waives the right
           to object, with respect to such suit, action or proceeding, that such
           court does not have jurisdiction over such party.

                               (c) Each party irrevocably consents to service of
           process in the manner provided for the giving of notices pursuant to
           this agreement, provided that such service shall be deemed to have
           been given only when actually received by such party. Nothing in this
           agreement shall affect the right of a party to serve process in
           another manner permitted by law.

                             SCHEDULE OF DEFINITIONS

           44. DELETED AND REPLACED DEFINITIONS [ADDM I, SS.2 AND NEW]. The
definition of "Available Services" is deleted, and the definition of "Service
Area Network" is replaced with the definition provided in paragraph 45 of this
Addendum V.

                                       72
<PAGE>
           45. ADDITIONAL, AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED DEFINITIONS [NEW]. The
following are new or amended definitions, unless otherwise indicated.

                      "ALLOCABLE SOFTWARE FEE" has the meaning set forth in
           section 1.3.4(e) of the Management Agreement.

                      "ALLOCATED WRITE-OFFS" has the meaning set forth in
           section 10.3.4 of the Management Agreement.

                      "AMOUNT BILLED (NET OF CUSTOMER CREDITS)" has the meaning
           set forth in section 10.3.3 of the Management Agreement.

                      "AT&T ARRANGEMENT" has the meaning set forth in section
           3.5.2(c) of the Management Agreement.

                     "AWAY NETWORK" means:

                                          (i) any portion of the Sprint PCS
                               Network other than Manager's Service Area
                               Network, in the case of Customers with an NPA-NXX
                               assigned to the Service Area (or any other such
                               designation in accordance with section 17.17 of
                               the Management Agreement), and

                                          (ii) Manager's Service Area Network,
                               in the case of Customers with an NPA-NXX assigned
                               to an area outside the Service Area (or any other
                               such designation in accordance with section 17.17
                               of the Management Agreement).

                      "BILLED COMPONENT(S)" has the meaning set forth in section
           10.3.2 of the Management Agreement.

                      "BILLED MONTH" has the meaning set forth in section 10.2.1
           of the Management Agreement.

                      "BILLED REVENUE" has the meaning set forth in section
           10.2.1 of the Management Agreement.

                      "CAPITAL PROGRAM REQUIREMENT CHANGE" has the meaning set
           forth in section 9.3.1(b) of the Management Agreement.

                      "CCPU SERVICES" means those Services listed in section A
           of Schedule 2.1.1 to the Services Agreement.

                      "CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF SPRINT PCS", "SPRINT PCS CHIEF
           FINANCIAL OFFICER" and other references to the Chief Financial
           Officer of Sprint PCS mean the Senior Vice President - Finance of
           Sprint Corporation designated to serve as the chief financial officer
           of Sprint PCS or if none, the individual serving in that capacity.


                                       73
<PAGE>
                      "CPGA SERVICES" means those Services listed in section B
           of Schedule 2.1.1 to the Services Agreement.

                      "CPR" means the Center for Public Resources Institute for
           Dispute Resolution.

                      "CSA" has the meaning set forth in section 10.2.1 of the
           Management Agreement.

                      "CUSTOMER" means any customer, except Reseller Customers
           or customers of third parties for which Manager provides solely
           switching services, who purchases Sprint PCS Products and Services,
           regardless of where their NPA-NXX is assigned.

                      "CUSTOMER CARE SERVICES" has the meaning set forth in
           Schedule 2.3 of the Services Agreement.

                      "CUSTOMER CREDITS" has the meaning set forth in section
           10.2.1 of the Management Agreement.

                      "CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT CHARGES" has the meaning set forth in
           section 10.3.2.5 of the Management Agreement.

                      "CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT CREDITS" has the meaning set forth in
           section 10.3.2.2 of the Management Agreement.

                      "CUSTOMER-RELATED SERVICES" has the meaning set forth in
           section 3.2.2 of the Services Agreement.

                      "CUSTOMER TAXES" means the amounts that Sprint PCS bills
           to Manager Accounts for taxes, including, without limitation,
           federal, state, and local sales, use, gross and excise tax.

                      "EFFECTIVE DATE" has the meaning set forth in the preamble
           of this Addendum.

                      "ENTERPRISE VALUE" means either:

                     (i) if the entity has issued publicly-traded equity, the
           combined book value of the entity's outstanding debt and preferred
           stock less cash plus the fair market value of each class of its
           publicly-traded equity other than any publicly-traded preferred
           stock. For the purposes of this definition, the fair market value of
           a class of the entity's publicly-traded equity (other than
           publicly-traded preferred stock) is equal to the product of:


                                       74
<PAGE>
                                          (A) the number of issued and
                               outstanding shares of the class of
                               publicly-traded equity as of the date of
                               determination, times

                                          (B) the applicable average closing
                               price (or average closing bid, if traded on the
                               over-the-counter market) per share of the class
                               of publicly-traded equity over the 21 consecutive
                               trading days immediately preceding the date of
                               determination; or

                     (ii) if the entity does not have issued publicly-traded
           equity, the combined book value of the entity's outstanding debt and
           equity less cash.

                      "E911 PHASE I SURCHARGES" means all costs related to Phase
           I E911 functionality.

                      "E911 PHASE II SURCHARGES" has the meaning set forth in
           section 10.3.2.6 of the Management Agreement.

                      "ETC" has the meaning set forth in section 10.6.1 of the
           Management Agreement.

                      "EXISTING RESALE ARRANGEMENTS" has the meaning set forth
           in section 3.5.2(a) of the Management Agreement.

                      "FEE BASED ON BILLED REVENUE" has the meaning set forth in
           section 10.2.1 of the Management Agreement.

                      "GROSS CUSTOMER ADDITIONS IN MANAGER'S SERVICE AREA" means
           the average number of Customers activated (without taking into
           consideration the number of Customers lost) during the previous month
           with an NPA-NXX assigned to the Service Area as reported in Sprint
           PCS' most recent monthly KPI report. For purposes of clarification,
           upgraded Customers are not included in the calculation of Gross
           Customer Additions in Manager's Service Area.

                      "INITIAL 3G DATA FEE PERIOD" has the meaning set forth in
           section 10.4.1.3(a) of the Management Agreement.

                      "INITIAL PRICING PERIOD" has the meaning set forth in
           section 3.2.1 of the Services Agreement.

                      "INTER SERVICE AREA FEE" has the meaning set forth in
           section 4.3 of the Management Agreement.

                      "INTER SERVICE AREA 3G DATA FEE" means the fee for use of
           the Sprint PCS Network and the Service Area Network for 3G data
           (except by Reseller Customers) as determined in section 10.4.1.3 of
           the Management Agreement.

                                       75
<PAGE>
                      "INTER SERVICE AREA VOICE AND 2G DATA FEE" means the fee
           for use of the Sprint PCS Network and the Service Area Network for
           voice and 2G data (except by Reseller Customers) as determined in
           section 10.4.1.2 of the Management Agreement.

                      "INVESTMENT BANKER" has the meaning set forth in section
           9.3.2 of the Management Agreement.

                      "MANAGER ACCOUNTS" has the meaning set forth in section
           10.2.1 of the Management Agreement.

                      "MANAGER MANAGEMENT PROCESS" has the meaning set forth in
           section 12.1.2 of the Management Agreement.

                      "MANAGER MANAGEMENT REPORT" has the meaning set forth in
           section 12.1.2 of the Management Agreement.

                      "NET BILLED REVENUE" has the meaning set forth in section
           10.2.1 of the Management Agreement.

                      "NEW COVERAGE" means the build-out in the Service Area
           that is in addition to the build-out required under the then-existing
           Build-out Plan, which build-out Sprint PCS or Manager decides should
           be built-out.

                      "NEW RESALE ARRANGEMENTS" has the meaning set forth in
           section 3.5.2(b) of the Management Agreement.

                      "NON-CAPITAL PROGRAM REQUIREMENT CHANGE" has the meaning
           set forth in section 9.3.1(a) of the Management Agreement.

                      "NPA-NXX" means NPA-NXX or an equivalent identifier, such
           as a network access identifier (NAI).

                      "NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS IN MANAGER'S SERVICE AREA" means the
           average number of Customers with NPA-NXXs assigned to the Service
           Area reported in Sprint PCS' most recent monthly KPI report.

                      "OUTBOUND ROAMING FEES" means the amounts that Sprint PCS
           or its Related Parties bills to Manager Accounts for calls placed on
           a non-Sprint PCS Network.

                      "OVERALL CHANGES" has the meaning set forth in section
           1.10(a) of the Management Agreement.

                      "PREPAY REVENUE" has the meaning set forth in section
           10.2.7 of the Management Agreement.


                                       76
<PAGE>
                      "PREVIOUSLY DECLINED RESALE ARRANGEMENTS" has the meaning
           set forth in section 3.5.2(a) of the Management Agreement.

                      "PROGRAM REQUIREMENT CHANGE" means a change in a Program
           Requirement issued by Sprint PCS in accordance with section 9.2 of
           the Management Agreement.

                      "RENEWED RESALE ARRANGEMENTS" has the meaning set forth in
           section 3.5.2(b) of the Management Agreement.

                      "REQUIRED RESALE ARRANGEMENTS" has the meaning set forth
           in section 3.5.2(b) of the Management Agreement.

                      "REQUIRED RESALE PARTICIPATION PERIOD" means the period
           from April 1, 2004, until the later of (1) December 31, 2006 and (2)
           the expiration of any three-year period beginning after December 31,
           2006, for which Sprint PCS and Manager have reached agreement in
           accordance with section 10.4.1.1(c) with respect to the terms, fees
           and conditions applicable to Manager's participation in Resale
           Arrangements entered into by Sprint PCS. For the avoidance of doubt,
           if Manager and Sprint PCS are not able to reach agreement in
           accordance with section 10.4.1.1(c) with respect to the terms, fees
           and conditions applicable to Manager's participation in Resale
           Arrangements entered into by Sprint PCS, then the "Required Resale
           Participation Period" will automatically end at the expiration of the
           then current three-year period.

                      "RESALE ARRANGEMENT" has the meaning set forth in section
           3.5.2.

                      "RESELLER CUSTOMER" means customers of companies or
           organizations with a Private Label PCS Services or similar Resale
           Arrangement with Sprint PCS or Manager.

                      "RESELLER CUSTOMER FEES" has the meaning set forth in
           section 10.4.1.1 of the Management Agreement.

                      "RESELLER CUSTOMER 3G DATA FEE" means the fee for use of
           the Service Area Network by a Reseller Customer for 3G data as
           determined in section 10.4.1.3 of the Management Agreement.

                      "RESELLER CUSTOMER VOICE AND 2G DATA FEE" means the fee
           for use of the Service Area Network by a Reseller Customer for voice
           and 2G data as determined in section 10.4.1.2 of the Management
           Agreement.

                      "SCCLP" has the meaning set forth in section 3.4.2(b) of
           the Management Agreement.

                      "SELECTED SERVICES" means Services.


                                       77
<PAGE>
                      "SERVICE AREA NETWORK" means the network that is directly
           required for the provision of telecommunications services to
           Customers and is managed by Manager under the Management Agreement in
           the Service Area under the License.

                      "SERVICES" has the meaning set forth in section 2.1.1 of
           the Services Agreement.

                      "SETTLED-SEPARATELY MANAGER EXPENSES" has the meaning set
           forth in section 3.2.5 of the Services Agreement.

                      "SOFTWARE" means only that software and software features
           currently existing or developed in the future that are used in
           connection with telecommunications equipment owned or leased by
           Manager in Manager's provisioning of wireless services in the Service
           Area and includes, without limitation, software maintenance, updates,
           improvements, upgrades and modifications. "Software" expressly
           excludes:

                                          (i) software "rights to use" licenses
                               to the extent paid to the licensor directly by
                               Manager, and

                                          (ii) software operating Sprint PCS'
                               national platforms, billing system platforms,
                               customer service platforms and like applications.

                      "SOFTWARE FEES" means costs associated (including
           applicable license fees) with procuring software, software
           maintenance, software upgrades and other software costs needed to
           provide uniform and consistent operation of the wireless systems
           within the Sprint PCS Network.

                      "SPRINT PCS" means any or all of the following Related
           Parties who are License holders or signatories to the Management
           Agreement: Sprint Spectrum L.P., a Delaware limited partnership,
           WirelessCo, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, SprintCom, Inc., a
           Kansas corporation, PhillieCo Partners I, L.P., a Delaware limited
           partnership, PhillieCo, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Sprint
           Telephony PCS, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Sprint PCS
           License, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, American PCS
           Communications, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and APC
           PCS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Any reference in the
           Management Agreement or Services Agreement to Cox Communications PCS,
           L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or Cox PCS License, L.L.C., a
           Delaware limited liability company, is changed to Sprint Telephony
           PCS, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or Sprint PCS License,
           L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, respectively, to
           reflect name changes filed with the Delaware Secretary of State in
           2002.

                                       78
<PAGE>
                      "SPRINT PCS ARPU" means the average revenue per user
           publicly announced by Sprint PCS or its Related Parties for the most
           recent calendar year. Sprint PCS ARPU is generally calculated by
           dividing wireless service revenues by average wireless subscribers.

                      "SPRINT PCS RETAIL YIELD FOR VOICE AND 2G DATA USAGE"
           means the quotient calculated by dividing (a) Sprint PCS ARPU less
           the 3G data component in the Sprint PCS ARPU by (b) the reported
           minutes of use per subscriber for the calendar year for which the
           Sprint PCS ARPU was calculated.

                      "SPRINT PCS RETAIL YIELD FOR 3G DATA USAGE" means the
           quotient calculated by dividing (a) the 3G data component in the
           Sprint PCS ARPU by (b) the kilobytes of use for 3G data usage per
           subscriber for the calendar year for which the Sprint PCS ARPU was
           calculated.

                      "SUBSIDY FUNDS" has the meaning set forth in section
           10.6.1 of the Management Agreement.

                      "3M-POPS MANAGER" means any Other Manager whose ultimate
           parent entity (as defined by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
           Improvements Act of 1976) controls entities with 3 million or more
           covered pops.

                      "TOTAL SOFTWARE COST" means the amount paid by Sprint PCS
           to the Vendor directly associated with the Software used by Sprint
           PCS, Manager and Other Managers (if and to the extent Manager and the
           Other Managers have agreed to pay any Allocable Software Fee) for the
           Sprint PCS Network for which Manager is not obligated to pay the
           Software Vendor directly, net of any discounts or rebates and
           excluding any mark-up by Sprint PCS for administrative or other fees.

                      "TRANSITION DATE" has the meaning set forth in section
           10.12.3 of the Management Agreement.

                      "TYPE II REPORT" has the meaning set forth in section
           12.1.2 of the Management Agreement.

                      "ULTIMATE PARENT" has the meaning set forth in the
           Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976.

                      "USF CHARGES" has the meaning set forth in section
           10.3.2.7 of the Management Agreement.

                      "VENDOR" has the meaning set forth in section 1.3.4(b) of
           the Management Agreement.

                      "VENDOR SOFTWARE" has the meaning set forth in section
           1.3.4(b) of the Management Agreement.


                                       79
<PAGE>
                      "WIRELESS MOBILITY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK" means a radio
           communications system operating in the 1900 MHz spectrum range under
           the rules designated as Subpart E of Part 24 of the FCC's rules.

                      "WLNP SURCHARGES" has the meaning set forth in section
           10.2.4 of the Management Agreement.

                      "WRITE-OFFS" has the meaning set forth in section 10.3.1
           of the Management Agreement.

                      "YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE" has the meaning set forth in
           section 17.29 of the Management Agreement.


















                                       80
<PAGE>
B.         CROSS-REFERENCES TO OTHER PARAGRAPHS IN PREVIOUS ADDENDA.

           Listed below are those paragraphs in the previous addenda that are
interpretations or applications of the Management Agreement, the Services
Agreement, the Trademark License Agreements or the Schedule of Definitions and
that are not listed above. These serve as cross-references to facilitate finding
provisions in the previous addenda. The number shown at the beginning of each
item is the paragraph reference in the designated Addendum.

Addendum I


           2.        No Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier
           3.        Purchase of Assets
           4.        Sprint Spectrum Employees

Addendum II

           1.        Subscriber Definition
           2.        Commencement of Management; Reconciliation of the
                        Subscriber Closing Payment
           3.        Lease of Tower Sites
           4.        Traveling Revenue Reconciliation
           5.        Change to Service Fee Structure
           6.        Handsets and Accessories
           8.        Waiver
           9.        Consent to Change of Control
           10.       Local Calling Area
           11.       Third Part Distribution Contracts
           12.       Event of Termination
           15.       Use of Loan Proceeds
           17.       No Default Under Credit Agreement
           19.       No Collective Bargaining Agreements
           20.       Delivery of Financing Documents

Addendum III

           3.        Counterparts

Addendum IV

           None.



                                       81
<PAGE>
C.         OTHER PROVISIONS.

           1. MANAGER AND SPRINT PCS' REPRESENTATIONS. Manager and Sprint PCS
each represents and warrants that its respective execution, delivery and
performance of its obligations described in this Addendum have been duly
authorized by proper action of its governing body and do not and will not
violate any material agreements to which it is a party. Each of Manager and
Sprint PCS also represents and warrants that there are no legal or other claims,
actions, counterclaims, proceedings or suits, at law or in arbitration or
equity, pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it, its Related
Parties, officers or directors that question or may affect the validity of this
Addendum, the execution and performance of the transactions contemplated by this
Addendum or that party's right or obligation to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Addendum.

           2. REAFFIRMATION OF SPRINT AGREEMENTS. Each of the undersigned
reaffirms in their entirety the Management Agreement, the Services Agreement and
the Trademark License Agreements, together with their respective rights and
obligations under those agreements.

           3. COUNTERPARTS. This Addendum may be executed in one or more
counterparts, including facsimile counterparts, and each executed counterpart
will have the same force and effect as an original instrument as if the parties
to the aggregate counterparts had signed the same instrument.



            [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.]









                                       82
<PAGE>
           The parties have caused this Addendum V to be executed as of the date
first above written.

                                    SPRINT SPECTRUM L.P.

                                    By:
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:



                                    WIRELESSCO, L.P.

                                    By:
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:



                                    SPRINT TELEPHONY PCS, L.P.

                                    By:
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:



                                    INDEPENDENT WIRELESS ONE CORPORATION

                                    By:
                                        -------------------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title:






                                       83
<PAGE>
                                   Exhibit 1.7
                                   -----------

                        PLAN OF REORGANIZATION FINANCING


Subject to the confirmation and consummation of its plan or reorganization, the
capital structure of IWO Holdings, Inc. will be as follows:

New Senior Notes:

IWO Escrow Company, a newly formed corporation to be merged into IWO Holdings,
Inc., will issue new senior secured notes and new senior discount notes in a
Rule 144A offering providing aggregate gross proceeds of $232,720,400.

Equity:

The existing holders of the $160,000,000 aggregate principal amount of senior
notes issued by IWO Holdings, Inc. will agree to release all of their claims on
account of such notes in exchange for all of the common equity in the
reorganized IWO Holdings, Inc., subject to certain potential dilution.



<PAGE>
                               Amended Exhibit 2.1
                               -------------------


<PAGE>
               INDEPENDENT WIRELESS ONE EXHIBIT 2.1 BUILDOUT PLAN
                            AMENDED DECEMBER 1, 2004


- ----------------------------------------
CURRENT AREAS COVERED - DECEMBER 1, 2004
- ----------------------------------------

BTA 7 ALBANY, NY

|X|   Complete coverage along the I-87/US-9 and I-90/SR-5 corridors to the north
      and west of the city of Albany. Coverage along I-87 south of Albany to
      Delmar, US-9W, I-87, Selkirk and Bethlehem. Complete coverage of the I-90
      corridor from Albany east to the Pittsfield BTA Border. Coverage south of
      Albany on I-87 and US-9W at the border with the Poughkeepsie BTA. Complete
      coverage along I-88 southwest from Schenectady to the border with the
      Oneonta, NY BTA. Coverage to populated areas south of I-90 and east of
      I-87 on the east side of the Hudson River in Columbia County, NY, from
      Chatham to Hudson.

|X|   Coverage south of Albany on the west side of I-87, north and south of
      State Highway 23 (between State Highways 81 and 23A). |X| Coverage south
      of Albany on the east side of I-87 and State Highway 9G, north of State
      Highway 23, including the cutout west and south of State Hwy 81 and east
      of US Hwy 9W. |X| Coverage south of Albany along State Highway 9G
      (extensively west of 9G) between State Highway 23 south to north of the
      Poughkeepsie - Kingston BTA border. |X| Coverage along Taconic State
      Parkway from Lake Taghkanic (north of the Poughkeepsie BTA border) north
      to I-90.

BTA 43 BINGHAMTON, NY

|X|   Coverage along I-81 from the Syracuse BTA Border through the city of
      Binghamton, across the New York State Border and through Susquehanna
      County, PA to the border with the Scranton, PA BTA. Coverage of the city
      of Binghamton and its major suburbs.

|X|   Complete coverage northwest along I-88 from the city of Binghamton to the
      border with the Oneonta, NY BTA. Coverage along SR-17 (future I-86) west
      of Binghamton to the Elmira-Corning BTA boundary. Complete coverage along
      St. Hwy 17 from Binghamton east to the Oneonta BTA 333 border. Coverage on
      Route 96 from St. Hwy 17 northwest to connect Binghamton to Ithaca.

<PAGE>
|X|   Coverage west of Binghamton, south of where State Highway 96 intersects
      with State Highway 17.

BTA 51 BOSTON, MA/NH (STRAFFORD & ROCKINGHAM COUNTIES, NH)

|X|   Coverage in and around Kingston, NH (north of I-495), south of State
      Highway 101, where State Highways 107, 107A, 108, 111 and 125 converge.

|X|   Coverage in and around Newmarket, NH (west of Portsmouth, NH), where State
      Highways 152 and 108 intersect.

|X|   Coverage west of Dover, NH, north and south of State Highway 126 / 9.

|X|   Coverage west of State Highway 16, north of US Highway 202, then north to
      the Manchester-Nashua-Concord, NH BTA border and back south on the eastern
      side of State Highway 16 to the Portland - Brunswick, ME BTA border.

|X|   Coverage west of State Highway 125, south of US Highway 202, north of
      State Highway 101 and west to the Manchester-Nashua-Concord, NH BTA
      border.

|X|   Coverage north of US Highway 202, west to the Boston, MA BTA border, at or
      near Milton Mills, NH

|X|   Improved coverage around Portsmouth, NH

BTA 63 BURLINGTON, VT (EXCLUDING ESSEX, ORLEANS AND CALEDONIA COUNTIES)

|X|   Coverage of the city of Burlington and its suburbs. Coverage along I-89
      north from Burlington to St. Albans VT.

|X|   Coverage on US Hwy 7 south from Burlington to include coverage in
      Vergennes and Middlebury, VT.

BTA 127 ELMIRA-CORNING, NY

|X|   Complete coverage of SR-17 from the Binghamton, NY BTA border to the
      Rochester, NY BTA border. Coverage of the city of Elmira and its suburbs
      as well as the city of Corning.

|X|   Route 13 north from Route 17 to the Ithaca BTA border. Extended coverage
      north on Route 14 from Elmira to Montour Falls, Seneca Lake and Watkins
      Glen.

BTA 164 GLENS FALLS, NY

|X|   Expanded coverage in and around the city of Glens Falls to include new
      portions of highway I-87. New coverage along the I-87/US-9 corridor north
      of Glens Falls to the town of Lake George.


                                       2
<PAGE>
|X|   Coverage northeast of Glens Falls, north and south of State Highway 149,
      and east and west of and covering US Highway 4 to the Rutland -
      Bennington, VT BTA border.

|X|   Coverage northwest of Glens Falls, west of where I-87 intersects with US
      Highway 9/State Highway 28 (between Warrensburg and Athol).

BTA 208 ITHACA, NY

|X|   Complete coverage of the city of Ithaca. Coverage extended to populated
      suburbs of the city of Ithaca to the northwest, west and southwest of
      Ithaca.

BTA 249 LEBANON, NH/VT

|X|   New coverage along I-93 north from Franklin, NH and the Manchester BTA
      Border to Plymouth, NH.

BTA 274 MANCHESTER, NH (EXCLUDING NASHUA METRO)

|X|   Coverage along I-93 north of Concord to Franklin. Coverage along SR-3 from
      I-93 to Laconia. Coverage along SR-10l westward from Nashua through
      Milford, Wilton and Peterborough to the border with the Keene, NH BTA

|X|   Coverage east and west of State Highway 16, from just north of Wakefield,
      NH, south to the Boston, MA BTA border.

BTA 321 NEW YORK, NY (ORANGE & SULLIVAN COUNTIES, NY)

|X|   Complete coverage along I-87 from the border with the Poughkeepsie BTA
      southward to the border with Rockland County, NY. Complete coverage of
      Newburgh and along I-84 from the border with the Poughkeepsie BTA across
      the Hudson River and westward to the border with Pennsylvania. Coverage
      along SR-17 north of Middletown to the border with Sullivan County, NY.
      Coverage along SR-17 between Goshen and Central Valley/I-87. Coverage in
      and around Warwick, Bellvale and Greenwood south of Goshen and north of
      Rockland County, NY. New coverage in and around Washingtonville southwest
      of Vails Gate.

|X|   Additional coverage SR 302 to Pine Bush, and SR 94 South of Warwick

|X|   Coverage west of Middletown and US Highway 209, and east of State Highway
      42 - State Highway 97.

BTA 333 ONEONTA, NY

|X|   Complete coverage of the city of Oneonta. Coverage on Route 28 from I-88
      north to include Cooperstown, NY. SR 17 from the BTA 43 - Binghamton
      border east to the BTA 321- New York - Sullivan County border.


                                       3
<PAGE>
BTA 351 PITTSFIELD, MA

|X|   Coverage along the US-7/US-20 corridor from I-90 northward through Lenox
      to Pittsfield. Coverage of the city of Pittsfield..

|X|   Coverage north on SR-7 from Pittsfield to the Vermont border at Bennington
      VT, and east of SR-7 on SR-8 to the town of North Adams, MA.

|X|   Coverage southwest of Pittsfield, MA, south of US Highway 20, and east and
      west of State Highway 41 (near Pittsfield Municipal Airport), where the
      two roads intersect.

|X|   Coverage northeast of Pittsfield, MA, north of Berkshire, MA, and east and
      west of State Highway 8.

BTA 352 PLATTSBURGH, NY

|X|   Coverage of the city of Plattsburgh, NY including Plattsburgh.

|X|   Coverage on Route 3 and Route 374 west from I-87 to include coverage to
      Dannemora, NY. Coverage of Lake Placid, NY.

BTA 361 POUGHKEEPSIE, NY

|X|   Improved coverage along I-87. New, complete coverage along I-84 from the
      Orange County Border to the border with Putnam County, NY. New coverage to
      populated areas in Dutchess County east of the Hudson River.

|X|   New coverage (not contiguous) along the Taconic State Parkway in Duchess
      County (from the Albany BTA border to south of I-84).

BTA 388 RUTLAND, VT

|X|   Coverage in and around Rutland, VT. New coverage of Bennington, VT. |X|
      Coverage on US Hwy 7 north to include Brandon, VT.

BTA 438 SYRACUSE, NY

|X|   Complete coverage of I-81 north from Syracuse to the border with the
      Watertown BTA and south along I-81 to the border with the Binghamton BTA.
      Complete the coverage along I-90 from the Utica BTA Border to the border
      with the Rochester, NY BTA. Improved coverage along other portions of
      I-90.

|X|   Complete coverage along SR-481 northwest from Syracuse through Fulton to
      Oswego on Lake Ontario.


                                       4
<PAGE>
|X|   Coverage at the Rochester BTA border (west of Syracuse) north of NY State
      Trwy. and west of State Highway 38. Coverage is also south of NY State
      Trwy. and east of State Highway 90.

|X|   Coverage north of Syracuse, east and west of I-81 near (south of) the
      Watertown BTA border

BTA 453 UTICA-ROME, NY

|X|   Complete coverage along the I-90 corridor between the border with the
      Albany BTA and the border with the Syracuse BTA. Coverage around city of
      Rome.

BTA 463 WATERTOWN, NY

|X|   Complete coverage of the I-81/US-11 corridor from the Syracuse BTA Border
      to Watertown, NY. Coverage of the city of Watertown. Complete coverage to
      the I-81 corridor from Watertown to the Canadian Border.

|X|   Coverage south of Watertown, east and west of I-81 near (north of) the
      Syracuse BTA border.

|X|   Coverage east and northeast of Watertown, north of US Route 11, south of
      State Highway 26 and west of State Highway 812 including Evans Mills.

|X|   Coverage in and around Potsdam and Canton, including De Kalb Junction
      connected by US Highway 11.





- --------------------------
FUTURE AREAS TO BE COVERED
- --------------------------

BTA 7 ALBANY NY

|X|   New and complete coverage northeast along RT 7 from existing coverage in
      Troy NY to the Vermont border at Bennington VT which include the towns of
      Hoosick and East Hoosick.

|X|   Expanded coverage around the city of Saratoga Springs providing new
      coverage to the northwest, southwest and southeast of Saratoga Springs
      that will cover the small towns of Kings, West Greenfield Center, South
      Greenfield, Factory Village, Milton, and North Ballston Spa, respectively,
      and portions of State Hwys. 29 and 32.


                                       5
<PAGE>
|X|   Expanded coverage north and east of the city of Troy providing new
      coverage that will include the towns of Reynolds, Speigletown,
      Cropseyville and Brunswick, respectively, and portions of State Hwys. 2
      and 351.

|X|   Expanded coverage southwest of the city of Schenectady providing new
      coverage that will include the towns of Duane Lake and Duanesburg, and
      portions of State Hwy. 7 and Western Tpke. (US Hwy. 20).

|X|   Expanded coverage southwest of the city of Albany providing new coverage
      that will include the towns of South Albany, South Bethlehem, Spawn
      Hollow, Clarksville and Tarrytown.

BTA 43 BINGHAMTON, NY

|X|   Expanded coverage around the city of Binghamton and new coverage northwest
      of Binghamton that will cover the small towns of East Maine, West
      Chenango, New Ireland, and portions of County Rtes. 71 and 32.

|X|   Route 12 from Binghamton northeast to provide coverage to the city of
      Greene and connectivity from Binghamton to Oxford and Norwich.

|X|   New coverage along State Rte. 17, west of the town of Deposit, also
      covering the small towns of Danville and McClure, and expanded as well to
      include the small towns of Stilesville and Hambletville in the adjoining
      Oneonta BTA.

|X|   Expanded coverage just west of the Oneonta BTA and north of I-88.

BTA 51 BOSTON, MA/NH (ROCKINGHAM COUNTY, NH)

|X|   Expanded coverage east of Derry and State Hwy. 28, and south of State Hwy.
      21 which covers the towns of Danville, South Danville, Hempstead, East
      Hempstead, Conleys Grove, North Salem, Arlington Park and Millville.

|X|   Expanded coverage between the city limits of Portsmouth and Hampton,
      bounded on the west by US-1 and on the east by the Atlantic Ocean, which
      covers many of the beach communities of Rockingham County, NH

BTA 63 BURLINGTON, VT (EXCLUDING ESSEX, ORLEANS AND CALEDONIA COUNTIES)

|X|   Expanded coverage along I-89 southeast from Burlington, including Essex
      Junction.

BTA 164 GLENS FALLS, NY

|X|   Extended coverage beginning north of Lake George (and north of State Rte
      9L on the east side of current coverage), along State Hwy. 9N north
      through the towns of Diamond Point, Bolton and Bolton Landing, and ending
      just northeast of North Bolton.


                                       6
<PAGE>
|X|   New coverage bounded on the south and west by the Albany-Schenectady BTA
      border (and US-4 at various points on the west), covering the towns of
      Crandall Corners and Barkers Grove, which are on State Hwy. 40,

|X|   New coverage at the Southeastern corner of the Glens Falls BTA, bounded on
      the south and east by the Albany-Schenectady and Pittsfield BTA borders,
      respectively, and covering the town of White Creek.

BTA 208 ITHACA, NY

|X|   New, complete coverage of the SR-13 corridor northeast from Ithaca toward
      the Syracuse BTA border.

BTA 227 KEENE, NH/VT

|X|   New and complete coverage of the I-91/SR-5 corridor from the area
      (including Westminster, Putney, Christian Hollow, Gilboa, East
      Westmoreland, and Hinsdale, North Hinsdale and North Vernon) from
      northwest of the city of Keene, NH/VT between the Lebanon-Claremont BTA
      border and Brattleboro, southward to the border with the Springfield BTA.

|X|   New and complete coverage of the of the city of Keene, NH/VT, and its
      suburbs (including West Swanzey, South Keene, Joslin and Sparagueville)..

|X|   New and complete coverage along SR-101 from the Manchester BTA border
      westward through Keene, NH and along SR-9 from Keene westward to I-91 just
      north of Brattleboro, VT.

BTA 249 LEBANON, NH/VT

|X|   New coverage of the city of Lebanon, NH and White River Junction, VT. New
      and complete coverage of the I-91/US-5 corridor from Lebanon/White River
      Junction south to the border with the Keene BTA.

|X|   New and complete coverage along SR-11 from I-89 westward through Newport
      and Claremont to I-91.

BTA 274 - MANCHESTER (EXCLUDING NASHUA METRO)

|X|   Coverage northwest of Nashua, north and south, and turning east and west
      of Nashua Road (State Highway 101A).

|X|   Complete coverage along I-89 west from Bagley, NH (west of Concord) to the
      border with the Lebanon, VT BTA.

|X|   Complete coverage along I-93 north from the town of Tilton, NH (at the
      intersection with State Hwy. 11) to the border with the Lebanon, VT BTA.


                                       7
<PAGE>
BTA 321 NEW YORK, NY (ORANGE & SULLIVAN COUNTIES, NY)

|X|   Coverage south of the city of Middletown and north of the New Jersey State
      Line with coverage in Edenville, Florida and Randelville, NY

|X|   Complete coverage of SR-17 from the border with Orange County, NY,
      northwest to the border with the Oneonta, NY BTA border including expanded
      coverage around the towns of Hazel, Livingstone Manor, Summitville,
      Phillipsport and Wurtsboro, and along US Hwy. 209 (southwest through
      Wurtsboro).

|X|   Coverage southwest of the city of Newburgh bounded by I-84 (north), I-87
      (east) and SR-17 (south) and includes expanded coverage around the towns
      of Maybrook, Campbell Hall, Girarde, Farmingdale, Craigville, and
      Washingtonville.

BTA 333 ONEONTA, NY

|X|   Complete coverage along I-88 from the Albany, NY BTA border to the
      Binghamton, NY BTA border including expanded coverage around the cities of
      Sidney, Unidilla and Oneonta, and along State Hwy. 23 (east of Oneonta).

BTA 351 PITTSFIELD, MA

|X|   New and complete coverage of the I-90 corridor from the border with the
      Albany BTA eastward to the border with the Springfield BTA.

|X|   Expanded coverage northeast of the city of Pittsfield along the east and
      west sides of State Hwy. 8 which cover the towns of Maple Grove, Bowens
      Corner and Arnoldsville.

BTA 361 POUGHKEEPSIE, NY (TACONIC STATE PARKWAY)

|X|   Improved coverage on Route 44 (at Millbrook) northeast from Phase I to
      Route 22 and coverage east and south on Route 22 to the town of Pawling
      near the Poughkeepsie BTA border.

|X|   Expanded coverage north of the city of Poughkeepsie along Route 9 which
      covers the towns of Norrie Heights, Staatsburg and Red Hook.

|X|   Expanded coverage east of the city of Poughkeepsie southward from where US
      44 intersects with the Taconic State Parkway to I-84. Covered locations on
      the Taconic State Parkway include the towns of Washington Hollow, Freedom
      Plains and Arthursburg

|X|   Expanded coverage south and southeast of the city of Poughkeepsie which
      includes the towns of Fishkill Plains, Swartoutville, Green Haven and
      Stormville.

                                       8
<PAGE>
|X|   Expanded coverage west of the city of Poughkeepsie, south of where State
      Hwy 55 intersects with US 209 which covers the towns of Wawarsing, Honk
      Hill, Port Ben, Napanoch and Ellenville.

BTA 388 RUTLAND, VT

|X|   Expanded coverage of the city of Bennington, VT, including coverage along
      SR-9 to the Albany BTA Border, and the towns of Sodom, Paper Mill Village
      and Cozy Meadows.

|X|   Added coverage on Hwy 4 west to the Glens Falls BTA border.

|X|   Coverage east of Rutland, along US Highway 4 and State Highway 100 (near
      Killington Ski Resort) which include the towns of Killington, The Woods
      and Killington Village.

BTA 438 SYRACUSE, NY

|X|   New coverage northeast of Oswego along State Route 104.

BTA 453 UTICA-ROME, NY

|X|   New coverage east of Sylvan Beach, covering the small towns of Fish Creek
      Station, Fish Creek Landing, Stark Landing, Edgewater Beach, Oneida
      Valley, North Bay and South Bay, north of the Syracuse BTA border.

|X|   New and expanded coverage between the cities of Utica and Ilion, north and
      south of the New York State Trwy.












                                       9
<PAGE>
               INDPEPENDENT WIRELESS ONE EXHIBIT 2.1 BUILDOUT PLAN
                            Amended December 16, 2004


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                             Covered
                                                          Licensed Total  Total 2003 BTA    2003 Pops     % Covered,   Completion
BTA#       BTA Name ( or County Name)         BTA State     Area (Sq Mi)    Pops (est)     (est) neg98    2003 Pops       Date
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>  <C>                                      <C>         <C>             <C>              <C>           <C>          <C>
  7  Albany-Schenectady                           NY           6,907        1,058,700        851,783         80%       12/31/2008
 43  Binghamton                                   NY           2,963          345,429        242,652         70%       12/31/2008
 51  Boston (Rockingham County)                   MA             715          293,030        255,413         87%       12/31/2008
 51  Boston (Strafford County)                    MA             377          114,232        103,808         91%       12/31/2008
 63  Burlington (excluding Essex, Orleans,
        and Caledonia Counties)                   VT           4,149          352,484        225,893         64%       12/31/2006
127  Elmira-Corning-Hornell                       NY           4,452          313,920        148,099         47%       12/31/2008
164  Glen Falls                                   NY           1,799          128,840         69,386         54%       12/31/2008
208  Ithaca                                       NY             491          100,417         83,805         83%       12/31/2006
227  Keene                                        NH           1,548          120,519         67,649         56%       12/31/2006
249  Lebanon-Claremont                            NH           3,282          183,705         83,983         46%       12/31/2006
274  Manchester-Nashua-Concord (excluding
        Nashua metro)                             NH           3,189          513,545        353,717         69%       12/31/2008
321  New York (Orange County)                     NY             837          363,765        347,400         96%       12/31/2008
321  New York (Sullivan  County)                  NY             995           74,426         32,094         43%       12/31/2008
333  Oneonta                                      NY           2,485          109,689         39,424         36%       12/31/2008
351  Pittsfield                                   MA             952          132,951        104,724         79%       12/31/2008
352  Plattsburgh                                  NY           3,024          120,683         74,981         62%       12/31/2008
361  Poughkeepsie-Kingston                        NY           1,980          471,805        407,781         86%       12/31/2008
388  Rutland-Bennington                           VT           1,584           99,739         64,612         65%       12/31/2008
438  Syracuse                                     NY           3,704          782,051        644,102         82%       12/31/2008
453  Utica-Rome                                   NY           2,717          302,383        224,385         74%       12/31/2008
463  Watertown                                    NY           7,066          295,257        120,890         41%       12/31/2008
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    TOTALS                                                   55,216           6,277,570      4,546,581      72%
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Note: Pops data is calculated from the Exhibit 2.1 map representing coverage
      at -98dBm levels. Map and covered pops were generated using MapInfo GIS
      Software and 2003 Estimated Census Geographic Data.





<PAGE>
               INDEPENDENT WIRELESS ONE EXHIBIT 2.1 BUILD-OUT PLAN
                           (AMENDED DECEMBER 1, 2004)


                [Map of Independent Wireless One Build-Out Plan]










<PAGE>
                                                                    SCHEDULE 1


Program Requirement 3.5.2 dated August 13, 2002 and labeled "Exhibit 3.5.2
Program Requirement for Voluntary Resale of Products and Services By Voluntary
Resellers Under the Private Label Solutions Program" is amended by replacing the
title, preamble and general terms with the following, and by deleting all
attachments:


             PROGRAM REQUIREMENT FOR RESALE OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
                                       BY
               RESELLERS UNDER THE PRIVATE LABEL SOLUTIONS PROGRAM

                                    (8/16/04)


                     Sprint PCS' Resale Program ("RESALE PROGRAM") is described
in Section 3.5.2 of the Sprint PCS Management or Affiliation Agreement and
consists of this Program Requirement 3.5.2 (the "PROGRAM REQUIREMENT 3.5.2") and
separate attachments to the Program Requirement 3.5.2 ("ATTACHMENT(S)"). Each
Attachment states terms of the Resale Program and includes a specific list of
companies with which Sprint PCS contracts to sell Sprint PCS Products and
Services under brand names other than the Brands.

                     Any reference to Manager in this Program Requirement refers
to Manager, as such term is defined in the Management Agreement, or Affiliate,
as such term is defined in the Affiliation Agreement, as applicable. Any
reference to Management Agreement in this Program Requirement also refers to an
Affiliation Agreement, as applicable. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise
defined in this Program Requirement 3.5.2 have the meaning ascribed to them in
the Schedule of Definitions in the Management Agreement. Section and exhibit
references are to sections and exhibits of the Management Agreement unless
otherwise noted.

                     As used in this Program Requirement "NPA-NXX" of Manager
means a NPA-NXX in the Service Area of that Manager or any other such
designation in accordance with section 17.17.

GENERAL TERMS

Unless otherwise specified, the Program Requirements outlined below apply to the
resellers set forth in the Attachments.

           1. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OFFERED. Sprint PCS may from time to time
limit the Sprint PCS Products and Services that are provided to resellers.
Manager will provide to resellers those Sprint PCS Products and Services that
Sprint PCS provides to the resellers, and Manager will support products and

<PAGE>
services offered resellers in the same fashion that Manager supports similar
Sprint PCS Products and Services.

           2. INFORMATION AND MINS. Manager will allow Sprint PCS access to
information necessary to bill resellers, including Call Detail Records and basic
provisioning information. For purposes of clarification, all such information
will constitute "Confidential Information" for purposes of the Management
Agreement. Neither Sprint PCS nor Manager will have access to resellers'
end-users' personal information. Sprint PCS will administer NPA-NXXs available
for resellers in a manner substantially the same as the MIN allocation process
in place for Sprint PCS owned markets. Sprint PCS will provide resellers with an
unbranded coverage map and zip code information for the Manager's service
area(s) substantially the same as the coverage map and zip code information
provided for Sprint PCS owned service areas.

           3. CONTACTS AND DISPUTES. Manager will direct any questions or
disputes regarding a reseller or resale arrangement to the designated
representative(s) within the Management Agreement and will not contact the
resellers directly. Any disputes between Manager and Sprint PCS regarding a
resale arrangement will be resolved under the terms of the Management Agreement.

           4. SIX-SECOND INCREMENT BILLING. For all QuickNet Connect (QNC) data
and other traffic on the Manager's Service Area Network for which Sprint PCS
bills a reseller in six-second increments or some other incremental measurement
other than one-minute ("OTHER INCREMENT"), Sprint PCS will settle with Manager
in six-second increments or such Other Increment, as applicable. Billed charges
(per call or event) that result in fractional cents may be rounded up to the
next whole cent.

           5. SPRINT 3G DATA SERVICE. In addition to reselling certain Sprint
PCS Products and Services under brand names other than the Brands, some
resellers are also permitted to sell Sprint's 1XRTT advanced multimedia data
services and premium services associated with the PCS Vision service ("SPRINT 3G
DATA SERVICE") using the Sprint and PCS Vision service marks. If Manager
specifically consented to a reseller's use of the Brands in selling Sprint 3G
Data Service in the Manager's Service Area, the Manager will be compensated for
Sprint 3G Data Service as follows:

           The revenue for Sprint 3G Data Service sold by resellers using the
           Brands to reseller subscribers having an NPA-NXX of Manager will be
           treated as Billed Revenue under the Management Agreement. Billed
           Revenue will be based on reseller specific Sprint 3G Data Service
           pricing set forth in Attachment 1.1 to Program Requirement 3.5.2.
           From time to time, Sprint may amend the rates charged to resellers
           for Sprint 3G Data Service.

           6. SHORT MESSAGE SERVICE (SMS). For SMS messages on the Manager's
network used by subscribers of Resellers with an NPA-NXX of Manager, Manager
will be compensated at the rate set forth in Attachment 1.2 to Program
Requirement 3.5.2, which may be amended from time to time in accordance with the
Management Agreement. For SMS messages used by subscribers of resellers with an


                                       2
<PAGE>
NPA-NXX of Manager, there will be no compensation either paid or owed when such
subscribers are traveling outside of the Manager's Service Area.

           SMS messages means circuit-switched short alphanumeric messages on a
Reseller subscriber's handset.

           7. FUTURE SERVICES. If Sprint PCS elects to enter into a resale
arrangement with any resellers for any services other than those services
described in this Program Requirement 3.5.2, including any current Attachment to
this Program Requirement 3.5.2 ("FUTURE SERVICES"), then, subject to section 9.3
of the Management Agreement, Manager must support those Future Services for all
resellers with executed contracts under resale arrangements existing prior to or
entered into, renewed or extended during the Required Resale Participation
Period throughout the remaining term of their resale arrangement with Sprint
PCS. Sprint PCS will compensate Manager for the resale of Future Services at
rates to be established in future Attachments to Program Requirement 3.5.2, as
amended from time to time in accordance with the Management Agreement, which
rates will be communicated in writing to Manager in advance.











                                       3
<PAGE>
                               ATTACHMENT NO. 1.0 TO PROGRAM REQUIREMENT 3.5.2

                                 RESALE PROGRAM


This Attachment No. 1.0 to Program Requirement 3.5.2 lists the Existing Resale
Arrangements (i.e., the Resale Arrangements that were in existence before April
1, 2004).

RESELLERS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Effective          Renewal           Renewal
                                                                  Date              Date            Period *
                                                                  ----              ----            --------
<S>                                                           <C>               <C>               <C>
Vartec Telecom, Inc. (Excel)                                    9/15/2000        12/15/2003          3 Years
ZefCom, L.L.C. (Telespire)                                     11/17/2000        11/17/2003        3/31/2006
Working Assets Funding Service, Inc.(Working Assets)            12/1/2001        12/31/2003          3 Years
Wherify Wireless, Inc. (Wherify Wireless)                        1/7/2002          1/7/2005
QUALCOMM Incorporated (Qualcomm / GlobalTracs)                   1/8/2002          1/8/2005
Star Number, Inc. (Liberty Wireless)                             8/2/2002          8/2/2005
Telco Group, Inc. (STI Mobile)                                  2/25/2003         2/25/2006
TRANZACT (Sears Connect)                                        3/21/2003         3/21/2006
Hal Inc. (U-Mobile PCS)                                         6/12/2003         6/12/2006
Wireless Retail Inc. (Airlink Mobile)                           6/17/2003         6/17/2006
Phonetec, L.P. (PhoneTec)                                       6/26/2003         6/26/2006
Qwest Wireless, LLC (Qwest)                                      8/3/2003          3/3/2009
TracFone Wireless, Inc. (TracFone)                              1/22/2004         1/22/2007

</TABLE>

* If applicable.  Not including phase out periods.

Virgin Mobile USA is an Existing Resale Arrangement, but it has a separate
Program Requirement labeled "Program Requirement 3.5.2 - Program Requirements
for Resale of Products and Services By Virgin Mobile USA, LLC (Date Published
9/30/04)".





<PAGE>
                               ATTACHMENT NO. 1.1 TO PROGRAM REQUIREMENT 3.5.2


                         SPRINT 3G DATA SERVICE PRICING

A)  QWEST WIRELESS

Listed below are the Qwest monthly recurring charges ("MRC") and Adjustment
Rates for Sprint 3G Data Service. Qwest will be billed the following MRC and
Adjustment Rate for each subscriber that uses any Qwest service enabled by
Sprint 3G Data Service.

HANDSET DATA SERVICE

Data Transport/Web Browsing/Third Party Instant Messaging

     o     MRC                       $8.10 (unlimited)

     o     Adjustment Rate           $0.002 per Kb


ADJUSTMENT RATE:

On a monthly basis, Sprint will calculate (as described below) the Sprint
average kilobytes per retail handset subscriber ("SAKPS") and the Qwest average
kilobytes per handset subscriber ("QAKPS"). If the QAKPS exceeds the SAKPS,
Sprint will charge Qwest an amount equal to the difference between the SAKPS and
the QAKPS multiplied by the total number of End users, multiplied by the
Adjustment Rate detailed above.

Sprint will calculate SAKPS by using the total number of kilobytes generated by
Sprint retail handset end users divided by the average number of Sprint retail
handset end users for the previous fiscal quarter. For example, the SAKPS for
May will be divided by the average number of Sprint retail handset end users for
the 1st fiscal quarter (January-March).

Average number of Sprint retail handset end users for the quarter is equal to
the beginning number of Sprint retail handset end users plus the ending number
of Sprint retail handset end users, divided by two.

QAKPS is equal to the total number of kilobytes generated by Qwest handset End
Users divided by the average number of Qwest handset End Users for the previous
fiscal quarter.

AVERAGE NUMBER OF QWEST HANDSET END USERS FOR THE QUARTER IS EQUAL TO THE
BEGINNING NUMBER OF QWEST HANDSET END USERS PLUS THE ENDING NUMBER OF QWEST
HANDSET END USERS, DIVIDED BY TWO.

In making the calculations described in this section, PDAs, "smart phones" and
other similar devices along with air cards will not be considered "handsets" as
that term is used therein.

THE PRICING IN THIS ATTACHMENT NO. 1.1 TO PROGRAM 3.5.2 IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AS
SPRINT RETAIL PRICES OR INCLUDED SERVICES CHANGE.

<PAGE>
                               ATTACHMENT NO. 1.2 TO PROGRAM REQUIREMENT 3.5.2


                          SHORT MESSAGE SERVICE PRICING

Unless otherwise specified in this Attachment 1.2 to Program Requirement 3.5.2,
Manager will be compensated at the rates listed below by Reseller.

Short Message Service Rate:    $0.0246 per SMS message
Qwest SMS Rate:                $0.0110 per SMS message









<PAGE>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.3
                                  ------------


100% AFFILIATE RETAINED AMOUNTS

           Outbound Roaming Revenue billed to Sprint Customers
           International Roaming Credits
           Affiliate Equip Sale On Acct



100% SPRINT PCS RETAINED AMOUNTS

           Accrued Sales Taxes
           Accrued Federal Excise Taxes
           Equipment Replacement Program charges







<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT 1
                                    ---------

                  ILLUSTRATIVE CALCULATION FOR CASH SETTLEMENT

CASH SIMPLIFICATION
ILLUSTRATIVE ONLY

                                                         MONTH1Y
                                                ---------------------------
WRITE-OFFS                                           $  1,235


BILLED REVENUE                                        $10,350
CUSTOMER CREDITS                                         (970)
                                                -------------
NET BILLED REVENUE                                   $  9,380        82.5%
CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT CREDITS                                (66)       -0.6%
100% AFFILIATE RETAINED AMOUNTS                           235         2.1%
100% SPRINT PCS RETAINED AMOUNTS                        1,479        13.0%
CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT CHARGES                                175         1.5%
E911 SURCHARGES                                            65         0.6%
WIRELESS LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY CHARGES                  26         0.2%
USF CHARGES                                                74         0.7%
                                                ------------- -------------
AMOUNT BILLED (NET OF CUSTOMER CREDITS)               $11,368       100.0%


FEE CALCULATION

NET BILLED REVENUE                                   $  9,380
ALLOCATED WRITE-OFF                                    (1,019)
                                                -------------
                                                     $  8,361
                                                           92%
                                                -------------
FEE BASED ON BILLED REVENUE                          $  7,692

100% AFFILIATE RETAINED AMOUNTS                      $    235
    ALLOCATED WRITE-OFF                                   (26)
PHASE II E911 SURCHARGES                                   53
    ALLOCATED WRITE-OFF                                    (6)
WIRELESS LOCAL NUMBER PORTABILITY CHARGES                   2
    ALLOCATED WRITE-OFF                                    (0)
CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT CREDITS                                (66)
    ALLOCATED WRITE-OFF                                     7
WRITE-OFF FOR CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT CHARGES                  (19)
                                                -------------
                                                     $    180

TOTAL                                                $  7,872
                                                ---------------------------

<PAGE>
                                 SCHEDULE 2.1.1
                                 --------------

                                   -SECTION A-

PRESENTLY OFFERED CCPU SERVICES

3G Fees
A/P Backhaul/Facility Disputes
Affiliate Utilities
ATM Soft Hand Off
Bank Fees
BI Performance Services - Initiation
BI Performance Services - Maintenance
Bid Cost
Billing
Check Free
Clarify Maintenance Fee
CO Usage
Collection Agency Fees
Conferences
Costs associated with rollout of new products and services (including without
  limitation, research and development costs for new products and services)
Credit Card Processing/Fees
Customer Care
Customer Solutions - Mature Life
Directory Assistance
DS3
E - Commerce PT
Enhanced Voicemail
Entrance Facility Expenses (Includes Terminating/Trunking Charge)
Ford Revenue
Ford Telematics
Gift Card Payable
Gift Card Receivable
Hal Riney Ad Kit
High Speed Remote Access Server
ICS Clearing House Costs (Includes Illuminet, Roaming Clearing House, and TSI)
IMT Charges
Interconnection
Inter-Machine Trunk
IT (Includes E-Commerce)
LD Verification
LIDB / CNAM
Local Loop, COC, ACF, IXC, etc. (National Platform
Expense - Local Loop Cost, Central Office Connection (COC), access Coordination
   Fee (ACF), Co-Location Charges, and Inter Exchange Carrier (IXC) Charges)
Lockbox 261
MCI Disconnect Adjusted
National Platform - COA

<PAGE>
National Platform Disputes
National Platform (2G) (Includes Voice Activated Dialing)

NATIONAL PLATFORM COMPONENT
FCAPS (FAULT, CONFIGURATION, ACCOUNTING, PERFORMANCE, SECURITY)
           Capital Projects
           Expense Projects
           Circuit Expense
           CLOH
           Labor
           Forecasts

IN (INTELLIGENT NETWORK)
           Capital Expense
           Expense Projects
           Circuit Expense
           CLOH
           Labor
           Forecasts

OSSN
           Capital Expense
           Expense Projects
           Circuit Expense
           CLOH
           Labor
           Forecasts

3G
           Capital Projects
           Expense Projects
           Circuit Expense
           CLOH
           Labor
           Forecasts

OPERATOR SERVICE
           Vendor Fee

WIRELESS WEB
           Capital Projects
           Expense Projects
           Circuit Expense
           CLOH
           Labor
           Forecasts

MESSAGING
           Capital Projects


                                       2
<PAGE>
           Expense Projects
           Circuit Expense
           CLOH
           Labor
           Forecasts

VAD
           Capital Projects
           Expense Projects
           Circuit Expense
           CLOH
           Labor
           Forecasts

VOICE MAIL
           Capital
           Expense Projects
           Circuit Expense
           CLOH
           Labor
           Forecasts

SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE
           Openwave
           Hewlett Packard
           Comverse
           Marconi
           Lucent
           Commworks
           Four Corners
           Other Vendors (39)

Northwest Frequent Flyer
Premium Vision Services
PreNet
Pricing
Pro Text Messaging Plan
Ringers & More (Includes SBF and PT fees)
Roadside Rescue
Sprint Synch Services
Telecheck Charge
Telematics
Text Messaging Plan
TSC Usage
Type 1 Affiliate Long Distance
Voice Command Web
Wireless Web


                                       3
<PAGE>
                                   -SECTION B-


PRESENTLY OFFERED CPGA SERVICES

500 Minute Promotion Credit
Activations - Customer Solutions
Activations - E-Commerce (Includes On Line (Web) Activations)
Activations - Telesales
Credit Check Fee
Customer Solutions - Early Life
Demo Phones
EarthLink
Hal Riney Service
Handset Logistics
Handset Obsolescence Fee and Carrying Costs
Local/Indirect Commission
Marketing Collateral Destruction
NAM/CAM
One Sprint Telesales
PGA Expenses
PLS Commission
SmartWorks Printing

                                   -SECTION C-

PRESENTLY OFFERED CCPU SERVICES - Activity Settled Separately

Affiliate Project Authorizations
Long Distance
E911 Phase I Revenue
Microwave Clearing
Roaming
Software Fees
Sprint Local Telephone Usage
Taxes Paid on Behalf of Type III Affiliates
Tower Lease
Travel Revenue and Expense
Upgrade Commission - 2 Step Channel
Vendor Usage-Based Charges on New Products
Wholesale Revenue and Expense

                                   -SECTION D-

PRESENTLY OFFERED CPGA SERVICES -Activity Settled Separately


                                       4
<PAGE>
3G Device Logistics Fee
3rd Party Spiffs
Accessory Margin
Commissions - National 3rd Party
Commissions - Other 3rd Party
Coop Advertising - Local 3rd Party
Coop Advertising - National 3rd Party
Handset returns
Handset subsidies
Handsets
Marketing Collateral (excluding destruction)
Meeting Competition Fund
RadioShack Promos (Includes RadioShack Golden Quarter, Jumpstart, Relaunch,
  Sprint to Vegas, and Break the Bank)
Rebate Administrative Expense
Rebates
Reciprocal Retail Store Cost Recovery
Sprint LDD Commission
Third Party Promotions
Upgrade Commission - RadioShack









                                       5
<PAGE>
                                  SCHEDULE 2.3
                                  ------------
                       CUSTOMER CARE SERVICES OUTSOURCING


           1. OUTSOURCING. Manager may outsource all (and not less than all) of
its Customer Care Services in the manner described in this Schedule 2.3 after it
gives notice of its election and pays the $3 million election fee to Sprint PCS
as set forth in section 2.3 of the Services Agreement. Manager must outsource
the Customer Care Services to a customer care center whose facility and
personnel are managed by Manager or Manager's designee. The customer care center
must utilize Sprint Spectrum's systems and processes.

           2. CUSTOMER CARE SERVICES. The term "CUSTOMER CARE SERVICES" means
call center support for all of the following Services, or such other list of
Services to which Manager and Sprint Spectrum agree in writing, and their
successors and functional equivalents if they are combined, replaced, modified
or renamed, all as provided to subscribers (including, if applicable,
subscribers of resellers) with NPA-NXXs assigned to Manager's Service Area:

           Activations
           Activations- Spanish
           Business General
           Business Gold
           Business Spanish
           Business Special Services
           Clear Pay
           Consumer General
           Consumer General Spanish & Clear Pay
           Consumer Gold
           Corporate End User
           Data Support Spanish
           Data Support Tier 1
           Data Support Tier 2
           Loyalty/Retention
           Preferred Corporate Care
           Refunds
           Trouble Inbound
           eCare
           Early Life Programs (but excluding market-related activity) Mature
           Life Programs (but excluding market-related activity)

           3. TRANSITION PERIOD. Upon receiving notice of Manager's outsourcing
election, the parties will cooperate and work diligently and in good faith to
implement the transition of all of the Customer Care Services to Manager's
customer care center as contemplated under this Schedule 2.3, in a reasonably
efficient and expeditious manner.

           4. TRANSITION COSTS. Manager will pay the vendors directly or
reimburse Sprint Spectrum and its Related Parties, as Sprint Spectrum
determines, for all costs incurred that relate to the transition of the Customer

<PAGE>
Care Services. Sprint Spectrum will invoice Manager for the reimbursable costs.
Manager will pay each invoice, whether received from Sprint Spectrum, a Sprint
Spectrum Related Party or a vendor, within 30 days after the date of the
invoice.

           5. CONTINUED SERVICES PROVIDED BY SPRINT SPECTRUM. Upon the complete
transition of Customer Care Services, in addition to all other Services provided
under the Services Agreement, Sprint Spectrum will continue to provide the
following:

                     (a) Activation and Customer Care systems;

                     (b) Call routing of customer; and

                     (c) Marketing, product, program, system development and
direction.

           6. ADJUSTED FEES FOR SERVICES. The fees for Services under the
Services Agreement will be modified as follows when Manager makes its election
under section 2.3 of the Services Agreement:

                     (a) TRANSITION PERIOD. Sprint Spectrum will continue to
provide the Services to Manager until Manager completes the transition of the
Customer Care Services as described in this Schedule 2.3. Sections 3.2.1, 3.2.2
and 3.2.3 of the Services Agreement will be amended and restated effective as of
the date that Manager makes its election, without any further action by any
party, to read as follows:

           "3.2      FEES FOR SERVICES.

                               3.2.1 TRANSITION PRICING PERIOD. The fees Manager
           will pay Sprint Spectrum for the CCPU Services and CPGA Services
           provided to Manager by or on behalf of Sprint Spectrum each month
           from the date that Manager makes its election to outsource the
           Customer Care Services (as that term is defined in paragraph 2 of
           Schedule 2.3 of this agreement) (the "OUTSOURCE NOTICE DATE") until
           the date that Manager completes its transition of the Customer Care
           Services (the "TRANSITION PRICING PERIOD"), will be the then-current
           costs to Sprint Spectrum of the Services.

                     Sprint Spectrum may change the fee for any Service it
           provides once during any 12-month period by delivering to Manager
           notice of the new costs to Sprint Spectrum of the Services. The
           amount of the fees for the Services will be deemed amended on the
           effective date noted on the notice, which will be at least 30 days
           after delivering the notice.

                     The fees will be paid as set forth in section 10 of the
           Management Agreement.

                               3.2.2  PRICING PROCESS.  [omitted intentionally]

                               3.2.3  CUSTOMER-RELATED SERVICES. [omitted
                                      intentionally]"


                                       2
<PAGE>
                     (b) POST-TRANSITION PERIOD. When Manager completes the
transition of the Customer Care Services, Sprint Spectrum will continue to
provide the Services other than the Customer Care Services as described in this
Schedule 2.3. Section 3.2.1 of the Services Agreement will be amended and
restated effective as of the date that Manager completes the transition, without
any further action by any party, to read as follows:

           "3.2      FEES FOR SERVICES.

                               3.2.1 POST-TRANSITION PRICING. The fees Manager
           will pay Sprint Spectrum for the CCPU Services and CPGA Services
           provided to Manager by or on behalf of Sprint Spectrum each month
           from the date that Manager completes the transition of the Customer
           Care Services (the "TRANSITION COMPLETION DATE") will be the
           then-current costs to Sprint Spectrum of the Services.
           Notwithstanding the foregoing, the fees Manager will pay Sprint
           Spectrum for the CPGA Services through December 31, 2006 will be
           $15.00 multiplied by the Gross Customer Additions in Manager's
           Service Area.

                     Except for CPGA Services provided through December 31,
           2006, Sprint Spectrum may change the fee for any Service it provides
           once during any 12-month period by delivering to Manager notice of
           such change. The amount of the fees for the Services will be deemed
           amended on the effective date noted on the notice, which will be at
           least 30 days after delivering the notice.

                     The fees will be paid as set forth in section 10 of the
           Management Agreement."

           7. ADDITIONAL SERVICES AND FEES. To support the activities of Manager
contemplated under this Schedule 2.3, Sprint Spectrum will provide on-going
support services and connectivity. The fees for such services will be the amount
of Sprint Spectrum's costs to provide the services.







                                       3
<PAGE>
                                    EXHIBIT A
                                    ---------

           SECTION 17.26. FEDERAL CONTRACTOR COMPLIANCE. (1) The Manager will
not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of
race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. The Manager will take
affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed, and that employees
are treated during employment without regard to their race, color, religion,
sex, or national origin. Such action shall include, but not be limited to the
following: Employment, upgrading, demotion, or transfer; recruitment or
recruitment advertising; layoff or termination; rates of pay or other forms of
compensation; and selection for training, including apprenticeship. The Manager
agrees to post in conspicuous places, available to employees and applicants for
employment, notices to be provided setting forth the provisions of this
nondiscrimination clause.

           (2) The Manager will, in all solicitations or advertisements for
employees placed by or on behalf of the Manager, state that all qualified
applicants will receive considerations for employment without regard to race,
color, religion, sex, or national origin.

           (3) The Manager will send to each labor union or representative of
workers with which he has a collective bargaining agreement or other contract or
understanding, a notice to be provided advising the said labor union or workers'
representatives of the Manager's commitments under this section, and shall post
copies of the notice in conspicuous places available to employees and applicants
for employment.

           (4) The Manager will comply with all provisions of Executive Order
11246 of September 24, 1965, and of the rules, regulations, and relevant orders
of the Secretary of Labor.

           (5) The Manager will furnish all information and reports required by
Executive Order 11246 of September 24, 1965, and by rules, regulations, and
orders of the Secretary of Labor, or pursuant thereto, and will permit access to
his books, records, and accounts by the administering agency and the Secretary
of Labor for purposes of investigation to ascertain compliance with such rules,
regulations, and orders.

           (6) In the event of the Manager's noncompliance with the
nondiscrimination clauses of this contract or with any of the said rules,
regulations, or orders, this contract may be canceled, terminated, or suspended
in whole or in part and the Manager may be declared ineligible for further
Government contracts or federally assisted construction contracts in accordance
with procedures authorized in Executive Order 11246 of September 24, 1965, and
such other sanctions may be imposed and remedies invoked as provided in
Executive Order 11246 of September 24, 1965, or by rule, regulation, or order of
the Secretary of Labor, or as otherwise provided by law.

           (7) The Manager will include the portion of the sentence immediately
preceding paragraph (1) and the provisions of paragraphs (1) through (7) in
every subcontract or purchase order unless exempted by rules, regulations, or
orders of the Secretary of Labor issued pursuant to section 204 of Executive

<PAGE>
Order 11246 of September 24, 1965, so that such provisions will be binding upon
each subcontractor or vendor. The Manager will take such action with respect to
any subcontract or purchase order as the administering agency may direct as a
means of enforcing such provisions, including sanctions for noncompliance.
Provided, however, that in the event a Manager becomes involved in, or is
threatened with, litigation with a subcontractor or vendor as a result of such
direction by the administering agency the Manager may request the United States
to enter into such litigation to protect the interests of the United States.

           (8) In consideration of contracts with Sprint PCS, the Manager agrees
to execute the Certificate of Compliance attached hereto as Attachment I and
further agrees that this certification shall be part of each contract between
Sprint PCS and Manager. The Manager will include Attachment I in every
subcontract or purchase order, so that such provisions will be binding upon each
subcontractor.










                                       2
<PAGE>
          Attachment I

                         CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE WITH
                               FEDERAL REGULATIONS

In consideration of contracts with SPRINT SPECTRUM L.P., the undersigned
"contractor", "vendor" or "consultant" agrees to the following and further
agrees that this Certification shall be a part of each purchase order, supply
agreement, or contract between SPRINT SPECTRUM L.P. and the undersigned.

1.         Equal Opportunity

           Executive Order 11246 is herein incorporated by reference.

2.         Affirmative Action Compliance

           If undersigned Contractor has 50 or more employees and if this
           contract is for $50,000 or more, Contractor shall develop a written
           Affirmative Action Compliance Program for each of its establishments,
           as required by rules and regulations of the Secretary of Labor (41
           CFR 60-1 and 60-2).

3.         Affirmative Action for Special Disabled and Vietnam Era Veterans

           If this contract exceeds $10,000, the undersigned Contractor
           certifies that the Contractor does not discriminate against any
           employee or applicant because the person is a Special Disabled or
           Vietnam Veteran and complies with the rules, regulations and relevant
           orders of the Secretary of Labor issued pursuant to the Vietnam
           Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1972, as amended.

           Contractor hereby represents that it has developed and has on file,
           at each establishment, affirmative action programs for Special
           Disabled and Vietnam Era Veterans required by the rules and
           regulations of the Secretary of Labor (41 CFR 60-250).

4.         Affirmative Action for Handicapped Workers

           If this contract exceeds $2,500, the undersigned Contractor certifies
           that the Contractor does not discriminate against any employee or
           applicant because of physical or mental handicap and complies with
           the rules, regulations and relevant orders of the Secretary of Labor
           issued under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.

           Contractor hereby represents that it has developed and has on file,
           at each establishment, affirmative action programs for Handicapped
           Workers required by the rules and regulations of the Secretary of
           Labor (41 CFR 60-741).

5.         Employer Information Report (EEO-1 Standard Form 100)

<PAGE>
           If undersigned Contractor has 50 or more employees and if this
           contract is for $10,000 or more, Contractor shall complete and file
           government Standard Form 100, Equal Employment Opportunity Employer
           Information Report EEO-1, in accordance with instructions contained
           therein.

6.         Compliance Review

           The undersigned Contractor certifies that it has not been subject to
           a Government equal opportunity compliance review. If the Contractor
           has been reviewed, that review occurred on __________________ (date).

7.         Utilization of Small Business Concerns

           SPRINT SPECTRUM L.P.'s policy, consistent with Federal Acquisition
           Regulations (FAR 52.219-8), is that small business concerns,
           veteran-owned small business concerns, service-disabled veteran-owned
           small business concerns, HUBZone small business concerns, small
           disadvantaged business concerns, and women-owned small business
           concerns shall have the maximum practicable opportunity to
           participate in performing subcontracts under Government contracts for
           which SPRINT SPECTRUM L.P. is the Government's Prime Contractor.
           SPRINT SPECTRUM L.P. awards contracts to small businesses to the
           fullest extent consistent with efficient prime contract performance.
           The Contractor agrees to use its best efforts to carry out this
           policy in the award of its subcontract to the fullest extent
           consistent with the efficient performance of this contract.

           Contractor hereby represents that it ___ is ___ is not a small
           business, ___ is ___ is not a small business owned and controlled by
           socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and ___ is ___
           is not a small business controlled and operated as a women-owned
           small business as defined by the regulations implementing the Small
           Business Act.

           If the answer to any of the above is in the affirmative, Contractor
           will complete SPRINT SPECTRUM L.P. Small/Minority/Women Owned
           Business Self Certification Form. This form is available from Sprint
           Corporation's Human Resources Department.

8.         Clean Air and Water

           The undersigned Contractor certifies that any facility to be used in
           the performance of this contract ___ is ___ is not listed on the
           Environmental Protection Agency List of Violating Facilities.

           The undersigned Contractor agrees to immediately notify SPRINT
           SPECTRUM L.P., immediately upon the receipt of any communication from
           the Administrator or a designee of the Environmental Protection
           Agency indicating that any facility that the Contractor proposes to
           use for the performance of the contract is under consideration to be
           listed on the EPA List of Violating Facilities. SPRINT SPECTRUM L.P.
           includes this certification and agreement pursuant to FAR 52-223-1(c)


                                       2
<PAGE>
           which requires including such paragraph (c) in every nonexempt
           subcontract.


                                          CONTRACTOR:

                                          --------------------------------
                                          Company Name
                                          --------------------------------
                                          Address
                                          --------------------------------
                                          City       State  Zip


                                          By __________________________
                                          Name:________________________
                                          Title:_______________________

















                                       3

