
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

DPAC Technologies Receives Compliance Extension by Nasdaq Stock Market

    GARDEN GROVE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 22, 2004--DPAC
Technologies (NASDAQ:DPAC), announced today that the Company received
notification from The Nasdaq SmallCap Market that DPAC was provided an
extension of an additional 180 calendar days, or until June 20, 2005,
to regain compliance with the $1.00 minimum bid price requirement and
maintain our listing on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market. Additional time to
regain compliance was awarded at this time as DPAC Technologies met
all other initial listing criteria. We also were notified that no
additional extensions will be granted, and that the 180 days is for
regaining compliance with the minimum bid price requirement only, and
DPAC would be subject to delisting during that period if it should
fail to comply with any other listing requirements.
    DPAC Technologies Corp.'s Common Stock began trading on The Nasdaq
SmallCap Market effective, August 4, 2004.

    About DPAC Technologies

    Located in Garden Grove, California, DPAC Technologies provides
embedded wireless networking and connectivity products for
machine-to-machine communication applications. DPAC's wireless
products are used by major OEMs in the transportation, instrumentation
and industrial control, homeland security, medical diagnostics and
logistics markets to provide remote data collection and control. The
Company's web site address is www.dpactech.com.

    Forward-Looking Statements

    This press release includes forward-looking statements, including
statements regarding technology development, expansion and business
plans that are subject to change, uncertainties and risks. Every
statement herein that is not historic in nature is a forward-looking
statement for purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve
risks and uncertainties, and therefore results may differ materially
from those set forth in these statements. Factors that affect DPAC's
business include, but are not limited to, the degree of market
acceptance of our existing and planned wireless connectivity products,
future business opportunities with these products, the IDA market and
prospects for future considerations under this agreement, protection
of licensed technology or proprietary rights, risks of litigation, and
general market and economic conditions. More information about the
risks and challenges faced by DPAC Technologies Corp. is contained in
the Securities and Exchange Commission filings made by the Company on
Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. DPAC Technologies Corp. specifically
disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements whether as a result of new information, future developments
or otherwise.

    CONTACT: DPAC Technologies
             Steve Vukadinovich, Chief Financial Officer
             Kim Early, Chief Executive Officer
             714-898-0007
             steve.vukadinovich@dpactech.com / kim.early@dpactech.com
             www.dpactech.com

