
                                                                     Exhibit 4.3



JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association
P.O. Box 161
60 Victoria Embankment
London EC4Y 0JP
England
                                                December 23, 2004
To: Scientific Games Corporation
750 Lexington Avenue, 25th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Attention: Treasurer
Telephone No.: (212) 754-2233
Facsimile No.: (212) 754-2372


Re: Warrants


      The purpose of this letter agreement is to confirm the terms and
conditions of the Warrants issued by Scientific Games Corporation (the
"Company") to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., London Branch ("JPMorgan") on the Trade
Date specified below (the "Transaction"). This letter agreement constitutes a
"Confirmation" as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below. This
Confirmation shall replace any previous letter and serve as the final
documentation for this Transaction.

      The definitions and provisions contained in the 1996 ISDA Equity
Derivatives Definitions (the "Equity Definitions"), as published by the
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., are incorporated into
this Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the Equity
Definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation shall govern. This
Transaction shall be deemed to be a Share Option Transaction within the meaning
set forth in the Equity Definitions.

      Each party is hereby advised, and each such party acknowledges, that the
other party has engaged in, or refrained from engaging in, substantial financial
transactions and has taken other material actions in reliance upon the parties'
entry into the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates on the terms and
conditions set forth below.

1.    This Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between
      JPMorgan and the Company as to the terms of the Transaction to which this
      Confirmation relates. This Confirmation shall supplement, form a part of,
      and be subject to an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master
      Agreement (the "Agreement") as if JPMorgan and the Company had executed an
      agreement in such form (but without any Schedule except for the election
      of the laws of the State of New York as the governing law and United
      States dollars as the Termination Currency) on the Trade Date. In the
      event of any inconsistency between provisions of that Agreement and this
      Confirmation, this Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of the
      Transaction to which this Confirmation relates. The parties hereby agree
      that no Transaction other than the Transaction to which this Confirmation
      relates shall be governed by the Agreement.

<PAGE>

2.    The terms of the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation relates
      are as follows:

General Terms:

     Trade Date:                  December 23, 2004

     Warrants:                    Equity call warrants on the terms hereof, each
                                  giving the holder the right to purchase one
                                  Share at the Strike Price, subject to the
                                  Settlement Terms set forth below. For the
                                  purposes of the Equity Definitions, each
                                  reference to a Warrant shall be deemed to be a
                                  reference to a Call Option.

     Warrant Style:               European

     Buyer:                       JPMorgan

     Seller:                      Company

     Shares:                      The Class A Common Stock of the Company, par
                                  value USD 0.01 per Share (Exchange symbol
                                  "SGMS")

     Number of Warrants:          4,295,532

     Daily Number of Warrants:    71,592.20, subject to adjustments provided
                                  herein.

     Warrant Entitlement:         One Share per Warrant

     Strike Price:                USD 37.248

     Premium:                     USD 17,130,000

     Premium Payment Date:        December 23, 2004

     Exchange:                    The NASDAQ National Market System

     Related Exchange(s):         The principal exchange(s) for options
                                  contracts or futures contracts, if any, with
                                  respect to the Shares

Exercise and Valuation:

      Expiration Time:            The Valuation Time

      First Expiration Date:      June 1, 2010, subject to Market Disruption
                                  Event below.

      Expiration Date:            For any Daily Number of Warrants, each of the
                                  60 Exchange Business Days beginning on and
                                  including the First Expiration Date.

      Automatic Exercise:         Applicable; and means that a number of
                                  Warrants for each Expiration Date equal to the
                                  Daily Number of Warrants (as adjusted pursuant
                                  to the terms hereof) for such Expiration Date
                                  will be deemed to be automatically exercised.
                                  For the avoidance of doubt, Automatic Exercise
                                  shall apply separately to each Expiration
                                  Date.

                                       2
<PAGE>

      Market Disruption Event:    Modified Postponement (as if each Expiration
                                  Date were an Averaging Date for the purposes
                                  of Section 4.4(d)(iii)(A) of the Equity
                                  Definitions and for the purposes of the
                                  definition of "Valid Date"); provided that
                                  references in Section 4.4(d)(iii)(A) to "fifth
                                  Exchange Business Day" shall be replaced by
                                  "eighth Exchange Business Day".

Valuation applicable to each Warrant:

     Valuation Time:              At the close of trading of the regular
                                  trading session on the Exchange; provided
                                  that if the principal trading session is
                                  extended, the Calculation Agent shall
                                  determine the Valuation Time in its
                                  reasonable discretion.

     Valuation Date:              Each Exercise Date.

 Settlement Terms applicable to the Transaction:

     Method of Settlement:        Net Share Settlement; and means that, on each
                                  Settlement Date, Company shall deliver to
                                  JPMorgan, the Share Delivery Quantity of
                                  Shares for such Settlement Date to the account
                                  specified hereto free of payment through the
                                  Clearance System.

     Share Delivery Quantity:     For any Settlement Date, a number of Shares,
                                  as calculated by the Calculation Agent, equal
                                  to the Net Share Settlement Amount for such
                                  Settlement Date divided by the Settlement
                                  Price on the Valuation Date in respect of such
                                  Settlement Date, plus cash in lieu of any
                                  fractional shares (based on such Settlement
                                  Price).

     Net Share Settlement Amount: For any Settlement Date, any amount equal to
                                  (i) the Number of Warrants being exercised on
                                  the relevant Exercise Date multiplied by (ii)
                                  the Strike Price Differential for such
                                  Settlement Date.

     Strike Price Differential:   (a) If the Settlement Price for any Valuation
                                  Date is greater than the Strike Price, an
                                  amount equal to the excess of such Settlement
                                  Price over the Strike Price; or

                                  (b) If such Settlement Price is less than or
                                  equal to the Strike Price, zero.

     Settlement Price:            For any Valuation Date, the official closing
                                  price per Share quoted by the Exchange (or, if
                                  no closing price is so quoted, the last
                                  reported sale price) as of the Valuation Time
                                  on such Valuation Date.

     Settlement Date:             For any Exercise Date, the date defined as
                                  such in Section 6.2 of the Equity Definitions,
                                  subject to Section 9(o)(i) hereof.

     Failure to Deliver:          Inapplicable

     Other Applicable Provisions: The provisions of Sections 6.6, 6.7, 6.8, 6.9
                                  and 6.10 of the Equity Definitions will be
                                  applicable, except that all references in such
                                  provisions to "Physically-Settled" shall be
                                  read as references to "Net Share Settled".
                                  "Net Share Settled" in relation to any Warrant
                                  means that Net Share Settlement is applicable
                                  to that Warrant.


                                       3
<PAGE>

3. Additional Terms applicable to the Transaction:

   Adjustments applicable to the Warrants:

     Method of Adjustment:        Calculation Agent Adjustment. For avoidance of
                                  doubt, in making any adjustments under the
                                  Equity Definitions, the Calculation Agent may
                                  adjust the Daily Number of Warrants.
                                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any cash
                                  dividends or distributions, whether or not
                                  extraordinary, shall be governed by Section
                                  9(j) of this Confirmation and not by Section
                                  9.1(c) of the Equity Definitions.

   Extraordinary Events applicable to the Transaction:

     Consequence of Merger Events

     (a)  Share-for-Share:        Alternative Obligation; provided that the
                                  Calculation Agent will determine if the Merger
                                  Event affects the theoretical value of the
                                  Transaction and if so JPMorgan in its sole
                                  discretion may elect to make adjustments to
                                  the Strike Price and any other term necessary
                                  to reflect the characteristics (including
                                  volatility, dividend practice, borrow cost,
                                  and policy and liquidity) of the New Shares.
                                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cancellation
                                  and Payment shall apply in the event the New
                                  Shares are not publicly traded on a United
                                  States national securities exchange or quoted
                                  on the NASDAQ National Market System.

     (b)  Share-for-Other:        Cancellation and Payment

     (c)  Share-for-Combined:     Cancellation and Payment

     Nationalization or           Cancellation and Payment
     Insolvency:

4.   Calculation Agent:           JPMorgan, whose calculations and
                                  determinations shall be made in good faith and
                                  in a commercially reasonable manner.

5.   Account Details:

      (a) Account for payments to Company:

             Scientific Games Management Corp., Agent
             The Bank of New York
             New York, NY
             ABA # 021-000-018
             CHIPS # 0001
             SWIFT Code IRVUS3N
             Account Number 6302386623
             Reference: Scientific Games Corp.

             Account for delivery of Shares to Company:

             As notified to JPMorgan by Company in writing from time to time.


                                       4
<PAGE>

      (b) Account for payments to JPMorgan:

             JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., New York
             ABA:  021 000 021
             Favour: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. - London
             A/C:  0010962009
             CHASUS33

             Account for delivery of Shares from JPMorgan:

             DTC 060

6. Offices:

The Office of Company for the Transaction is: Inapplicable, Company is not a
Multibranch Party.

The Office of JPMorgan for the Transaction is: New York

             JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
             London Branch
             P.O. Box 161
             60 Victoria Embankment
             London EC4Y 0JP
             England

7. Notices: For purposes of this Confirmation:

(a)         Address for notices or communications to Company:
            750 Lexington Avenue, 25th Floor
            New York, NY 10022
            Attention: Treasurer
            Telephone No.: (212) 754-2233
            Facsimile No.: (212) 754-2372

                    Address for notices or communications to JPMorgan:

            JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
            277 Park Avenue, 11th Floor
            New York, NY  10172
            Attention:  Kevin J. Moran
            EDG Corporate Marketing
            Telephone No: (212) 622-6707
            Facsimile No: (212) 622-8534

8.          Representations and Warranties of the Company and Other Matters

(a)         The Company hereby represents and warrants to JPMorgan that the
            Company and each of its subsidiaries have been duly organized and
            are validly existing and in good standing under the laws of their
            respective jurisdictions of organization, are duly qualified to do
            business and are in good standing in each jurisdiction in which
            their respective ownership or lease of property or the conduct of
            their respective businesses requires such qualification, and have
            all power and authority necessary to own or hold their respective
            properties and to conduct the businesses in which they are engaged,
            except where the failure to be so qualified or have such power or
            authority would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
            material adverse effect on the business, properties,


                                       5

<PAGE>

            management, financial position, results of operations or prospects
            of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or on the
            performance by the Company of its obligations under the Transaction
            (a "Material Adverse Effect").

(b)         The Company hereby represents and warrants to JPMorgan that the
            Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute,
            deliver and perform its obligations in respect of this Transaction;
            such execution, delivery and performance have been duly authorized
            by all necessary corporate action on the Company's part; and this
            Confirmation has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the
            Company and constitutes its valid and binding obligation,
            enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
            subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
            reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors'
            rights and remedies generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to
            general principles of equity, including principles of commercial
            reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing (regardless of whether
            enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity) and
            except that rights to indemnification and contribution thereunder
            may be limited by federal or state securities laws or public policy
            relating thereto.

(c)         The Company hereby represents and warrants to JPMorgan that neither
            the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its
            charter or by-laws or similar organizational documents; (ii) in
            default, and no event has occurred that, with notice or lapse of
            time or both, would constitute such a default, in the due
            performance or observance of any term, covenant or condition
            contained in any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement
            or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its
            subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its
            subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of
            the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject; or (iii) in
            violation of any applicable law or statute or any judgment, order,
            rule or regulation of any court or arbitrator or governmental or
            regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Company or any of
            its subsidiaries or any of their properties, as applicable, except,
            in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for any such default or
            violation that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
            Material Adverse Effect.

(d)         The Company hereby represents and warrants to JPMorgan that the
            execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this
            Confirmation and compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and
            the consummation of the Transaction will not (i) conflict with or
            result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions
            of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or
            imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or
            assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, any
            indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement (including but
            not limited to the Credit Agreement dated as of December 23, 2004
            among the Counterparty, as borrower, the several lenders from time
            to time thereto and JPMorgan, as administrative agent) or other
            agreement or instrument to which the Company or any of its
            subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its
            subsidiaries is bound or to which any of the property or assets of
            the Company or any of its subsidiaries is subject, (ii) result in
            any violation of the provisions of the charter or by-laws or similar
            organizational documents of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
            or (iii) result in the violation of any applicable law or statute or
            any judgment, order, rule or regulation of any court or arbitrator
            or governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the
            Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their properties, as
            applicable, except, in the case of clauses (i) and (iii) above, for
            any such conflict, breach or violation that would not, individually
            or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)         The Company hereby represents and warrants to JPMorgan that the
            Shares of the Company initially issuable upon exercise of the
            Warrant by the net share settlement method (the "Warrant Shares")
            have been reserved for issuance by all required corporate action of
            the Company. The Warrant Shares have been duly authorized and, when
            delivered against payment therefor (which may include Net Share
            Settlement in lieu of cash) and otherwise as contemplated by the
            terms of the Warrant following the exercise of the Warrant in
            accordance with the terms and conditions of

                                       6
<PAGE>

            the Warrant, will be validly issued, fully-paid and non-assessable,
            and the issuance of the Warrant Shares will not be subject to any
            preemptive or similar rights.

(f)         The Company hereby represents and warrants to JPMorgan that except
            as set forth or incorporated by reference in the Company's Annual
            Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 (the
            "Company's 10-K"), as updated by any subsequent filings, there are
            no legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, suits
            or proceedings pending to which the Company or any of its
            subsidiaries is or may be a party or to which any property of the
            Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may be the subject that,
            individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the
            Company or any of its subsidiaries, could reasonably be expected to
            have a Material Adverse Effect; and no such investigations, actions,
            suits or proceedings are threatened or, to the knowledge of the
            Company, are contemplated by any governmental or regulatory
            authority or threatened in writing by others.

(g)         The Company hereby represents and warrants to JPMorgan that the
            Company's 10-K, as updated by any subsequent filings, does not, as
            of the Trade Date, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or
            omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
            necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
            the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(h)         The Company hereby represents and warrants to JPMorgan that it is an
            "eligible contract participant" (as such term is defined in Section
            1(a)(12) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA")
            because one or more of the following is true:

            The Company is a corporation, partnership, proprietorship,
            organization, trust or other entity and:

            (A)   the Company has total assets in excess of USD 10,000,000;

            (B)   the obligations of Company hereunder are guaranteed, or
                  otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support
                  or other agreement, by an entity of the type described in
                  Section 1a(12)(A)(i) through (iv), 1a(12)(A)(v)(I),
                  1a(12)(A)(vii) or 1a(12)(C) of the CEA; or

            (C)   the Company has a net worth in excess of USD 1,000,000 and has
                  entered into this Agreement in connection with the conduct of
                  Company's business or to manage the risk associated with an
                  asset or liability owned or incurred or reasonably likely to
                  be owned or incurred by Company in the conduct of Company's
                  business.

(i)         The Company hereby represents and warrants to JPMorgan that neither
            the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is an "investment company"
            or an entity "controlled" by an "investment company" within the
            meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the
            rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

(j)         The Company hereby represents and warrants to JPMorgan that the
            Company and its subsidiaries possess all licenses, certificates,
            permits and other authorizations issued by, and have made all
            declarations and filings with, the appropriate federal, state, local
            or foreign governmental or regulatory authorities that are necessary
            for the ownership or lease of their respective properties or the
            conduct of their respective businesses as described in the Company's
            10-K, as updated by any subsequent filings, except where the failure
            to possess or make the same would not, individually or in the
            aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and except as described
            in the Company's 10-K, as updated by any subsequent filings, neither
            the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice
            of any revocation or modification of any such license, certificate,
            permit or authorization or has any reason to believe that any such
            license, certificate, permit or authorization will not be renewed in
            the ordinary course.


                                       7
<PAGE>

(k)         The Company hereby represents and warrants to JPMorgan that no
            order, consent, approval, license, authorization or validation of,
            or filing, recording, qualification or registration with, or
            exemption or waiver by, any governmental authority or other person
            with responsibility for regulating gaming laws having jurisdiction
            over the Company or its subsidiaries, is required for the execution,
            delivery and performance by the Company of this Confirmation, other
            than the Order of the West Virginia State Lottery Commission dated
            and obtained December 7, 2004 and a waiver by the New Jersey Casino
            Control Commission (the "New Jersey Commission") of the requirement
            that JPMorgan satisfy the applicable qualification provisions of the
            New Jersey Casino Control Act and the regulations promulgated
            thereunder by the New Jersey Commission; further, subject to
            compliance with the requirements described above, the execution,
            delivery and performance of this Confirmation does not and will not
            result in a violation in any material respect of any gaming law or
            regulation.

(l)         The Company represents and warrants to JPMorgan that each of it and
            its affiliates is not, on the date hereof, in possession of any
            material non-public information with respect to Company.

(m)         The Company shall deliver an opinion of counsel, dated as of the
            Trade Date, to JPMorgan in the forms attached as Exhibit A, Exhibit
            B and Exhibit C.

(n)         If the Initial Purchasers party to the Purchase Agreement among the
            Company and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. and Bear, Stearns & Co., as
            representatives of the Initial Purchasers, dated as of December 1,
            2004, relating to the purchase of the Convertible Notes exercise
            their right to receive additional Convertible Notes pursuant to the
            Initial Purchasers' option to purchase additional Convertible Notes,
            then, at the discretion of the Company, JPMorgan and the Company
            will amend this Confirmation (substantially in the form attached as
            Exhibit D to this Confirmation) to provide for such increase in
            Convertible Notes (such amendment to this Confirmation to provide
            for the payment by the Company to JPMorgan of the additional premium
            related thereto).

9.          Other Provisions:

(a)         No Reliance, etc. Each party represents that (i) it is entering into
            the Transaction evidenced hereby as principal (and not as agent or
            in any other capacity); (ii) neither the other party or parties nor
            any of its or their agents are acting as a fiduciary for it; (iii)
            it is not relying upon any representations except those expressly
            set forth in the Agreement or this Confirmation; (iv) it has not
            relied on the other party or parties for any legal, regulatory, tax,
            business, investment, financial, and accounting advice, and it has
            made its own investment, hedging, and trading decisions based upon
            its own judgment and not upon any view expressed by the other party
            or parties or any of its or their agents; and (v) it is entering
            into this Transaction with a full understanding of the terms,
            conditions and risks thereof and it is capable of and willing to
            assume those risks.

(b)         Share De-listing Event. If at any time during the period from and
            including the Trade Date, to and including the final Valuation Date,
            the Shares cease to be listed or quoted on the Exchange for any
            reason (other than a Merger Event as a result of which all of the
            property underlying the Options consists of shares of common stock
            that are listed or quoted on The New York Stock Exchange, The
            American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or
            their respective successors) (the "Successor Exchange")) and are not
            immediately re-listed or quoted as of the date of such de-listing on
            the Successor Exchange, then Cancellation and Payment (as defined in
            Section 9.6 of the Equity Definitions treating the "Announcement
            Date" as the date of first public announcement that the Share
            De-Listing will occur and the "Merger Date" as the date of the Share
            De-Listing) shall apply, and the date of the de-listing shall be
            deemed the date of termination for purposes of calculating any
            payment due from one party to any of the others in connection with
            the cancellation of this Transaction. If the Shares are immediately
            re-listed on a Successor Exchange upon their de-listing from the
            Exchange, this Transaction shall continue in full force and effect,
            provided that the Successor Exchange shall be deemed to be the
            Exchange for

                                       8
<PAGE>

            all purposes hereunder. In addition, the Calculation Agent shall
            make any adjustments it deems necessary to the terms of the
            Transaction in accordance with Calculation Agent Adjustment method
            as defined under Section 9.1(c) of the Equity Definitions.

(c)         Repurchase Notices. Company shall, on any day on which Company
            effects any repurchase of Shares, promptly give JPMorgan a written
            notice of such repurchase (a "Repurchase Notice") on such day if
            following such repurchase, the Warrants Equity Percentage as
            determined on such day is (i) equal to or greater than 7.5% and (ii)
            greater by 0.5% than the Warrants Equity Percentage included in the
            immediately preceding Repurchase Notice (or, in the case of the
            first such Repurchase Notice, greater than the Warrants Equity
            Percentage as of the date hereof). The "Warrants Equity Percentage"
            as of any day is the fraction (A) the numerator of which is the
            product of the Number of Warrants and the Warrant Entitlement and
            (B) the denominator of which is the number of Shares outstanding on
            such day. Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless JPMorgan and
            its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees,
            affiliates, advisors, agents and controlling persons (each, an
            "Indemnified Person") from and against any and all losses (including
            losses relating to JPMorgan's hedging activities as a consequence of
            becoming, or of the risk of becoming, a Section 16 "insider",
            including without limitation, any forbearance from hedging
            activities or cessation of hedging activities and any losses in
            connection therewith with respect to this Transaction), claims,
            damages, judgments, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable
            attorney's fees), joint or several, which an Indemnified Person
            actually may become subject to, a result of Company's failure to
            provide JPMorgan with a Repurchase Notice on the day and in the
            manner specified in this Section 9(c), and to reimburse, within 30
            days, upon written request, each of such Indemnified Persons for any
            reasonable legal or other expenses incurred in connection with
            investigating, preparing for, providing testimony or other evidence
            in connection with or defending any of the foregoing. If any suit,
            action, proceeding (including any governmental or regulatory
            investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against
            the Indemnified Person, such Indemnified Person shall promptly
            notify the Company in writing, and the Company, upon request of the
            Indemnified Person, shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to
            the Indemnified Person to represent the Indemnified Person and any
            others the Company may designate in such proceeding and shall pay
            the fees and expenses of such counsel related to such proceeding.
            Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding
            effected without its written consent, but if settled with such
            consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, Company
            agrees to indemnify any Indemnified Person from and against any loss
            or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. Company shall
            not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Person,
            effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in
            respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a
            party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such
            Indemnified Person, unless such settlement includes an unconditional
            release of such Indemnified Person from all liability on claims that
            are the subject matter of such proceeding on terms reasonably
            satisfactory to such Indemnified Person. If the indemnification
            provided for in this paragraph (c) is unavailable to an Indemnified
            Person or insufficient in respect of any losses, claims, damages or
            liabilities referred to therein, then Company under such paragraph,
            in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Person thereunder, shall
            contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Person
            as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities. The
            remedies provided for in this paragraph (c) are not exclusive and
            shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be
            available to any Indemnified Person at law or in equity. The
            indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this paragraph
            (c) shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless
            of the termination of this Transaction.

(d)         Regulation M. The Company was not on the Trade Date and is not on
            the date hereof engaged in a distribution, as such term is used in
            Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
            ("Exchange Act"), of any securities of Company, other than a
            distribution of securities meeting the requirements of the exception
            set forth in sections 101(b)(10) and 102(b)(7) of Regulation M. The
            Company shall not, until the fifth Exchange Business Day immediately
            following the Trade Date, engage in any such distribution.


                                       9
<PAGE>

(e)         No Manipulation. The Company is not entering into this Transaction
            to create actual or apparent trading activity in the Shares (or any
            security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares) or to
            raise or depress or otherwise manipulate the price of the Shares (or
            any security convertible into or exchangeable for the Shares).

(f)         Board Authorization. Company represents that it is entering into the
            Transaction, solely for the purposes stated in the board resolution
            authorizing this Transaction and in its public disclosure. Company
            further represents that there is no internal policy, whether written
            or oral, of Company that would prohibit Company from entering into
            any aspect of this Transaction, including, but not limited to, the
            purchases of Shares to be made pursuant hereto.

(g)         Transfer or Assignment. Company may not transfer any of its rights
            or obligations under this Transaction without the prior written
            consent of JPMorgan. JPMorgan may transfer or assign all or any
            portion of its rights or obligations under this Transaction without
            consent of the Company. If JPMorgan, in its sole discretion,
            determines that its "beneficial ownership" (within the meaning of
            Section 16 of the Exchange Act and rules promulgated thereunder)
            exceeds 8% or more of the Company's outstanding Shares and, in its
            sole discretion, JPMorgan is unable after its commercially
            reasonable efforts to effect a transfer or assignment on pricing
            terms and in a time period reasonably acceptable to JPMorgan that
            would reduce its "beneficial ownership" to 7.5%, JPMorgan may
            designate any Exchange Business Day as an Early Termination Date
            with respect to a portion (the "Terminated Portion") of this
            Transaction, such that the its "beneficial ownership" following such
            partial termination will be equal to or less than 8%. In the event
            that JPMorgan so designates an Early Termination Date with respect
            to a portion of this Transaction, a payment shall be made pursuant
            to Section 6 of the Agreement as if (i) an Early Termination Date
            had been designated in respect of a Transaction having terms
            identical to this Transaction and a Number of Warrants equal to the
            Terminated Portion, (ii) the Company and JPMorgan shall both be
            Affected Parties with respect to such partial termination and (iii)
            such Transaction shall be the only Terminated Transaction. For the
            avoidance of doubt, if JPMorgan assigns or terminates any Warrants
            hereunder, each Daily Number of Warrants not previously settled
            shall be reduced proportionally, as calculated by the Calculation
            Agent. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Confirmation to
            the contrary requiring or allowing JPMorgan to purchase, sell,
            receive or deliver any shares or other securities to or from
            Company, JPMorgan may designate any of its affiliates to purchase,
            sell, receive or deliver such shares or other securities and
            otherwise to perform JPMorgan's obligations in respect of this
            Transaction and any such designee may assume such obligations.
            JPMorgan shall be discharged of its obligations to Company to the
            extent of any such performance.

(h)         Amendment. Paragraph (i) of Section 9.7(b) of the Equity Definitions
            is hereby amended for purposes of this Transaction by replacing
            "two-year" with "90 calendar day".

(i)         Damages. Neither party shall be liable under Section 6.10 of the
            Equity Definitions for special, indirect or consequential damages,
            even if informed of the possibility thereof.

(j)         Dividends. If at any time during the period from and including the
            Trade Date, to but excluding the Expiration Date, an ex-dividend
            date for a cash dividend occurs with respect to the Shares (an
            "Ex-Dividend Date"), and that dividend is greater than the Regular
            Dividend on a per Share basis then the Calculation Agent will adjust
            the Strike Price to preserve the fair value of the Warrant to
            JPMorgan after taking into account such dividend. "Regular Dividend"
            shall mean USD 0.00 per Share per quarter.

(k)         Role of Agent. Each party agrees and acknowledges that (i) J.P.
            Morgan Securities Inc., an affiliate of JPMorgan ("JPMSI"), has
            acted solely as agent and not as principal with respect to this
            Transaction and (ii) JPMSI has no obligation or liability, by way of
            guaranty, endorsement or otherwise, in any manner in respect of this
            Transaction (including, if applicable, in respect of the settlement
            thereof). Each party agrees it will look solely to the other party
            (or any guarantor in respect thereof) for performance of such other
            party's obligations under this Transaction.


                                       10
<PAGE>

(l)         Additional Provisions.
            ---------------------

            (i) The first paragraph of Section 9.1(c) of the Equity Definitions
            is hereby amended to read as follows: (c) `If "Calculation Agent
            Adjustment" is specified as the method of adjustment in the
            Confirmation of a Share Option Transaction, then following the
            declaration by the Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment
            Event, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential
            Adjustment Event has a material effect on the theoretical value of
            the relevant Shares or Warrants and, if so, will (i) make
            appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more of:' and, the
            sentence immediately preceding Section 9.1(c)(ii) is hereby amended
            by deleting the words "diluting or concentrative".

            (ii) Section 9.1(e)(vi) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended
            by deleting the words "other similar" between "any" and "event";
            deleting the words "diluting or concentrative" and replacing them
            with "material"; and adding the following words at the end of the
            sentence "or Warrants".

            (iii) Section 9.6(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended
            by (1) deleting from the third line thereof the word "or" after the
            word "official" and inserting a comma therefor, and (2) deleting the
            period at the end of subsection (ii) thereof and inserting the
            following words therefor " or (C) at JPMorgan's option, the
            occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 5(a)(vii) (1)
            through (9) of the ISDA Master Agreement with respect to that
            Issuer."

            (iv) Notwithstanding Section 9.7 of the Equity Definitions,
            everything in the first paragraph of Section 9.7(b) of the Equity
            Definitions after the words "Calculation Agent" in the third line
            through the remainder of such Section 9.7 shall be deleted and
            replaced with the following:

            "based on an amount representing the Calculation Agent's
            determination of the fair value to Buyer of an option with terms
            that would preserve for Buyer the economic equivalent of any payment
            or delivery (assuming satisfaction of each applicable condition
            precedent) by the parties in respect of the relevant Transaction
            that would have been required after that date but for the occurrence
            of the Merger Event, Nationalization, Insolvency or De-Listing
            Event, as the case may be."

(m)         No Collateral, Netting or Setoff. Notwithstanding any provision of
            the Agreement or any other agreement between the parties to the
            contrary, the obligations of the Company hereunder are not secured
            by any collateral. Obligations under this Transaction shall not be
            netted or set off against any other obligations of the parties,
            whether arising under the Agreement, this Confirmation, under any
            other agreement between the parties hereto, by operation of law or
            otherwise. Any provision in the Agreement with respect to the
            satisfaction of the Company's payment obligations to the extent of
            JPMorgan's payment obligations to the Company in the same currency
            and in the same Transaction (including, without limitation Section
            2(c) thereof) shall not apply to the Company and, for the avoidance
            of doubt, the Company shall fully satisfy such payment obligations
            notwithstanding any payment obligation to the Company by JPMorgan in
            the same currency and in the same Transaction. In calculating any
            amounts under Section 6(e) of the Agreement, notwithstanding
            anything to the contrary in the Agreement, (i) separate amounts
            shall be calculated as set forth in such Section 6(e) with respect
            to (a) this Transaction and (ii) all other Transactions, and (2)
            such separate amounts shall be payable pursuant to Section 6(d)(ii)
            of the Agreement.

(n)         Alternative Calculations and Payment on Early Termination and on
            Certain Extraordinary Events. If, in respect of this Transaction, an
            amount is payable by the Company to JPMorgan, (i) pursuant to
            Section 9.7 of the Equity Definitions (except in the event of a
            Nationalization or Insolvency or a Merger Event, in each case, in
            which the consideration to be paid to holders of Shares consists
            solely of cash) or (ii) pursuant to Section 6(d)(ii) of the
            Agreement (except in the event of an Event of Default in which
            Company is the Defaulting Party or a Termination Event in which
            Company is the Affected Party, other than an Event of Default of the
            type described in

                                       11
<PAGE>

            Section 5(a)(iii), (v), (vi) or (vii) of the Agreement or a
            Termination Event of the type described in Section 5(b)(i), (ii),
            (iii), (iv),(v) or (vi) of the Agreement that resulted from an event
            or events outside Company's control) (a "Payment Obligation"),
            Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any such Payment
            Obligation by the Share Termination Alternative (as defined below)
            and shall give irrevocable telephonic notice to JPMorgan, confirmed
            in writing within one Currency Business Day, between the hours of
            9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. New York local time on the Merger Date, the
            date of the occurrence of the Nationalization or Insolvency, or
            Early Termination Date, as applicable ("Notice of Share
            Termination"). Upon Notice of Share Termination no later than 8:00
            a.m. on the Exchange Business Day immediately following the Merger
            Date, the date of the occurrence of the Nationalization or
            Insolvency, or Early Termination Date, as applicable, the following
            provisions shall apply:

            Share Termination Alternative: Applicable and means that Company
                                           shall deliver to JPMorgan the Share
                                           Termination Delivery Property on the
                                           date (the "Share Termination Payment
                                           Date") when the Payment Obligation
                                           would otherwise be due, subject to
                                           paragraph (o)(i) below, in
                                           satisfaction, subject to paragraph
                                           (o)(ii) below, of the Payment
                                           Obligation in the manner reasonably
                                           requested by JPMorgan free of
                                           payment.

            Share Termination Delivery     A number of Share Termination
            Property:                      Delivery Units, as calculated by the
                                           Calculation Agent, equal to the
                                           Payment Obligation divided by the
                                           Share Termination Unit Price. The
                                           Calculation Agent shall adjust the
                                           Share Termination Delivery Property
                                           by replacing any fractional portion
                                           of a security therein with an amount
                                           of cash equal to the value of such
                                           fractional security based on the
                                           values used to calculate the Share
                                           Termination Unit Price.

            Share Termination Unit Price:  The value to JPMorgan of property
                                           contained in one Share Termination
                                           Delivery Unit on the date such Share
                                           Termination Delivery Units are to be
                                           delivered as Share Termination
                                           Delivery Property, as determined by
                                           the Calculation Agent in its
                                           discretion by commercially reasonable
                                           means and notified by the Calculation
                                           Agent to Company at the time of
                                           notification of the Payment
                                           Obligation. In the case of a Private
                                           Placement of Share Termination
                                           Delivery Units that are Restricted
                                           Shares (as defined below) as set
                                           forth in paragraph (o)(i) below, the
                                           Share Termination Unit Price shall be
                                           determined by the discounted price
                                           applicable to such Share Termination
                                           Delivery Units. In the case of a
                                           Registered Settlement of Share
                                           Termination Delivery Units that are
                                           Restricted Shares (as defined below)
                                           as set forth in paragraph (o)(ii)
                                           below, the Share Termination Unit
                                           Price shall be the Settlement Price
                                           on the Merger Date, the date of the
                                           occurrence of the Nationalization or
                                           Insolvency, or Early Termination
                                           Date, as applicable.

            Share Termination Delivery     In the case of a Termination Event or
            Unit:                          Event of Default, one Share or, in
                                           the case of Nationalization or
                                           Insolvency or a Merger Event, a unit
                                           consisting of


                                       12
<PAGE>

                                           the number or amount of each type of
                                           property received by a holder of one
                                           Share (without consideration of any
                                           requirement to pay cash or other
                                           consideration in lieu of fractional
                                           amounts of any securities) in such
                                           Nationalization or Insolvency or such
                                           Merger Event. If a Share Termination
                                           Delivery Unit consists of property
                                           other than cash or New Shares, the
                                           Calculation Agent will replace such
                                           property with cash, New Shares or a
                                           combination thereof as components of
                                           a Share Termination Delivery Unit in
                                           such amounts, as determined by the
                                           Calculation Agent in its discretion
                                           by commercially reasonable means, as
                                           shall have a value equal to the value
                                           of the property so replaced. If such
                                           Merger Event involves a choice of
                                           consideration to be received by
                                           holders, such holder shall be deemed
                                           to have elected to receive the
                                           maximum possible amount of cash.

            Other applicable provisions:   If this Transaction is to be Share
                                           Termination Settled, the provisions
                                           of Sections 6.6, 6.7, 6.8, 6.9 and
                                           6.10 (as modified above) of the
                                           Equity Definitions will be
                                           applicable, except that all
                                           references in such provisions to
                                           "Physically-Settled" shall be read as
                                           references to "Share Termination
                                           Settled" and all references to
                                           "Shares" shall be read as references
                                           to "Share Termination Delivery
                                           Units". "Share Termination Settled"
                                           in relation to this Transaction means
                                           that Share Termination Settlement is
                                           applicable to this Transaction.

(o)         Registration/Private Placement Procedures. If, in the reasonable
            opinion of JPMorgan, following any delivery of Shares or Share
            Termination Delivery Property to JPMorgan hereunder, such Shares or
            Share Termination Delivery Property would be in the hands of
            JPMorgan subject to any applicable restrictions with respect to any
            registration or qualification requirement or prospectus delivery
            requirement for such Shares or Share Termination Delivery Property
            pursuant to any applicable federal or state securities law
            (including, without limitation, any such requirement arising under
            Section 5 of the Securities Act as a result of such Shares or Share
            Termination Delivery Property being "restricted securities", as such
            term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or as a result
            of the sale of such Shares or Share Termination Delivery Property
            being subject to paragraph (c) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act)
            (such Shares or Share Termination Delivery Property, "Restricted
            Shares"), then delivery of such Restricted Shares shall be effected
            pursuant to either clause (i) or (ii) below at the election of
            Company, unless waived by JPMorgan. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
            solely in respect of any Daily Number of Warrants exercised or
            deemed exercised on any Expiration Date, the Company shall elect,
            prior to the first Settlement Date for the first Expiration Date, a
            Private Placement Settlement or Registered Settlement for all
            deliveries of Restricted Shares for all such Expiration Dates which
            election shall be applicable to all Settlement Dates for such Daily
            Number of Warrants and the procedures in clause (i) or clause (ii)
            below shall apply for all such delivered Restricted Shares on an
            aggregate basis commencing after the final Settlement Date for such
            Daily Number of Warrants. The Calculation Agent shall make
            reasonable adjustments to settlement terms and provisions under this
            Confirmation to reflect a single Private Placement or Registered
            Settlement for such aggregate Restricted Shares delivered hereunder.


                                       13
<PAGE>

             (i)   If the Company elects to settle the Transaction pursuant to
                   this clause (i) (a "Private Placement Settlement"), then
                   delivery of Restricted Shares by the Company shall be
                   effected in customary private placement procedures with
                   respect to such Restricted Shares reasonably acceptable to
                   JPMorgan; provided that the Company may not elect a Private
                   Placement Settlement if, on the date of its election, it has
                   taken, or caused to be taken, any action that would make
                   unavailable either the exemption pursuant to Section 4(2) of
                   the Securities Act for the sale by the Company to JPMorgan
                   (or any affiliate designated by JPMorgan) of the Restricted
                   Shares or the exemption pursuant to Section 4(1) or Section
                   4(3) of the Securities Act for resales of the Restricted
                   Shares by JPMorgan (or any such affiliate of JPMorgan). The
                   Private Placement Settlement of such Restricted Shares shall
                   include customary representations, covenants, blue sky and
                   other governmental filings and/or registrations, indemnities
                   to JPMorgan, due diligence rights (for JPMorgan or any
                   designated buyer of the Restricted Shares by JPMorgan),
                   opinions and certificates, and such other documentation as is
                   customary for private placement agreements, all reasonably
                   acceptable to JPMorgan. In the case of a Private Placement
                   Settlement, JPMorgan shall determine the appropriate discount
                   to the Share Termination Unit Price (in the case of
                   settlement of Share Termination Delivery Units pursuant to
                   paragraph (n) above) or any Settlement Price (in the case of
                   settlement of Shares pursuant to Section 2 above) applicable
                   to such Restricted Shares in a commercially reasonable manner
                   and appropriately adjust the amount of such Restricted Shares
                   to be delivered to JPMorgan hereunder; provided that in no
                   event shall such number be greater than 49,619,010 (the
                   "Maximum Amount"). Notwithstanding the Agreement or this
                   Confirmation, the date of delivery of such Restricted Shares
                   shall be the Exchange Business Day following notice by
                   JPMorgan to the Company, of such applicable discount and the
                   number of Restricted Shares to be delivered pursuant to this
                   clause (i). For the avoidance of doubt, delivery of
                   Restricted Shares shall be due as set forth in the previous
                   sentence and not be due on the Share Termination Payment Date
                   (in the case of settlement of Share Termination Delivery
                   Units pursuant to paragraph (n) above) or on the Settlement
                   Date for such Restricted Shares (in the case of settlement of
                   Shares pursuant to Section 2 above).

                   In the event of a Private Placement, the Net Share Settlement
                   Amount or the Payment Obligation, respectively, shall be
                   deemed to be the Net Share Settlement Amount or the Payment
                   Obligation, respectively, plus an additional amount
                   (determined from time to time by the Calculation Agent in its
                   commercially reasonable judgment) attributable to interest
                   that would be earned on such Net Share Settlement Amount or
                   the Payment Obligation, respectively, (increased on a daily
                   basis to reflect the accrual of such interest and reduced
                   from time to time by the amount of net proceeds received by
                   JPMorgan as provided herein) at a rate equal to the open
                   Federal Funds Rate plus the Spread for the period from, and
                   including, such Settlement Date or the date on which the
                   Payment Obligation is due, respectively, to, but excluding,
                   the related date on which all the Restricted Shares have been
                   sold and calculated on an Actual/360 basis. The foregoing
                   provision shall be without prejudice to JPMorgan's rights
                   under the Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections
                   5 and 6 thereof).

                   As used in this Section 9(o)(i), "Spread" means, with respect
                   to any Net Share Settlement Amount or Payment Obligation,
                   respectively, the credit spread over the applicable overnight
                   rate that would be imposed if JPMorgan were to extend credit
                   to Company in an amount equal to such Net Share Settlement
                   Amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent using its
                   commercially reasonable judgment as of the related Settlement
                   Date or the date on which the Payment Obligation is due,
                   respectively. Commercial reasonableness shall take into
                   consideration all factors deemed relevant by the Calculation
                   Agent, which are expected to include, among other things, the
                   credit quality of the Company (and any relevant affiliates)
                   in the then-prevailing market and the credit spread of
                   similar companies in the relevant industry and other
                   companies having a substantially similar credit quality.


                                       14
<PAGE>

            (ii)   If the Company elects to settle the Transaction pursuant to
                   this clause (ii) (a "Registration Settlement"), then the
                   Company shall promptly (but in any event no later than the
                   beginning of the Resale Period) file and use its reasonable
                   best efforts to make effective under the Securities Act a
                   registration statement or supplement or amend an outstanding
                   registration statement in form and substance reasonably
                   satisfactory to JPMorgan, to cover the resale of such
                   Restricted Shares in accordance with customary resale
                   registration procedures, including covenants, conditions,
                   representations, underwriting discounts (if applicable),
                   commissions (if applicable), indemnities due diligence
                   rights, opinions and certificates, and such other
                   documentation as is customary for equity resale underwriting
                   agreements, all reasonably acceptable to JPMorgan. If
                   JPMorgan, in its sole reasonable discretion, is not satisfied
                   with such procedures and documentation Private Placement
                   Settlement shall apply. If JPMorgan is satisfied with such
                   procedures and documentation, it shall sell the Restricted
                   Shares pursuant to such registration statement during a
                   period (the "Resale Period") commencing on the Exchange
                   Business Day following delivery of such Restricted Shares
                   (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be (x) the Share
                   Termination Payment Date in case of settlement of Share
                   Termination Delivery Units pursuant to paragraph (n) above or
                   (y) the Settlement Date in respect of the final Expiration
                   Date for all Daily Number of Warrants) and ending on the
                   earliest of (i) the Exchange Business Day on which JPMorgan
                   completes the sale of all Restricted Shares or, in the case
                   of settlement of Share Termination Delivery Units, a
                   sufficient number of Restricted Shares so that the realized
                   net proceeds of such sales exceed the Payment Obligation (as
                   defined above), (ii) the date upon which all Restricted
                   Shares have been sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 (or
                   similar provisions then in force) or Rule 145(d)(1) or (2)
                   (or any similar provision then in force) under the Securities
                   Act and (iii) the date upon which all Restricted Shares may
                   be sold or transferred by a non-affiliate pursuant to Rule
                   144(k) (or any similar provision then in force) or Rule
                   145(d)(3) (or any similar provision then in force) under the
                   Securities Act. If the Payment Obligation exceeds the
                   realized net proceeds from such resale, Company shall
                   transfer to JPMorgan by the open of the regular trading
                   session on the Exchange on the Exchange Trading Day
                   immediately following the last day of the Resale Period the
                   amount of such excess (the "Additional Amount") in cash or in
                   a number of Shares ("Make-whole Shares") in an amount that,
                   based on the Settlement Price on the last day of the Resale
                   Period (as if such day was the "Valuation Date" for purposes
                   of computing such Settlement Price), has a dollar value equal
                   to the Additional Amount. The Resale Period shall continue to
                   enable the sale of the Make-whole Shares. If Company elects
                   to pay the Additional Amount in Shares, the requirements and
                   provisions for Registration Settlement shall apply. This
                   provision shall be applied successively until the Additional
                   Amount is equal to zero. In no event shall the Company
                   deliver a number of Restricted Shares greater than the
                   Maximum Amount.

            (iii)  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Company
                   agrees that any Restricted Shares delivered to JPMorgan, as
                   purchaser of such Restricted Shares, (i) may be transferred
                   by and among JPMorgan Chase Bank and its affiliates and
                   Company shall effect such transfer without any further action
                   by JPMorgan and (ii) after the minimum "holding period"
                   within the meaning of Rule 144(d) under the Securities Act
                   has elapsed after any Settlement Date for such Restricted
                   Shares, Company shall promptly remove, or cause the transfer
                   agent for such Restricted Shares to remove, any legends
                   referring to any such restrictions or requirements from such
                   Restricted Shares upon delivery by JPMorgan (or such
                   affiliate of JPMorgan) to Company or such transfer agent of
                   seller's and broker's representation letters customarily
                   delivered by JPMorgan in connection with resales of
                   restricted securities pursuant to Rule 144 under the
                   Securities Act, without any further requirement for the
                   delivery of any certificate, consent, agreement, opinion of
                   counsel, notice or any other document, any transfer tax
                   stamps or payment of any other amount or any other action by
                   JPMorgan (or such affiliate of JPMorgan).


                                       15
<PAGE>

             If the Private Placement Settlement or the Registration Settlement
             shall not be effected as set forth in clauses (i) or (ii), as
             applicable, then failure to effect such Private Placement
             Settlement or such Registration Settlement shall constitute an
             Event of Default with respect to which Company shall be the
             Defaulting Party.

(p)          Limit on Beneficial Ownership. Notwithstanding any other provisions
             hereof, JPMorgan may not exercise any Warrant hereunder, and
             Automatic Exercise shall not apply with respect thereto, to the
             extent (but only to the extent) that such receipt would result in
             JPMorgan directly or indirectly beneficially owning (as such term
             is defined for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) at
             any time in excess of 9.0% of the outstanding Shares. Any purported
             delivery hereunder shall be void and have no effect to the extent
             (but only to the extent) that such delivery would result in
             JPMorgan directly or indirectly so beneficially owning in excess of
             9.0% of the outstanding Shares. If any delivery owed to JPMorgan
             hereunder is not made, in whole or in part, as a result of this
             provision, the Company's obligation to make such delivery shall not
             be extinguished and the Company shall make such delivery as
             promptly as practicable after, but in no event later than one
             Business Day after, JPMorgan gives notice to the Company that such
             delivery would not result in JPMorgan directly or indirectly so
             beneficially owning in excess of 9.0% of the outstanding Shares.

(q)          Share Deliveries. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, to the
             extent the holder of this Warrant is not then an affiliate and has
             not been an affiliate for 90 days (it being understood that
             JPMorgan will not be considered an affiliate under this Section
             9(q) solely by reason of its receipt of Shares pursuant to this
             Transaction), and otherwise satisfies all holding period and other
             requirements of Rule 144 of the Securities Act applicable to it,
             any delivery of Shares or Share Termination Property hereunder at
             any time after 2 years from the Trade Date shall be eligible for
             resale under Rule 144(k) of the Securities Act and the Company
             agrees to promptly remove, or cause the transfer agent for such
             Shares or Share Termination Property, to remove, any legends
             referring to any restrictions on resale under the Securities Act
             from the Shares or Share Termination Property. The Company further
             agrees, for any delivery of Shares or Share Termination Property
             hereunder at any time after 1 year from the Trade Date but within 2
             years of the Trade Date, to the to the extent the holder of this
             Warrant then satisfies the holding period and other requirements of
             Rule 144 of the Securities Act, to promptly remove, or cause the
             transfer agent for such Restricted Share to remove, any legends
             referring to any such restrictions or requirements from such
             Restricted Shares. Such Restricted Shares will be de-legended upon
             delivery by JPMorgan (or such affiliate of JPMorgan) to the Company
             or such transfer agent of customary seller's and broker's
             representation letters in connection with resales of restricted
             securities pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act, without any
             further requirement for the delivery of any certificate, consent,
             agreement, opinion of counsel, notice or any other document, any
             transfer tax stamps or payment of any other amount or any other
             action by JPMorgan (or such affiliate of JPMorgan). The Company
             further agrees that any delivery of Shares or Share Termination
             Delivery Property prior to the date that is 1 year from the Trade
             Date, may be transferred by and among JPMorgan and its affiliates
             and the Company shall effect such transfer without any further
             action by JPMorgan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
             herein, the Company agrees that any delivery of Shares or Share
             Termination Delivery Property shall be effected by book-entry
             transfer through the facilities of DTC, or any successor
             depositary, if at the time of delivery, such class of Shares or
             class of Share Termination Delivery Property is in book-entry form
             at DTC or such successor depositary. Notwithstanding anything to
             the contrary herein, to the extent the provisions of Rule 144 of
             the Securities Act or any successor rule are amended, or the
             applicable interpretation thereof by the Securities and Exchange
             Commission or any court change after the Trade Date, the agreements
             of the Company herein shall be deemed modified to the extent
             necessary, in the opinion of outside counsel of the Company, to
             comply with Rule 144 of the Securities Act, including Rule 144(k)
             as in effect at the time of delivery of the relevant Shares or
             Share Termination Property.

(r)          Hedging Disruption Event. The occurrence of a Hedging Disruption
             Event will constitute an Additional Termination Event under the
             Agreement permitting JPMorgan to terminate the

                                       16
<PAGE>

            Transaction, with Counterparty as the sole Affected Party and the
            Transaction as the sole Affected Transaction.

            "Hedging Disruption Event" means with respect to JPMorgan, as
            determined in its reasonable discretion, the inability or
            impracticality, due to market illiquidity, illegality, lack of
            hedging transactions, credit worthy market participants or other
            similar events, to establish, re-establish or maintain any
            transactions necessary or advisable to hedge, directly or
            indirectly, the equity price risk of entering into and performing
            under the Transaction on terms including costs reasonable to
            JPMorgan or an affiliate in its reasonable discretion, including the
            event that at any time JPMorgan reasonably concludes that it or any
            of its affiliates are unable to establish, re-establish or maintain
            a full hedge of its position in respect of the Transaction through
            share borrowing arrangements on terms including costs deemed
            reasonable to JPMorgan in its reasonable discretion. For the
            avoidance of doubt, the parties hereto agree that if (i) JPMorgan
            reasonably determines that it is unable to borrow Shares to hedge
            its exposure with respect to the Transaction at a stock loan rebate
            rate equal to or in excess of zero; or (ii) the prevailing stock
            loan rebate rate for the Shares, as determined by the Calculation
            Agent, is less than zero, an Additional Termination Event under the
            Agreement shall occur with Counterparty as the sole Affected Party
            and the Transaction as the sole Affected Transaction.

      (s)    Gaming Laws. If, in connection with the Transaction or in
             connection with acquiring, establishing, re-establishing,
             substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any
             transactions or assets JPMorgan or any of its affiliates in its
             reasonable discretion deems necessary or desirable to hedge the
             equity price risk of entering into and performing its obligations
             with respect to the Transaction, or in performing such obligations
             themselves, or in connection with holding any interest that would
             be considered an ownership interest in the Company's securities for
             purposes of any gaming law, rule or regulation, JPMorgan or any of
             its affiliates determines in its sole good faith discretion that it
             is, or is reasonably likely to be, (A) in violation of any gaming
             law, rule or regulation, (B) obligated to register with or provide
             notification or information to any gaming authority, and that such
             registration or notification or the provision of such information,
             when viewed in the aggregate for all relevant gaming authorities,
             would be Unduly Burdensome, or (C) incurring additional risk,
             liability or cost as a result of gaming laws or rules or
             regulations (except to the extent such costs have been paid or
             reimbursed by the Company, and except for up to $250,000 of costs
             that have not yet been paid or reimbursed by the Company but are
             paid or reimbursed by the Company within 60 days following the
             Company's receipt of an invoice therefor); then, subject to the
             third following paragraph, such event shall constitute an
             Additional Termination Event applicable to this Transaction and,
             with respect to such event, (i) the Company shall be deemed to be
             the sole Affected Party and JPMorgan shall be deemed to be the
             party that is not the Affected Party and (ii) JPMorgan shall be the
             party entitled to designate an Early Termination Date pursuant to
             Section 6(b) of the Agreement solely with respect to this
             Transaction. The Company shall indemnify JPMorgan and its
             affiliates on an as-incurred basis for any costs, expenses, losses
             or liabilities or losses incurred by them in connection with any
             gaming law, rule or regulation (including, for the avoidance of
             doubt, any filing fees or costs, legal fees and regulatory
             investigation fees), in each case incurred in connection with this
             Transaction.

             Any determination made by JPMorgan in respect of clause (A) or (C),
             or (B) (as to the obligation to register or provide notification or
             information), above shall be made on the advice of counsel, and any
             determination made by JPMorgan in respect of clause (C) above shall
             also be made after consultation with the Company.

             "Unduly Burdensome" means (i) any registration or notification or
             provision of information which is more burdensome to JPMorgan or
             any of its affiliates or any of their employees, officers,
             directors and agents in any particular instance than any of the
             Known Filings, (ii) registrations, notifications or provision of
             information to in excess of 20 jurisdictions, (iii) any obligation
             to disclose information which JPMorgan and/or any of its affiliates
             is not otherwise required to disclose to the general public in
             generally available filings (other than information that is readily
             and generally publicly available) or to disclose any information
             earlier or more frequently than it otherwise does or would
             otherwise be obligated to do, or (iv) any registration of,
             or provision of

                                       17
<PAGE>

             information by or in respect of, any employee, officer or director
             or agents of JPMorgan or any of its affiliates, other than the
             provision of such information as JPMorgan and/or any of its
             affiliates is otherwise required to disclose to the general public
             in generally available filings and other readily and generally
             publicly available information, or (v) any requirement in respect
             of the gaming laws of any jurisdiction which, in the sole good
             faith discretion of JPMorgan, would cause undue hardship on, injury
             to the business or reputation of, or disclosure of confidential
             information of JPMorgan or any of its affiliates or any of their
             employees, officers, directors and agents. "Known Filings" means
             initial filings with the States of New Jersey and West Virginia in
             form and substance contemplated by JPMorgan as of December 1, 2004.

             Prior to declaring an Additional Termination Event with respect to
             the events described in clause (B) or (C) above, JPMorgan shall use
             commercially reasonable efforts to transfer or assign all or a
             portion of this Transaction to any third party or parties each with
             a rating for its long term, unsecured and unsubordinated
             indebtedness of A+ or better by Standard and Poor's Rating Group,
             Inc. or its successor ("S&P"), or A1 or better by Moody's Investor
             Service, Inc. or its successor ("Moody's") or, if either S&P or
             Moody's ceases to rate such debt, at least an equivalent rating or
             better by a substitute agency rating mutually agreed by the Company
             and JPMorgan. If, in the discretion of JPMorgan, JPMorgan is unable
             to effect such transfer or assignment after its commercially
             reasonable efforts on pricing terms reasonably acceptable to
             JPMorgan and within a time period reasonably acceptable to
             JPMorgan, JPMorgan may designate any Exchange Business Day as an
             Early Termination Date.

             Notwithstanding any provision of the Agreement or any other
             agreement between the parties to the contrary, if, with respect to
             any Transaction relating to Shares under another 2002 ISDA Master
             Agreement between JPMorgan and the Company (any such other
             Transaction, an "Other Transaction"), JPMorgan or its successor or
             assign designates an Early Termination Date thereunder due to the
             occurrence of an Additional Termination Event substantially similar
             to the Additional Termination Event set forth in this Section 9(s),
             and JPMorgan does not deliver a notice designating an Early
             Termination Date in respect of this Transaction due to the
             occurrence of the Additional Termination Event set forth in this
             Section 9(s) within 5 Exchange Business Days of the date of
             delivery of the notice designating an Early Termination Date in
             respect of any Other Transaction, then the Company has the right to
             deliver a written notice to JPMorgan instructing JPMorgan to
             designate an Early Termination Date under the Agreement with
             respect to this Transaction. JPMorgan hereby agrees to comply with
             such instruction and, for the avoidance of doubt, such event shall
             constitute an Additional Termination Event applicable solely with
             respect to this Transaction and the Company shall be deemed to be
             the sole Affected Party and JPMorgan shall be deemed to be the
             party that is not the Affected Party. For the avoidance of doubt,
             the parties hereto agree that the occurrence of any event which
             constitutes an Additional Termination Event as set forth in this
             Section 9(s) will also constitute an Additional Termination Event
             with respect to any Other Transactions the confirmation for which
             contains an Additional Termination Event substantially similar to
             that set forth in this Section 9(s), such that JPMorgan has the
             right to declare an Additional Termination Event in respect of such
             Other Transaction and this Transaction.

      (t)    Governing Law. New York law (without reference to choice of law
             doctrine).

      (u)    Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party waives, to the fullest extent
             permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by
             jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this
             Transaction. Each party (i) certifies that no representative, agent
             or attorney of the other party has represented, expressly or
             otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of such a
             suit, action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver
             and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other party have been induced
             to enter into this Transaction, as applicable, by, among other
             things, the mutual waivers and certifications provided herein.

      (v)    Tax Disclosure. Company acknowledges and understands that, in
             connection with certain disclosure and list maintenance regulations
             promulgated by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"), JPMorgan
             will retain documents related to this Transaction and other
             information. The

                                       18
<PAGE>

             relevant regulations cover many transactions, including certain
             transactions that create book-tax differences. Upon request from
             the IRS, JPMorgan expects to provide such documents and information
             to the IRS. In addition, Company shall consult with its tax
             advisors with respect to any disclosure obligations that Company
             may have.






                                       19

<PAGE>


      Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our
agreement by executing this Confirmation and returning it to EDG Confirmation
Group, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., 277 Park Avenue, 11th Floor, New York, NY
10172-3401, or by fax on 212 622 8519.

                                       Very truly yours,

                                          J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., as
                                          agent for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.


                                          By: _________________________
                                          Authorized Signatory
                                          Name:


      Accepted and confirmed
      as of the Trade Date:

      Scientific Games Corporation


      By:____________________________
      Authorized Signatory
      Name:


<PAGE>

                                                                         ANNEX A


                                  PRICING GRID

  Execution Price          Premium         Execution Price         Premium
  ---------------          -------         ---------------         -------

       $22.00           $1,407,265.00          $24.00           $1,810,504.50
       $22.10           $1,426,331.00          $24.10           $1,831,846.00
       $22.20           $1,445,515.00          $24.20           $1,853,296.50
       $22.30           $1,464,816.50          $24.30           $1,874,856.00
       $22.40           $1,484,235.50          $24.40           $1,896,523.50
       $22.50           $1,503,771.00          $24.50           $1,918,298.00
       $22.60           $1,523,423.00          $24.60           $1,940,180.50
       $22.70           $1,543,190.50          $24.70           $1,962,169.00
       $22.80           $1,563,073.50          $24.80           $1,984,264.00
       $22.90           $1,583,071.50          $24.90           $2,006,465.00
       $23.00           $1,603,183.50          $25.00           $2,028,771.00
       $23.10           $1,623,410.00          $25.10           $2,051,182.00
       $23.20           $1,643,750.00          $25.20           $2,073,697.50
       $23.30           $1,664,203.00          $25.30           $2,096,317.00
       $23.40           $1,684,769.00          $25.40           $2,119,039.50
       $23.50           $1,705,447.00          $25.50           $2,141,865.50
       $23.60           $1,726,236.50          $25.60           $2,164,793.50
       $23.70           $1,747,138.00          $25.70           $2,187,824.00
       $23.80           $1,768,149.50          $25.80           $2,210,956.00
       $23.90           $1,789,274.00          $25.90           $2,234,189.00





