-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 T8pNsWicmN02nSUZ7MG0EWe0rW/+ZyScRHIVClAb6OFVgAEODxlQ8RWIj1caOYW9
 7+owZXQ5h1EDwuPw+H6ncg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001144204-04-022208.txt : 20041220
<SEC-HEADER>0001144204-04-022208.hdr.sgml : 20041220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041220163758
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-04-022208
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ADVANCE DISPLAY TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000770034
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		IRS NUMBER:				840969445
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15224
		FILM NUMBER:		041214512

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7334 S. ALTON WAY
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 14, SUITE F
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3032670111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7334 S. ALTON WAY
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 14, SUITE F
		CITY:			ENGLEWOOD
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80112
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8k.txt
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549


                                    FORM 8-K


                                 CURRENT REPORT
     PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 20, 2004


                       ADVANCE DISPLAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


          COLORADO                     0-15224                84-0969445
(State or other jurisdiction         (Commission           (I.R.S. Employer
     of incorporation)               File Number)        Identification Number)


7334 SO. ALTON WAY, BLDG. 14, SUITE F, ENGLEWOOD, COLORADO        80112
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        (Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)


Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (303)267-0111


Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

|_|   Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
      CFR 230.425)

|_|   Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
      240.14a-12)

|_|   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
      Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

|_|   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
      Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>



ITEM 1.01  ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT

         See Item 5.02 below for a description of the agreement.

ITEM 3.02  SALE OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES

         On December 20, 2004, Advance Display Technologies, Inc. (the
"Company") entered into an employment agreement with one of its directors
whereby it agreed to issue 6,000,000 shares on an installment basis of its
Series D Preferred Stock. See Item 5.02 below for a description of the
transaction. The offer and sale of the Series D Preferred Stock, and the
underlying shares of Common Stock into which the Series D are convertible, were
exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act") as a
private offering to an "accredited investor" under Sections 4(2) and 4(6) of the
Act and Rules 505 and 506 of Regulation D thereunder.

ITEM 5.02 DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS;
APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPAL OFFICERS

         On December 20, 2004, the Company entered into an Executive Employment
Agreement dated December 1, 2004, with John W. Temple, one of the Company's
Directors, appointing him as Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing for
a three year term and thereafter on a month to month basis. The Agreement also
provides that Mr. Temple will cause all pending or future business previously
conducted by him to inure to the benefit of the Company. Mr. Temple has
previously provided technical services, marketing services, business consulting
services and the sales of large screen electronic displays for and to various
clients worldwide. The principal business of the Company is screen displays. In
addition, the Agreement provides that Mr. Temple will be granted 6,000,000
shares of the Company's Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Shares"),
1,000,000 Shares effective December 1, 2004, and 500,000 Shares each month
thereafter until fully granted. The number of Shares granted are subject to
reduction, including the first installment, based on net sales revenues
generated by Mr. Temple for the Company through December 31, 2005 as described
in the Agreement. Also, if approved by the Company's Compensation Committee at a
meeting to be held in January 2005, Mr. Temple will be granted options to
purchase 1,680,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock exercisable at $0.03 per
share vesting at the rate of 120,000 shares every three months beginning April
1, 2005. Mr. Temple is entitled to receive sales incentives equal to 3% of the
gross sales revenues directly generated by his sales efforts or his outside
sales network, less any outside sales commissions, finder's fees, or other sales
incentives paid to third parties (including commissions or sales incentives paid
to any inside sales force of the Company). The payment of the sales incentive
will terminate on the earlier of the vesting of the 6,000,000 shares of Series D
Preferred Stock or December 31, 2004.

         Mr. Temple's employment is subject to a probationary period through
February 28, 2005 during which time the Company's Directors, excluding Mr.
Temple, will evaluate the benefits generated by him to the Company and the value
of certain intangible assets to be contributed by him to the Company. If during
the probationary period, the Board determines that Mr. Temple is unfit in any
manner to continue his employment, the Company will return to Mr. Temple all
sales commission revenues received by it on account of his efforts and sales of
certain licensed technologies, less all commissions paid to Mr. Temple or
others, all salaries and benefits paid to him, expenses, and all costs of sales
and other direct sales expenses of the Company incurred in connection with those
sales revenues. Mr. Temple would also be required to return all stock
compensation and stock options granted to him and the Company would be required
to return the contributed intangible assets it possessed at the time of
termination. Upon completion of the probationary period, Mr. Temple and the
Company will enter into a definitive licensing agreement granting the Company an
exclusive and perpetual worldwide license for all Mr. Temple's prior inventions
and intellectual property for which Mr. Temple will receive royalties.



                                       2
<PAGE>

         If the Company terminates Mr. Temple's employment for death, disability
or cause, as defined in the Agreement, he or his estate or beneficiary, as the
case may be, will receive his pro rata salary through the date of such
termination but not any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation
not yet due to Mr. Temple at the date of such termination. In the case of an
involuntary termination, death or disability, Mr. Temple is entitled to receive
a pro rata annual incentive payment through the date of such termination and he
shall become fully vested in specific grants or awards made or awarded under a
long term incentive plan maintained by the Company. If Mr. Temple terminates his
employment relationship with the Company he will be entitled to his pro rata
salary through the date of termination, but he will not be entitled to any
individual bonuses or individual compensation. If Mr. Temple's employment is
terminated by the Board without cause after the probationary period and prior to
the end of the initial three year term, an involuntary termination, he is
entitled to receive 125% of his then monthly base salary as if employment had
continued for the full term. Mr. Temple also agreed to certain non-competition
obligations until December 31, 2008 unless he is terminated prior to the end of
his probationary period.

         The Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by
reference herein.

ITEM 9.01  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

         (c)  Exhibits

         Exhibit No.

            99.1  Executive Employment Agreement with John W. Temple dated
                  December 1, 2004.

            99.2  Certificates of Designation for Preferred Stock.




                                       3
<PAGE>

                                    SIGNATURE

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.



                                        ADVANCE DISPLAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                                        (Registrant)

Date  December 20, 2004
                                        By: /s/Matthew W. Shankle
                                            -------------------------------
                                            Matthew W. Shankle, President



                                       4

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex99_1.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

                         EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         This Executive Employment Agreement ("Agreement"), including the
attached Exhibit A, is hereby entered into between Advance Display Technologies,
Inc., ("Company " or "ADTI"), a Colorado corporation, having offices at 7334
South Alton Way #F, Englewood, Colorado 80112, and John W. Temple, an individual
currently residing at 33704 J Place, Ocean Park, Washington 98640 ("Employee"),
to be effective as of December 1, 2004 (the "Effective Date").


                                   WITNESSETH:

         WHEREAS, Employee was previously engaged in the business of technical
services, marketing services, business consulting services and the sales of
large screen electronic displays for and or to various clients worldwide; and

         WHEREAS, Employee wishes to cause all such business conducted by him
subsequent to the date of this agreement to inure to the benefit of the
Employer; and

         WHEREAS, Employee is willing to be solely employed by Company under the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement in lieu of all previous
agreements, arrangements or understandings, written or oral; and

         NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises,
covenants, and obligations contained herein, Company and Employee agree as
follows:

                        ARTICLE 1: EMPLOYMENT AND DUTIES:

         1.1 Company agrees to employ Employee, and Employee agrees to be
employed by Company, beginning as of the Effective Date and continuing until the
date set forth on Exhibit A (the "Term"), subject to earlier termination and the
other conditions set forth in this Agreement.

         1.2 Employee initially shall be employed in the position set forth on
Exhibit A. Company may subsequently assign Employee to a substantially different
position or substantially modify Employee's duties and responsibilities, in
which event Employee may elect to terminate this Agreement under Section
3.2(ii), which termination shall constitute an Involuntary Termination for
purposes of Section 3.5. Company may assign this Agreement and Employee's
employment to any subsidiaries or other affiliates of ADTI. Employee agrees to
serve in the assigned position and to perform diligently and to the best of
Employee's abilities the duties and services appertaining to such position as
determined by Company, as well as such additional or different duties and
services appropriate to such position which Employee from time to time may be
reasonably directed to perform by Company. Employee shall at all times comply
with and be subject to such reasonable Company policies and procedures for
employees generally as Company may establish from time to time. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, during the Term, Company shall take all
steps reasonably necessary to cause Employee to serve on the ADTI Board of
Directors, whether elected by the shareholders or appointed by the other members
of the ADTI Board.



                                       1
<PAGE>

         1.3 Employee shall, during the period of Employee's employment by
Company, devote Employee's full business time, energy, and best efforts to the
business and affairs of Company and its affiliates, including the formation of
potential new strategic partnerships. Employee may not engage, directly or
indirectly, in any other business, investment, or activity that (a) interferes
with Employee's performance of Employee's duties hereunder, (b) is contrary to
the interests of Company, or (c) requires any significant portion of Employee's
business time.

         1.4 In connection with Employee's employment by Company, Company shall
provide Employee with access to such confidential information pertaining to the
business and services of Company as is necessary and appropriate for Employee's
employment responsibilities. Company also shall endeavor to provide to Employee
the opportunity to develop business relationships with those of Company's
clients and potential clients as is necessary and appropriate for Employee's
employment responsibilities.

         1.5 Employee acknowledges and agrees that, at all times during the
employment relationship Employee owes fiduciary duties to Company, including but
not limited to the fiduciary duties of loyalty, fidelity, due care, and
allegiance to act at all times in the best interests of Company, to make full
disclosure to Company of all information that pertains to Company's business and
interests, to do no act which would injure Company's business, its interests, or
its reputation, and to refrain from using for Employee's own benefit or for the
benefit of others any information or opportunities pertaining to Company's
business or interests that are entrusted to Employee or that he learned while
employed by Company. Employee acknowledges and agrees that, upon termination of
the employment relationship, Employee shall continue to refrain from using for
his own benefit or the benefit of others any information or opportunities
pertaining to Company's business or interests that were entrusted to Employee
during the employment relationship or that he learned while employed by Company.
Employee agrees that, while employed by Company, he shall not knowingly take any
action which interferes with the internal relationships between Company and its
employees or representatives or interferes with the external relationships
between Company and third parties.

         1.6 It is agreed that any direct or indirect interest in, connection
with, or benefit from any outside activities, particularly commercial
activities, which interest might in any way adversely affect Company or any of
its affiliates, involves a possible conflict of interest. In keeping with
Employee's fiduciary duties to Company, Employee agrees that, during the
employment relationship, Employee shall not knowingly become involved in a
conflict of interest with Company or its affiliates, or upon discovery thereof,
allow such a conflict to continue. Moreover, Employee agrees to disclose to
Company's President any actual or potential conflict of interest that has not
previously been approved by Company's President or its Board of Directors.
Company and Employee recognize that it is impossible to provide an exhaustive
list of actions or interests which constitute a "conflict of interest."
Moreover, Company and Employee recognize there are many borderline situations.
In some instances, full disclosure of facts by Employee to Company's President
may be all that is necessary to enable Company or its affiliates to protect its
interests. In others, if no improper motivation appears to exist and the
interests of Company or its affiliates have not suffered, prompt elimination of
the outside interest will suffice. In still others, it may be necessary for
Company to terminate the employment relationship. Company and Employee agree
that Company's determination as to whether a conflict of interest exists shall
be conclusive. Company reserves the right to take such action as, in its
judgment, will end the conflict.

                                       2
<PAGE>

         1.7 Employee understands and acknowledges that Company is required by
applicable securities laws to publicly disclose the terms of this Agreement in
filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise and that
Employee has no right to require Company to keep confidential this Agreement or
its terms.

                      ARTICLE 2: COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:

         2.1 During the Term Employee shall be paid a monthly salary not less
than the amount set forth under the heading "Monthly Base Salary" on Exhibit A,
subject to increase in the sole discretion of Company's Board of Directors,
which increases may be withdrawn at any time by the Board of Directors but not
below the "Monthly Base Salary" amount set forth on Exhibit A by Company.
Employee's monthly salary will be paid in semimonthly installments in accordance
with Company's standard payroll practice. Any calculation to be made under this
Agreement with respect to an adjustment of Employee's Monthly Base Salary shall
be made using the then current Monthly Base Salary in effect at the time of the
event for which such calculation is made.

         2.2 While employed by Company, Employee shall be allowed to
participate, on the same terms as other employees of Company, in all employee
benefit plans and programs, including improvements or modifications of the same,
which are made available by Company to all of Company's employees. Such
benefits, plans, and programs may include, without limitation, medical, health,
and dental care, life insurance, disability protection, and pension plans.

         2.3 Company shall not by reason of this Article 2 be obligated to
institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing, any
such incentive compensation or employee benefit program or plan, so long as such
actions are similarly applicable to covered employees generally. Moreover,
unless specifically provided for in a written plan document adopted by the Board
of Directors of Company, none of the benefits or arrangements described in this
Article 2 shall be secured or funded in any way, and each shall instead
constitute an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future
exclusively from the general assets of Company.

                                       3
<PAGE>

         2.4 Beginning on the Effective Date, Employee shall be entitled to
receive sales incentives equal to 3% of the gross sales revenue directly
generated by Employee's sales efforts or his outside sales network, less any
outside sales commissions, finder's fees, or other sales incentives paid to
third parties (including commissions or sales incentives paid to any inside
sales force of Company). The 3% sales incentive shall be paid to Employee within
30 days of Company's receipt of the monies generated by the sales efforts of
Employee or his outside sales network, provided, however, that, upon the
earliest to occur of (a) the maximum 6,000,000 shares of Series D Preferred
Stock to be paid by Company in exchange for Employee's contribution to the
Company of various intangible assets owned by Employee pursuant to paragraph 2.6
hereof is fully vested, or (b) December 31, 2005, Employee shall no longer be
eligible to receive a 3% commission on sales generated by his outside sales
network, and will only be eligible to earn a 3% sales commission on sales
generated directly through his own personal sales efforts.

         2.5 Subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee of Company's
Board of Directors at its January 2005 meeting, Employee shall be granted an
option to purchase 1,680,000 unregistered shares of Company's common stock at a
strike price of $0.03. The grant shall be effective on the date approved by the
Compensation Committee and, so long as Employee remains employed by Company,
shall vest 120,000 shares on each of April 1, 2005, July 1, 2005, October 1,
2005, January 1, 2006, April 1, 2006, July 1, 2006, October 1, 2006, January 1,
2007, April 1, 2007, October 1, 2007, January 1, 2008, April 1, 2008, July 1,
2008, and October 1 2008.

         2.6 Subject to the approval of Company's Board of Directors, as further
consideration for Employee's efforts and for the various intangible assets to be
agreed upon by the parties being contributed to Company by Employee
contemporaneously herewith, including but not limited to outstanding sales
projects with bids submitted, sales agent network, industry contacts, industry
knowledge and industry relationships (the "Intangible Assets"), beginning on
December 1, 2005 and continuing every month thereafter until October 1, 2005,
Company shall issue to Employee a total of 6,000,000 unregistered shares of
Company's Series D Preferred Stock (the "Shares") in eleven (11) installments,
comprised of 1,000,000 Shares as the initial installment on December 1, 2004,
and 500,000 Shares per installment for the remaining ten (10) installments,

                                       4
<PAGE>

provided, however, that each such installment after the initial installment
shall be reduced proportionately if and to the extent that $100,000 of
incremental Net Sales Revenue has not been generated by Employee for Company
since the prior installment, and provided further that, if and to the extent
that $200,000 of incremental Net Sales Revenue is not generated between December
1, 2004 and March 1, 2005, the Shares issued in the initial installment on
December 1, 2004 shall be likewise proportionately reduced, which reduction
shall be in addition to, and not a substitute for, the proportionate reductions
of the monthly installments made on January 1, 2005, February 1, 2005 and March
1, 2005. If at the time an installment is to be paid, the incremental Net Sales
Revenue is less than or greater than $100,000 (or $200,000 in the case of the
initial installment), such deficit or surplus shall be carried over to the next
installment so that, if Employee generates Net Sales Revenue utilizing the
intangible assets equal to or greater than $1,000,000 on or before December 31,
2005 (60 days after the last installment is due to be paid on November 1, 2005),
Employee will have been issued the maximum total of 6,000,000 shares of Series D
Preferred Stock of Company. Correspondingly, if and to the extent that the total
Net Sales Revenue for the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on
December 31, 2005 is less than $1,000,000, the number of Series D Preferred
shares to be issued to Employee will have been proportionately reduced and will
not be increased by Net Sales Revenue after December 31, 2005. "Net Sales
Revenue" shall be defined and calculated by subtracting (a) the total cost of
goods, including all sales commissions or incentives paid to anyone, including
but not limited to Employee, and the total cost of sales from the gross selling
price of products sold by Employee and or his outside sales network from (b) the
gross sales revenues generated by Employee or his sales network. If Employee
obtains for Company a definitive agreement for the sale of a network of 100 or
more electronic screen signs with a minimum 5 year term and a 50% or greater
revenue sharing arrangement, Employee's Probationary Period, as defined in
Exhibit A, will immediately terminate. In such an event, Employee will be
permitted to (a) apply 3% of Company's projected first year revenues from such
agreement toward the Net Sales Revenue generated by Employee for the purposes of
meeting the requirements of the stock compensation incentive as outlined in this
paragraph and (b) elect, in Employee's sole discretion, to waive his right to
collect the 3% sales commission as noted in paragraph 2.4 herein, and allow
Company to retain those funds so that they are considered to be additional "Net
Sales Revenue" generated by Employee. Because the Shares will be issued subject
to a substantial risk of forfeiture, namely, if and to the extent that Employee
fails to generate sufficient Net Sales Revenue to cause all such shares to be
earned, Employee can elect to be taxed immediately on the Shares at their fair
market value at the time of issuance ($.0167 per share for the initial
installment on December 1, 2004) under Internal Revenue Code ss.83(b) (which
election must be filed with the Internal Revenue Service no later than thirty
(30) days after the issuance of any installment of the Shares for which an
election is desired). If Employee fails to make a timely election under Internal
Revenue Code ss.83(b) for accelerated recognition of any installment of Shares,
then those Shares will be valued for income tax purposes by Company's Board of
Directors, in its sole discretion, at the time that the risk of forfeiture for
Shares expires on account of Company's receipt of Net Sales Revenue. Employee
acknowledges, however, that (i) the tax laws relating to deferred recognition of
compensation have been changed as of January 1, 2005 by the American Jobs
Creation Act of 2004 and regulations to be promulgated under the new law, (ii)
Company is not providing Employee with tax advice concerning existing tax law or
the effect of the new law and (iii) Employee will consult with and rely upon
Employee's own legal, tax and financial advisers concerning the tax and other
effects of the issuance of the Shares to Employee.


         2.7 If a majority of the Board (excluding Employee) determines, in its
sole discretion, that Employee has not met the requirements of the Probationary
Period as defined in Exhibit A hereto and Company terminates Employee's
employment as a result of that determination, Employee shall lose all rights to,
and shall surrender to Company, all shares of Company stock and options to
purchase Company stock granted to Employee pursuant to this Agreement upon such
termination and Company shall return the Intangible Assets to Employee.

                                       5
<PAGE>

         2.8 In the event of Employee's termination during the Probationary
Period, Company shall negotiate in good faith, and make a diligent effort to
grant a non-exclusive worldwide sales representative agreement to the former
Employee, whereby the sale of Company's products, services and or technologies
will be represented by Employee to third parties. Also, the termination of
Employee during the Probationary Period shall trigger the effectiveness of the
previously executed Confidentiality and Non-Circumvention Agreement (the "NDA").
In the absence of Employee's termination during the Probationary Period and the
resulting effectiveness of the NDA, Employee shall be bound by the
non-disclosure, non-compete, and non-circumvention obligations contained in this
Agreement.

         2.9 Company shall withhold from any compensation, benefits, or other
amounts payable to Employee under this Agreement all federal, state, city, or
other taxes required by law.

        ARTICLE 3: TERMINATION PRIOR TO EXPIRATION OF TERM AND EFFECTS OF
                               SUCH TERMINATION:

         3.1 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, Company
shall have the right to terminate Employee's employment under this Agreement at
any time prior to the expiration of the Term for any of the following reasons:

                  (i) "For cause" upon the determination by Company's Board of
         Directors that "cause" exists for the termination of the employment
         relationship. As used in this Section 3.1(i), the term "cause" shall
         mean [a] Employee's gross negligence or willful misconduct in the
         performance of the duties and services required of Employee pursuant to
         this Agreement; [b] Employee has been convicted of a felony; [c]
         Employee's willful refusal, without proper legal reason, to perform the
         duties and responsibilities required of Employee under this Agreement
         which remains uncorrected for thirty (30) days following written notice
         to Employee by Company; [d] Employee's involvement in a conflict of
         interest as referenced in Section 1.6 which remains uncorrected for
         thirty (30) days following written notice to Employee by Company on
         account of which Company then makes a determination to terminate the
         employment of Employee; [e] Employee's willful conduct that Employee
         knows or should know is materially injurious to Company; [f] Employee's
         material breach of any material provision of this Agreement or of any
         corporate code of conduct or formal written policy which remains
         uncorrected for thirty (30) days following written notice to Employee
         by Company; or [g] Employee's violation of the Foreign Corrupt
         Practices Act or other applicable United States law as proscribed by
         Section 5.1. It is agreed that the decision as to whether "cause"
         exists for termination of the employment relationship by Company is
         within the sole discretion of Company's Board of Directors for
         determination. If Employee disagrees with the decision reached by
         Company's Board of Directors, the dispute will be limited to whether
         Company's Board of Directors reached its decision in good faith;



                                       6
<PAGE>

                  (ii) for any other reason whatsoever, with or without cause,
         in the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of Employer;

                  (iii) upon Employee's death; or

                  (iv) upon Employee's becoming disabled, defined as permanently
         and totally unable to perform Employee's duties for Company as a result
         of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment as
         supported by a written medical opinion to the foregoing effect by a
         physician selected by Company or a determination by the insurer under a
         long term disability policy covering Employee, if Company elects, in
         its sole discretion, to obtain any such policy.

The termination of Employee's employment by Company prior to the expiration of
the Term shall constitute a "Termination for Cause" if made pursuant to Section
3.1(i); the effect of such termination is specified in Section 3.4. The
termination of Employee's employment by Company prior to the expiration of the
Term shall constitute an "Involuntary Termination" if made pursuant to Section
3.1(ii); the effect of such termination is specified in Section 3.5. The effect
of the employment relationship being terminated pursuant to Section 3.1(iii) as
a result of Employee's death shall be as specified in Section 3.6. The effect of
the employment relationship being terminated pursuant to Section 3.1(iv) is
specified in Section 3.7 herein.

         3.2 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, Employee
shall have the right to terminate the employment relationship under this
Agreement at any time prior to the expiration of the Term of employment for any
of the following reasons:

                  (i) a material breach by Company of any material provision of
         this Agreement which remains uncorrected for 30 days following written
         notice of such breach by Employee to Employer; or

                  (ii) or any other reason whatsoever, in the sole discretion of
         Employee.

The termination of Employee's employment by Employee prior to the expiration of
the Term shall constitute an "Involuntary Termination" if made pursuant to
Section 3.2(i); the effect of such termination is specified in Section 3.5. The
termination of Employee's employment by Employee prior to the expiration of the
Term shall constitute a "Voluntary Termination" if made pursuant to Section
3.2(ii); the effect of such termination is specified in Section 3.3.

         3.3 Upon a "Voluntary Termination" of the employment relationship by
Employee prior to expiration of the Term, all future compensation to which
Employee is entitled and all future benefits for which Employee is eligible
shall cease and terminate as of the date of termination. Employee shall be
entitled to pro rata salary through the date of such termination, but Employee
shall not be entitled to any individual bonuses or individual incentive
compensation not yet due at the date of such termination.



                                       7
<PAGE>

         3.4 If Employee's employment hereunder shall be terminated by Company
for Cause prior to expiration of the Term, all future compensation to which
Employee is entitled and all future benefits for which Employee is eligible
shall cease as of the date of termination. Employee shall be entitled to pro
rata salary through the date of such termination, but Employee shall not be
entitled to any individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation not yet
due at the date of such termination.

         3.5 After the completion of the Probationary Period, upon an
Involuntary Termination of the employment relationship by Company prior to the
expiration of the Term (including an Involuntary Termination described in
Section 3.2(i)), Employee shall be entitled, in consideration of Employee's
continuing obligations hereunder after such termination (including, without
limitation, Employee's non-competition obligations), to receive one hundred
twenty five percent (125%) of the then current Monthly Base Salary as if
Employee's employment had continued for the full Term of this Agreement,
provided, however, that if Company fails to make any payment due to Employee
under this Section 3.5 in a timely manner, Employee may elect, for a period of
thirty (30) days after such payment was due or until such payment is actually
made, whichever is later, to terminate his obligations under the non-compete
provisions of this Agreement, which election shall have the effect of
terminating Company's obligations to make further payments to Employee under
this Section 3.5, and provided further that Company may inform Employee of its
intent to cease making any payments to Employee under this Section 3.5, which
election shall have the effect of (i) terminating Employee's obligations under
the non-compete provisions of this Agreement, (ii) terminating Company's
obligations to make further payments to Employee under this Section 3.5, and
(iii) requiring Company to grant Employee a non-exclusive, fully assignable
sublicense to the "PMV" & "UltraNet", Light Emitting Diode (LED) display
technologies which are licensed to Company by Employee pursuant to Section 6.6
of this Agreement. Employee shall not be under any duty or obligation to seek or
accept other employment following Involuntary Termination and the amounts due
Employee hereunder shall not be reduced or suspended if Employee accepts
subsequent employment which does not violate the non-compete provisions of this
Agreement. Employee's rights under this Section 3.5 are Employee's sole and
exclusive rights against Company and Company's sole and exclusive liability to
Employee under this Agreement, in contract, tort, or otherwise, for any
Involuntary Termination of the employment relationship. Employee covenants not
to sue or lodge any claim, demand or cause of action against Company for any
sums for Involuntary Termination other than those sums specified in this Section
3.5. If Employee breaches this covenant, Company shall be entitled to recover
from Employee all sums expended by Company (including costs and attorneys fees)
in connection with such suit, claim, demand or cause of action.

         3.6 Upon termination of the employment relationship as a result of
Employee's death, Employee's heirs, administrators, or legatees shall be
entitled to Employee's pro rata salary through the date of such termination, but
Employee's heirs, administrators, or legatees shall not be entitled to any
individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation not yet due to Employee
at the date of such termination.



                                       8
<PAGE>

         3.7 Upon termination of the employment relationship as a result of
Employee's disability, Employee shall be entitled to his pro rata salary through
the date of such termination, but Employee shall not be entitled to any
individual bonuses or individual incentive compensation not yet due to Employee
at the date of such termination.

         3.8 Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, upon a
termination of Employee's employment under any of the circumstances described in
Sections 3.5, 3.6 or 3.7 above, Employee shall be entitled to receive a pro-rata
annual incentive compensation payment through the date of such termination of
employment and Employee shall become fully vested in specific grants and awards
made or awarded to Employee under long term incentive plans maintained by
Company and its affiliates.

         3.9 In all cases, the compensation and benefits payable to Employee
under this Agreement upon termination of the employment relationship shall be in
lieu of any amounts to which Employee may otherwise be entitled under any and
all severance plans and policies of Company.

         3.10 Termination of the employment relationship does not terminate
those obligations of Employee imposed by this Agreement which are continuing
obligations, including, without limitation, Employee's obligations under
Articles 6 and 7.

         3.11 This Agreement governs the rights and obligations of Company and
Employee with respect to Employee's salary, bonuses, and other perquisites of
employment. Except as provided above in Section 2.5, 2.7 and 3.8, Employee's
rights and obligations with respect to stock options and restricted stock shall
be governed by ADTI's Stock Option Plan.

               ARTICLE 4: CONTINUATION OF EMPLOYMENT BEYOND TERM;
                     TERMINATION AND EFFECTS OF TERMINATION:

         4.1 Should Employee remain employed by Company beyond the expiration of
the Term specified on Exhibit A, such employment shall convert to a
month-to-month relationship terminable at any time by either Company or Employee
for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause. Upon such termination of the
employment relationship by either Company or Employee for any reason whatsoever,
all future compensation to which Employee is entitled and all future benefits
for which Employee is eligible shall cease and terminate. Employee shall be
entitled to pro rata salary through the date of such termination, but Employee
shall not be entitled to any individual bonuses or individual incentive
compensation not yet due at the date of such termination.

                          ARTICLE 5: VIOLATIONS OF LAW

         5.1 Employee shall at all times comply with all United States laws
applicable to Employee's actions on behalf of Company, including, but not
limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other United States or state


                                       9
<PAGE>

securities laws. If Employee pleads guilty or nolo contendere or admits civil or
criminal liability under any state or federal securities law, or if a court
finds that Employee has personal civil or criminal liability under any such law,
such action or finding shall constitute "cause" for termination under this
Agreement unless Company's Board of Directors) determines that the actions found
to be in violation of such law were taken in good faith and in compliance with
all applicable policies of Company.

               ARTICLE 6: OWNERSHIP AND PROTECTION OF INFORMATION;
                                   COPYRIGHTS:

         6.1 All information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries, and
inventions, whether patentable or not, which are conceived, made, developed or
acquired by Employee, individually or in conjunction with others, during
Employee's employment by Company (whether during business hours or otherwise and
whether on Company's premises or otherwise) which relate to Company's business,
products or services (including, without limitation, all such information
relating to corporate opportunities, research, financial and sales data, pricing
and trading terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition
prospects, the identity of customers or their requirements, the identity of key
contacts within the customer's organizations or within the organization of
acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective
names, and marks) shall be disclosed to Company and are and shall be the sole
and exclusive property of Company. Moreover, all drawings, memoranda, notes,
records, files, correspondence, drawings, manuals, models, specifications,
computer programs, maps and all other writings or materials of any type
embodying any of such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries,
and inventions are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of Company.

         6.2 Employee acknowledges that the business of Company, ADTI, and its
affiliates is highly competitive and that its strategies, methods, books,
records, and documents, its technical information concerning its products,
equipment, services, and processes, procurement procedures and pricing
techniques, the names of and other information (such as credit and financial
data) concerning its customers and business affiliates, all comprise
confidential business information and trade secrets which are valuable, special,
and unique assets which Company uses in its business to obtain a competitive
advantage over its competitors. Employee further acknowledges that protection of
such confidential business information and trade secrets against unauthorized
disclosure and use is of critical importance to Company, in maintaining its
competitive position. Employee hereby agrees that Employee will not, at any time
during or after his or his employment by Company, make any unauthorized
disclosure of any confidential business information or trade secrets of Company,
or make any use thereof, except in the carrying out of his or his employment
responsibilities hereunder. As a result of Employee's employment by Company,
Employee may also from time to time have access to, or knowledge of,
confidential business information or trade secrets of third parties, such as
customers, suppliers, partners, joint ventures, and the like, of Company.
Employee also agrees to preserve and protect the confidentiality of such third
party confidential information and trade secrets to the same extent, and on the
same basis, as Company's confidential business information and trade secrets.
Employee acknowledges that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for
any breach or threatened breach of this Article 6 by Employee, and Company shall
be entitled to enforce the provisions of this Article 6 by terminating any
payments then owing to Employee under this Agreement and/or specific performance
and injunctive relief as remedies for such breach or threatened breach. Such
remedies shall not be deemed the exclusive remedies for a breach of this Article
6, but shall be in addition to all remedies available at law or in equity to
Company, including the recovery of damages from Employee and his or his agents
involved in such breach.



                                       10
<PAGE>

         6.3 All written materials, records, and other documents made by, or
coming into the possession of, Employee during the period of Employee's
employment by Company which contain or disclose confidential business
information or trade secrets of Company shall be and remain the property of
Company. Upon termination of Employee's employment by Company, for any reason,
Employee promptly shall deliver the same, and all copies thereof, to Company.

         6.4 If, during Employee's employment by Company, Employee creates any
original work of authorship fixed in any tangible or intangible medium of
expression which is the subject matter of copyright (such as videotapes, written
presentations on acquisitions, computer programs, drawings, maps, architectural
renditions, models, manuals, brochures, or the like) relating to Company's
business, products, or services, whether such work is created solely by Employee
or jointly with others (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether
on Company's premises or otherwise), Employee shall disclose such work to
Company. Company shall be deemed the author of such work if the work is prepared
by Employee in the scope of his employment; or, if the work is not prepared by
Employee within the scope of his employment but is specially ordered by Company
as a contribution to a collective work, as a part of a motion picture or other
audiovisual work, as a translation, as a supplementary work, as a compilation,
or as an instructional text, then the work shall be considered to be work made
for hire and Company shall be the author of the work. If such work is neither
prepared by Employee within the scope of his employment nor a work specially
ordered and is deemed to be a work made for hire, then Employee hereby agrees to
assign, and by these presents does assign, to Company all of Employee's
worldwide right, title, and interest in and to such work and all rights of
copyright therein.

         6.5 Both during the period of Employee's employment by Company and
thereafter, Employee shall assist Company and its nominee, at any time, in the
protection of Company's worldwide right, title, and interest in and to
information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries, and inventions, and its
copyrighted works, including without limitation, the execution of all formal
assignment documents requested by Company or its nominee and the execution of
all lawful oaths and applications for applications for patents and registration
of copyright in the United States and foreign countries.



                                       11
<PAGE>

         6.6 Employee and Company hereby agree that, immediately upon Employee's
completion of the Probationary Period, Employee and Company will enter into a
definitive license agreement granting Company an exclusive worldwide and
perpetual license for all Employee's prior inventions and intellectual property
known as the "PMV" & "UltraNet", Light Emitting Diode (LED) display technologies
(the "Licensed Technology"). Employee represents and warrants that he has full
authority and all rights necessary to grant this exclusive, worldwide, perpetual
license of the Licensed Technology to Company. As compensation for the grant of
the exclusive license, Company will pay a total of 4% royalty on gross sales of
the Licensed Technology except that Company shall have the right to recover any
and all funds expended by Company in development, engineering, legal, marketing
and other costs of the products and/or technologies prior to being obligated to
pay the 4% royalty as described herein. Company shall not be obligated to, or
entitled to, enter into this license agreement until such time as Employee has
successfully completed his Probationary Period as described in Article 2 of this
Agreement and Exhibit A hereto. In the event of a termination of the
post-employment non-compete period by Company under Section 3.5 of this
Agreement and the grant of the non-exclusive sublicense to Employee required
thereby, the license granted to Company under this Section 6.6 shall remain
exclusive except for such sublicense and Company shall not be obligated to pay
the 4% royalty to Employee or Employee's assigns pursuant to such sublicense.


                       ARTICLE 7: NON-COMPETE OBLIGATIONS:

         7.1 As part of the consideration for the compensation and benefits to
be paid to Employee hereunder, in keeping with Employee's duties as a fiduciary
and in order to protect Company's interests in the confidential information of
Company and the business relationships developed by Employee with the clients
and potential clients of Company, and as an additional incentive for Company to
enter into this Agreement, Company and Employee agree to the non-compete
provisions of this Article 7. Employee agrees that during the period of
Employee's non-competition obligations hereunder, Employee will not, directly or
indirectly for Employee or for others, in any geographic area or market where
Company is conducting any business as of the date of termination of the
employment relationship or have during the previous twelve months conducted any
business:

                  (i) engage in any business competitive with the business
         conducted by Employer;

                  (ii) render advice or services to, or otherwise assist, any
         other person, association, or entity who is engaged, directly or
         indirectly, in any business competitive with the business conducted by
         Employer;

                  (iii) induce any employee of Company to terminate his or her
         employment with Company or hire or assist in the hiring of any such
         employee by any person, association, or entity not affiliated with
         Company.



                                       12
<PAGE>

These non-competition obligations shall extend until December 31, 2008 unless
Employee is terminated prior to the end of the Probationary Period as described
in Article 2 and Exhibit A.

         7.2 Employee understands that the foregoing restrictions may limit his
ability to engage in certain businesses anywhere in the world during the period
provided for above, but acknowledges that Employee will receive sufficiently
high remuneration and other benefits (e.g., the right to receive compensation
under Section 3.5 for the remainder of the Term upon Involuntary Termination)
under this Agreement to justify such restriction. Employee acknowledges that
money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Article 7
by Employee, and Company shall be entitled to enforce the provisions of this
Article 7 by terminating any payments then owing to Employee under this
Agreement and/or to specific performance and injunctive relief as remedies for
such breach or any threatened breach. Such remedies shall not be deemed the
exclusive remedies for a breach of this Article 7, but shall be in addition to
all remedies available at law or in equity to Company, including, without
limitation, the recovery of damages from Employee and his or his agents involved
in such breach.

         7.3 It is expressly understood and agreed that Company and Employee
consider the restrictions contained in this Article 7 to be reasonable and
necessary to protect the proprietary information of Company. Nevertheless, if
any of the aforesaid restrictions are found by a court having jurisdiction to be
unreasonable, or overly broad as to geographic area or time, or otherwise
unenforceable, the parties intend for the restrictions therein set forth to be
modified by such courts so as to be reasonable and enforceable and, as so
modified by the court, to be fully enforced.

                            ARTICLE 8: MISCELLANEOUS:

         8.1 For purposes of this Agreement the terms "affiliates" or
"affiliated" means an entity who directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with
Company.

         8.2 Employee shall refrain, both during the employment relationship and
after the employment relationship terminates, from publishing any oral or
written statements about Company or any of its officers, employees, agents or
representatives that are slanderous, libelous, or defamatory; or that disclose
private or confidential information about Company or any of its subsidiaries or
affiliates, or any of such entities' business affairs, officers, employees,
agents, or representatives; or that constitute an intrusion into the seclusion
or private lives of such entities' officers, employees, agents, or
representatives. A violation or threatened violation of this prohibition may be
enjoined by the courts. The rights afforded Company under this provision are in
addition to any and all rights and remedies otherwise afforded by law.

         8.3 For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other
communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have been duly given when personally delivered or when mailed by United States
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
addressed as follows:



                                       13
<PAGE>

         If to Company:

         Advance Display Technologies, Inc.
         7334 South Alton Way,  Suite F
         Englewood, Colorado 80112
         Attention:  Chief Executive Officer

         If to Employee, to the address shown on the first page hereof.

Either Company or Employee may furnish a change of address to the other in
writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of changes of address shall
be effective only upon receipt.

         8.4 This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the
State of Colorado, excluding any conflicts of law rule or principle that might
refer the construction of the Agreement to the laws of another state or country.

         8.5 No failure by either party hereto at any time to give notice of any
breach by the other party of, or to require compliance with, any condition or
provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar
provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time.

         8.6 If a dispute arises out of or related to this Agreement, other than
a dispute regarding Employee's obligations under Article 6 or Article 7, and if
the dispute cannot be settled through direct discussions, then Company and
Employee agree to first endeavor to settle the dispute in an amicable manner by
mediation, before having recourse to any other proceeding or forum.

         8.7 Each of Company and Employee is a citizen of the United States of
America. Company's principal place of business is in Englewood, Arapahoe County,
Colorado. Employee resides in Ocean Park, Washington. This Agreement was
negotiated and signed in Englewood, Colorado. This Agreement shall be performed
in Englewood, Colorado. Any litigation that may be brought by either Company or
Employee involving the enforcement of this Agreement or the rights, duties, or
obligations of this Agreement, shall be brought exclusively in the state or
federal courts sitting in Arapahoe or Denver County, Colorado. In the event that
service of process cannot be effected upon a party, each party hereby
irrevocably appoints the Secretary of State for the State of Colorado as its or
his agent for service of process to receive the summons and other pleadings in
connection with any such litigation.

         8.8 It is a desire and intent of the parties that the terms,
provisions, covenants, and remedies contained in this Agreement shall be
enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. If any such term, provision,
covenant, or remedy of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person,
association, or entity or circumstances shall, to any extent, be construed to be
invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, then such term, provision,
covenant, or remedy shall be construed in a manner so as to permit its
enforceability under the applicable law to the fullest extent permitted by law.
In any case, the remaining provisions of this Agreement or the application
thereof to any person, association, or entity or circumstances other than those
to which they have been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full
force and effect.



                                       14
<PAGE>

         8.9 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
Company and any other person, association, or entity which may hereafter acquire
or succeed to all or substantially all of the business or assets of Company by
any means whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or
otherwise. Employee's rights and obligations under Agreement hereof are personal
and such rights, benefits, and obligations of Employee shall not be voluntarily
or involuntarily assigned, alienated, or transferred, whether by operation of
law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Company.

         8.10 This Agreement replaces and merges previous agreements and
discussions pertaining to the following subject matters covered herein: the
nature of Employee's employment relationship with Company and the term and
termination of such relationship. This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement of the parties with regard to such subject matters, and contains all
of the covenants, promises, representations, warranties, and agreements between
the parties with respect such subject matters. Each party to this Agreement
acknowledges that no representation, inducement, promise, or agreement, oral or
written, has been made by either party with respect to such subject matters,
which is not embodied herein, and that no agreement, statement, or promise
relating to the employment of Employee by Company that is not contained in this
Agreement shall be valid or binding. Any modification of this Agreement will be
effective only if it is in writing and signed by each party whose rights
hereunder are affected thereby, provided that any such modification must be
authorized or approved by the Board of Directors of Company.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Company and Employee have duly executed this
Agreement in multiple originals to be effective on the 1st day of December,
2004.

Date:  December 20, 2004

COMPANY:                                        EMPLOYEE:

ADVANCE DISPLAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.              By: /s/ John W. Temple
                                                    -------------------------
                                                        John W. Temple
By: /s/ Matthew W. Shankle
    ---------------------------------------
       Matthew W. Shankle
       President and CEO

                                       15
<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A
   TO EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN ADVANCE DISPLAY TECHNOLOGIES AND
                                 JOHN W. TEMPLE

Employee Name:                      John W. Temple

Term:                               Effective December 1, 2004 (the "Effective
                                    Date") through December 31, 2007, with an
                                    option for Company to extend the Term for an
                                    additional six months or until June 30,
                                    2008.

Position:                           Executive Vice President of Sales and
                                    Marketing and Member of the Board of
                                    Directors for Advance Display Technologies,
                                    Inc.

Location:                           Englewood, Colorado

Reporting Relationship:             Reports directly to President

Monthly Base Salary:                Eight Thousand Three Hundred Thirty-Three
                                    and 33/100 Dollars ($8,333.33)

Sales Incentives:                   Beginning on the Effective Date, Employee
                                    shall be eligible to receive sales
                                    incentives equal to 3% of the gross sales
                                    revenue directly generated by the Employee's
                                    sales efforts and or his outside sales
                                    network, less any outside sales commissions,
                                    finder's fees, or sales incentives paid to
                                    any third parties. The 3% sales incentives
                                    shall be paid to Employee within 30 days of
                                    Company's receipt of the monies generated by
                                    the Employee's sales efforts and or those of
                                    his outside sales network. However, at the
                                    date Employee has earned the 6,000,000
                                    shares as outlined in paragraph 2.6 herein,
                                    or after December 31, 2005 whichever occurs
                                    first, the Employee shall no longer be
                                    eligible to receive a 3% commission on sales
                                    generated by his outside sales network, and
                                    will only be eligible to earn a 3% sales
                                    commission on sales generated directly
                                    through his own personal sales efforts.



                                       16
<PAGE>

Probationary Period:                Beginning on the Effective Date and
                                    continuing through February 28, 2005,
                                    Employee shall be employed under a
                                    Probationary Period giving Company and the
                                    Board of Directors ample time to evaluate
                                    the benefits generated by Employee and for
                                    the various intangible assets being
                                    contributed to the Company by Employee (the
                                    "Intangible Assets") (defined below). During
                                    the Probationary Period, if a majority of
                                    Company's Board of Directors (excluding
                                    Employee) determine that Employee is unfit,
                                    in any manner, to continue his employment
                                    under this Agreement, Company may terminate
                                    Employee's employment under this Agreement
                                    without any further liability whatsoever, in
                                    which event (i) Company shall return to
                                    Employee all sales commission revenues
                                    received by Company on account of Employee's
                                    efforts and sales of the Licensed
                                    Technologies (as defined below), less all
                                    commissions paid to Employee or others, all
                                    salaries and benefits paid to Employee,
                                    expenses, all cost of sales and other direct
                                    sales expenses paid by Company, (ii)
                                    Employee shall return all stock compensation
                                    and stock options granted to Employee, and
                                    (iii) Company will return the Intangible
                                    Assets it possesses at such time to
                                    Employee.


Stock Compensation:                 Subject to the approval of Company's Board
                                    of Directors, as further consideration for
                                    Employee's efforts and for the Intangible
                                    Assets being contributed to Company by
                                    Employee contemporaneously herewith,
                                    including but not limited to outstanding
                                    sales projects with bids submitted, sales
                                    agent network, industry contacts, industry
                                    knowledge and industry relationships,
                                    beginning on December 1, 2004 and continuing
                                    every month thereafter until October 1,
                                    2005, Company shall issue to Employee a
                                    total of 6,000,000 unregistered shares of
                                    Company's Series D Preferred Stock (the
                                    "Shares") in eleven (11) installments,
                                    comprised of 1,000,000 Shares as the initial
                                    installment on December 1, 2004, and 500,000
                                    Shares per installment for the remaining ten
                                    (10) installments, provided, however, that
                                    each such installment after the initial
                                    installment shall be reduced proportionately
                                    if and to the extent that $100,000 of
                                    incremental Net Sales Revenue has not been
                                    generated by Employee for Company since the
                                    prior installment, and provided further
                                    that, if and to the extent that $200,000 of
                                    incremental Net Sales Revenue is not
                                    generated between December 1, 2004 and March
                                    1, 2005, the Shares issued in the initial
                                    installment on December 1, 2004 shall be
                                    likewise proportionately reserved, which
                                    reduction shall be in addition to, and not a
                                    substitute for, the proportionate reductions
                                    of the monthly installments made on January
                                    1, 2005, February 1, 2005 and March 1, 2005.
                                    If at the time an installment is to be paid,
                                    the incremental Net Sales Revenue is less
                                    than or greater than $100,000 (or $200,000


                                       17
<PAGE>

                                    in the case of the initial installment),
                                    such deficit or surplus shall be carried
                                    over to the next installment so that, if
                                    Employee generates Net Sales Revenue
                                    utilizing the intangible assets equal to or
                                    greater than $1,000,000 on or before
                                    December 31, 2005 (60 days after the last
                                    installment is due to be paid on November 1,
                                    2005), Employee will have been issued the
                                    maximum total of 6,000,000 shares of Series
                                    D Preferred Stock of Company.
                                    Correspondingly, if and to the extent that
                                    the total Net Sales Revenue for the period
                                    beginning on the Effective Date and ending
                                    on December 31, 2005 is less than
                                    $1,000,000, the number of Series D Preferred
                                    shares to be issued to Employee will have
                                    been proportionately reduced and will not be
                                    increased by Net Sales Revenue after
                                    December 31, 2005. "Net Sales Revenue" shall
                                    be defined and calculated by subtracting (a)
                                    the total cost of goods, including all sales
                                    commissions or incentives paid to anyone,
                                    including but not limited to Employee, and
                                    the total cost of sales from the gross
                                    selling price of products sold by Employee
                                    and or his outside sales network from (b)
                                    the gross sales revenues generated by
                                    Employee or his sales network. If Employee
                                    obtains for Company a definitive agreement
                                    for the sale of a network of 100 or more
                                    electronic screen signs with a minimum 5
                                    year term and a 50% or greater revenue
                                    sharing arrangement, Employee's Probationary
                                    Period, as defined in Exhibit A, will
                                    immediately terminate. In such an event,
                                    Employee will be permitted to (a) apply 3%
                                    of Company's projected first year revenues
                                    from such agreement toward the Net Sales
                                    Revenue generated by Employee for the
                                    purposes of meeting the requirements of the
                                    stock compensation incentive as outlined in
                                    this paragraph and (b) elect, in Employee's
                                    sole discretion, to waive his right to
                                    collect the 3% sales commission as noted in
                                    paragraph 2.4 herein, and allow Company to
                                    retain those funds so that they are
                                    considered to be additional "Net Sales
                                    Revenue" generated by Employee. Because the
                                    Shares will be issued subject to a
                                    substantial risk of forfeiture, namely, if
                                    and to the extent that Employee fails to
                                    generate sufficient Net Sales Revenue to
                                    cause all such shares to be earned, Employee
                                    can elect to be taxed immediately on the
                                    Shares at their fair market value at the
                                    time of issuance ($.0167 per share for the
                                    initial installment on December 1, 2004)
                                    under Internal Revenue Code ss.83(b) (which
                                    election must be filed with the Internal
                                    Revenue Service no later than thirty (30)
                                    days after the issuance of any installment
                                    of the Shares for which an election is
                                    desired). If Employee fails to make a timely
                                    election under Internal Revenue Code
                                    ss.83(b) for accelerated recognition of any
                                    installment of Shares, then those Shares
                                    will be valued for income tax purposes by
                                    Company's Board of Directors, in its sole
                                    discretion, at the time that the risk of
                                    forfeiture for Shares expires on account of
                                    Company's receipt of Net Sales Revenue.
                                    Employee acknowledges, however, that (i) the
                                    tax laws relating to deferred recognition of
                                    compensation have been changed as of January
                                    1, 2005 by the American Jobs Creation Act of
                                    2004 and regulations to be promulgated under
                                    the new law, (ii) Company is not providing
                                    Employee with tax advice concerning existing
                                    tax law or the effect of the new law and
                                    (iii) Employee will consult with and rely
                                    upon Employee's own legal, tax and financial
                                    advisers concerning the tax and other
                                    effects of the issuance of the Shares to
                                    Employee.





                                       18
<PAGE>

Prior Inventions:                   Employee and Company hereby agree that, upon
                                    Employee's completion of the Probationary
                                    Period, Employee and Company will enter into
                                    a definitive license agreement granting
                                    Company an exclusive worldwide and perpetual
                                    license for all Employee's prior inventions
                                    and intellectual property known as the "PMV"
                                    & "UltraNet", Light Emitting Diode (LED)
                                    display technologies (the "Licensed
                                    Technology"). Employee represents and
                                    warrants that he has full authority and all
                                    rights necessary to grant this exclusive,
                                    worldwide, perpetual license of the Licensed
                                    Technology to Company. As compensation for
                                    the grant of the exclusive license, Company
                                    will pay a total of 4% royalty on gross
                                    sales of the Licensed Technology except that
                                    Company shall have the right to recover any
                                    and all funds expended by Company in
                                    development, engineering, legal, marketing
                                    and other costs of the products and/or
                                    technologies prior to being obligated to pay
                                    the 4% royalty as described herein. Company
                                    shall not be obligated to, or entitled to,
                                    enter into this license agreement until such
                                    time as Employee has successfully completed
                                    his Probationary Period as described in
                                    Article 2 of the Agreement and this Exhibit
                                    A. In the event of a termination of the
                                    post-employment non-compete period by
                                    Company under Section 3.5 of the Agreement
                                    and the grant of the non-exclusive
                                    sublicense to Employee required thereby, the
                                    license granted to Company under Section 6.6
                                    of the Agreement shall remain exclusive
                                    except for such sublicense and Company shall
                                    not be obligated to pay the 4% royalty to
                                    Employee or Employee's assigns pursuant to
                                    such sublicense.



                                       19
<PAGE>

Long Term Incentive Plan:           Subject to the approval of the Compensation
                                    Committee of the ADTI Board of Directors at
                                    its January 2005 meeting, Employee shall be
                                    granted an option to purchase 1,680,000
                                    unregistered shares of ADTI's common stock
                                    at a strike price of $0.03. The grant shall
                                    be effective on the date approved by the
                                    Compensation Committee and, so long as
                                    Employee remains employed by Company, shall
                                    vest 120,000 shares on each of April 1,
                                    2005, July 1, 2005, October 1, 2005, January
                                    1, 2006, April 1, 2006, July 1, 2006,
                                    October 1, 2006, January 1, 2007, April 1,
                                    2007, October 1, 2007, January 1, 2008,
                                    April 1, 2008, July 1, 2008, and October 1
                                    2008.

Date:  December 20, 2004


COMPANY:                               EMPLOYEE:

ADVANCE DISPLAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.     By: /s/ John W. Temple
                                           --------------------------------
                                           John W. Temple

By: /s/ Matthew W. Shankle
   ------------------------------
   Matthew W. Shankle
   President and CEO



                                       20

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99_2.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 99.2

                           CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION

                                       OF

                          THE SERIES D PREFERRED STOCK

                                       OF

                       ADVANCE DISPLAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                      (Pursuant to Section 7-106-102 of the
                           Colorado Revised Statutes)


                      ------------------------------------


         Advance Display Technologies, Inc., a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the State of Colorado (the "Company"), hereby
certifies that, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of
the Company (the "Board") by the Articles of Incorporation of the Company (the
"Articles of Incorporation"), as amended, the following resolution was adopted
as of November 25, 2003 by the Board pursuant to Section 7-106-102 of the
Colorado Revised Statutes:

         RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested in the
Board in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, as
amended, there shall be created a series of Preferred Stock, $.001 par value,
which series shall have the following designations and number thereof, powers,
preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions:

         1. Designation and Number of Shares. There shall hereby be created and
established a series of Preferred Stock designated as "Series D Preferred Stock"
(the "Series D Preferred Stock"). The authorized number of shares of Series D
Preferred Stock shall be 60,000,000.

         2. Conversion.

         (a) Right to Convert. Each share of Series D Preferred Stock shall be
convertible into a number of shares of common stock, par value $.001 per share
(the "Common Stock"), of the Company equal to the applicable Liquidation Amount
(as defined in Section 5 herein) divided by the then applicable Conversion Price
(as defined herein), at any time, or from time to time, at the election of the
holder.

         (b) Effecting a Conversion. The holder shall effect a Conversion by
surrendering to the Company the certificate or certificates representing the
shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be converted, together with written notice
of its election to convert and specifying the name or names (with address) in
which a certificate or certificates for shares of Common Stock are to be issued
(a "Shareholder Conversion Notice"). Each Shareholder Conversion Notice shall
specify the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be converted and the
date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may be neither prior
to, nor more than ten days after, the date the holder delivers such Shareholder
Conversion Notice. If no conversion date is specified in a Shareholder
Conversion Notice, the conversion date shall be the date that the Shareholder
Conversion Notice is delivered to the Company. Each Shareholder Conversion
Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. A holder of Series D Preferred Stock


<PAGE>

may only convert shares of Series D Preferred Stock in blocks equal to the
lesser of (i) the number of shares of Series D Preferred Stock convertible into
100 shares of Common Stock and (ii) all shares of Series D Preferred Stock then
held by the holder. All fractional shares resulting from the conversion of the
Series D Preferred Stock shall be rounded up to the next highest whole share.
All certificates representing shares of Series D Preferred Stock surrendered for
conversion shall be delivered to the Company for cancellation and canceled by
it. As promptly as practicable (but no more than three business days) after the
surrender of any shares of Series D Preferred Stock, the Company shall (subject
to compliance with the applicable provisions of federal and state securities
laws) deliver to the holder of such shares so surrendered certificate(s)
representing the number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock
into which such shares are entitled to be converted (and a certificate for
shares of Series D Preferred Stock if the holder is converting less than all
shares of Series D Preferred Stock represented by the certificate or
certificates tendered in connection with the applicable Conversion). Upon any
Conversion, accrued and unpaid dividends shall be paid in cash, to the extent
funds are legally available therefor.

         (c) Conversion Price. The initial conversion price per share of the
Series D Preferred Stock (the "Conversion Price") shall be equal to $.0167 per
share of Common Stock into which such number of shares of Series D Preferred
Stock is convertible, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3.

         (d) Reservation of Shares. The Company covenants that it will at all
times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock
solely for the purpose of issuance upon conversion of Series D Preferred Stock,
as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent
purchase rights of persons other than the holders of Series D Preferred Stock,
not less than such number of shares of Common Stock as shall be issuable upon
the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock. The
Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable
shall, upon issue, be duly and validly authorized, issued and fully paid,
nonassessable and freely tradable. If at any time the number of authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all then outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock, in addition to such
other remedies as shall be available to the holders of such Series D Preferred
Stock, the Company will take such corporate action necessary to increase its
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall
be sufficient for such purposes.

         (e) Issue Taxes. The Company shall pay all issue taxes, if any,
incurred in respect of the issue of shares of Common Stock on conversion. If a
holder of shares of Series D Preferred Stock specifies that the shares of Common
Stock to be issued in a Conversion are to be issued in a name or names other
than the name or names in which such Series D Preferred Stock stand, then the
Company shall not be required to pay any additional transfer or other taxes
incurred by reason of the issuance of such shares of Common Stock to the name of
another, and if the appropriate transfer taxes shall not have been paid to the
Company or the transfer agent for the Series D Preferred Stock at the time of
Conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock, the shares of Common Stock issued
upon conversion thereof may be registered in the name or names in which the
Series D Preferred Stock were registered, despite the instructions to the
contrary.


<PAGE>

         3. Adjustment of Conversion Price. The number and kind of securities
issuable upon the conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock and the Conversion
Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the
following provisions:

         (a) Subdivision or Combination of Shares. In the event that the Company
shall at any time or from time to time, prior to conversion of shares of Series
D Preferred Stock, (x) subdivide the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
larger number of shares or (y) combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a smaller number of shares, then, and in each such case, the Conversion
Price in effect immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted (and any other
appropriate actions shall be taken by the Company) so that the holder of any
share of Series D Preferred Stock thereafter surrendered for conversion shall be
entitled to receive the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities of
the Company that such holder would have owned or would have been entitled to
receive upon or by reason of any of the events described above, had such share
of Series D Preferred Stock been converted immediately prior to the occurrence
of such event. An adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become
effective retroactively in the case of any such subdivision or combination, to
the close of business on the day upon which such corporate action becomes
effective.

         (b) Stock Dividends. In case additional shares of Common Stock are
issued as a dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock (or such dividend
is declared), the Conversion Price shall be reduced, as of the date a record is
taken of the holders of Common Stock for the purpose of receiving such dividend
or other distribution (or if no such record is taken, as at the earliest of the
date of such declaration, payment or other distribution), to the Conversion
Price determined by multiplying the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior
to such declaration, payment or other distribution by a fraction (i) the
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately prior to the declaration or payment of such dividend or other
distribution, and (ii) the denominator of which shall be the total number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the declaration or payment
of such dividend or other distribution. In the event that the Company shall
declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in any right to acquire
Common Stock for no consideration, then the Company shall be deemed to have made
a dividend payable in Common Stock in an amount of shares equal to the maximum
number of shares issuable upon exercise of such rights to acquire Common Stock.

         (c) Recapitalization or Reclassification of Common Stock. In case of
any (i) capital reorganization or any reclassification (other than a change in
par value) of the capital stock of the Company, or (ii) exchange or conversion
of the Common Stock for or into securities of another corporation or other
entity, or (iii) consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other
person (other than a merger which does not result in any reclassification,
conversion, exchange or cancellation of outstanding shares of Common Stock) or
(iv) sale, lease or other conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Company, then in each instance referred to in the preceding clauses (i)
through (iv), the Board and the entity formed by such consolidation or resulting
from such capital reorganization, reclassification or merger or which acquires
(by sale, lease or other conveyance) such assets, as the case may be, shall make
provision (including upon the election of the holder of Series D Preferred Stock
pursuant to Section 5 below) such that the Series D Preferred Stock shall
thereafter be convertible for the kind and amount of shares of stock, other
securities, cash and other property receivable upon such capital reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, lease or other conveyance, as the
case may be, by a holder of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares
of Common Stock underlying the Series D Preferred Stock issuable upon the
conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock immediately prior to the effective
date of such capital reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation,
sale, lease or other conveyance and, in each instance referred to in the
preceding clauses (i) through (iv) (each, a "Transaction"), appropriate
adjustment (as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board) shall be made
in the application of the provisions herein set forth with respect to rights and
interests thereafter of the holder of the Series D Preferred Stock, to the end
that the provisions set forth herein (including the specified changes in and
other adjustments of the number of shares underlying the Series D Preferred
Stock) shall thereafter be applicable, as near as reasonably may be, in relation
to any such shares of stock or other securities or other property thereafter
deliverable upon conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock. The Company shall
not enter into any Transaction unless effective provision shall be made so as to
give effect to the provisions set forth in this subsection (c).


<PAGE>

         The Company shall not effect any transaction described in this
subsection 3(c) unless (i) it first gives, to the extent practical, twenty (20)
days' prior written notice (but in any event at least ten (10) days prior
written notice) of such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares,
recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets
(during which time the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
convert some or all of their shares of Series D Preferred Stock) and (ii) the
resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Company) assumes by written
instrument the obligations of this subsection 3(c). The provisions of this
subsection 3(c) shall similarly apply to successive consolidations,
reorganizations, reclassifications, exchanges, conversions, mergers, sales,
leases and other conveyances.

         (d) Other Provisions Applicable to Adjustment Under this Section 3. The
following provisions shall be applicable to the adjustments in the Conversion
Price as provided in this Section 3.

                  (i) Treasury Shares. The number of shares of Common Stock at
         any time outstanding shall not include any shares thereof then directly
         or indirectly owned or held by or for the account of the Company.

                  (ii) Other Action Affecting Common Stock. If the Company shall
         take any action affecting the outstanding number of shares of Common
         Stock other than an action described in any of the foregoing
         subsections 3(a) through 3(c) hereof, inclusive, which would have an
         inequitable effect on the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock, then
         the Conversion Price shall be adjusted in such manner and at such times
         as the Board on the advice of the Company's independent public
         accountants may in good faith determine to be equitable in the
         circumstances.

                  (iii) Minimum Adjustment. No adjustment of the Conversion
         Price shall be made if the amount of any such adjustment would be an
         amount less than one percent (1%) of the Conversion Price then in
         effect, but any such amount shall be carried forward and an adjustment
         in respect thereof shall be made at the time of and together with any
         subsequent adjustment which, together with such amount and any other
         amount or amounts so carried forward, shall aggregate an increase or
         decrease of one percent (1%) or more.

                  (iv) Certain Adjustments. The Conversion Price shall not be
         adjusted upward except in the event of a combination of the outstanding
         shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock.


<PAGE>

         (e) No Impairment. The Company will not, by amendment of its Articles
of Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other
voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of
the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company but will at all
times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of Section
3 and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in
order to protect the conversion rights of the holders of the Series D Preferred
Stock against impairment.

         (f) Notices of Adjustments. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted
as herein provided, the Chief Financial Officer (or other senior executive
officer in the absence of such person) of the Company shall, in good faith,
compute the adjusted Conversion Price in accordance with the foregoing
provisions and shall prepare a written certificate setting forth such adjusted
Conversion Price and showing in detail the facts upon which such adjustment is
based, and such written instrument shall promptly be delivered to each record
holder of the Series D Preferred Stock.

         4. Ranking.

         The Series D Preferred Stock shall rank, as to dividends, rights upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, senior and prior to (i) the Common Stock
and (ii) the Series E Preferred Stock and the Series F Preferred Stock. Future
issuances of preferred stock may be on a parity with, but may not be senior to,
the Series D Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, rights upon liquidation,
dissolution, winding up or otherwise, provided, however, that one or more future
issuances of preferred stock which provides for greater rights for such
preferred stock with respect to dividends, rights upon liquidation, dissolution,
winding up or otherwise but only to the extent that the greater amount of such
preferential right is directly proportional to, and reflective of, a higher cash
purchase price paid by the purchasers of such additional preferred stock (after
accounting for conversion ratios, stock splits, stock dividends,
recapitalizations and similar transactions), shall be considered to be in parity
with, and not senior to, the Series D Preferred Stock for purposes hereof. All
equity securities of the Company to which the Series D Preferred Stock ranks
senior to, whether with respect to dividends, rights upon liquidation,
dissolution, winding up or otherwise, including the Common Stock, are
collectively referred to herein as "Junior Securities," all equity securities of
the Company to which the Series D Preferred Stock ranks on a parity with, if
any, whether with respect to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, winding
up or otherwise, are collectively referred to herein as "Parity Securities" and
all equity securities of the Company to which the Series D Preferred Stock ranks
junior, if any, whether with respect to dividends or upon liquidation,
dissolution, winding up or otherwise are collectively referred to herein as
"Senior Securities").

         5. Liquidation Rights.

         (a) Liquidation Preference. Upon a voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, under applicable bankruptcy or reorganization laws, or dissolution
or winding up of the Company (each, but excluding Deemed Liquidations as defined
in subsection (c), below, a "Liquidation"), before any distribution of assets
shall be made to the holders of Junior Securities, the holder of each share of
Series D Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be paid out of the assets of the
Company legally available for distribution to its shareholders (the "Available
Assets") an amount per share equal to the "Liquidation Amount." For purposes of

<PAGE>

a Liquidation other than a Deemed Liquidation, the Liquidation Amount shall mean
the original issue price per share of the Series D Preferred Stock ($.0167, as
adjusted for stock splits, dividends, combinations or other recapitalization of
the Series D Preferred Stock) including any accrued but unpaid dividends on such
share (the "Liquidation Preference"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
distribution to be made to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock would be
greater than the Liquidation Preference if such shares of Series D Preferred
Stock were deemed to be converted into shares of Common Stock, then rather than
receiving the Liquidation Preference, the holders of Series D Preferred Stock
shall be paid pro rata with the holders of Common Stock (as if their shares had
been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 2 above immediately prior
to the Liquidation). If the Available Assets are insufficient to pay the holders
of Series D Preferred Stock the full amount of the Liquidation Amount, the
holders of Series D Preferred Stock will share ratably in the distribution of
the Available Assets in proportion to the respective amounts that would
otherwise be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such
distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such shares were paid
in full.

         (b) Priority. Upon the completion of the distribution required by
Section 5(a), and any other distribution to any other class or series of Senior
Securities, if assets remain in the Company, the remaining assets of the Company
available for distribution to shareholders shall be distributed among the
holders of Junior Securities that are entitled to a participating payment.

         (c) Deemed Liquidation. For the purposes of this Section 5, the
following shall be deemed to be a Liquidation (a "Deemed Liquidation"): (i) the
merger, reorganization or consolidation of the Company into or with another
corporation or other similar transaction or series of related transactions in
which more than 50% of the voting power of the Company is disposed of or in
which the shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger,
reorganization or consolidation own less than 50% of the Company's voting power
immediately after or (ii) the sale of all or substantially all the assets of the
Company. If the holders of a majority of the then outstanding shares of Series D
Preferred Stock, acting together as a single class, elect to waive application
of this subsection (c) by giving written notice thereof to the Company, such
event will not be a "Deemed Liquidation." Upon a Deemed Liquidation, holders of
Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive the greater of (i) the
Liquidation Preference or (ii) the cash and/or the value of the property, rights
or securities distributed to such holders by the acquiring person, firm or other
entity pro rata based on the number of shares of the Common Stock held by each
(as if their shares had been converted into Common Stock pursuant to Section 2
above immediately prior to the Deemed Liquidation). The value of such property,
rights or other securities shall be determined in good faith by the Board.

         (d) Notice. The Company will send a written notice of a Liquidation to
the holders of record of the Series D Preferred Stock, stating a payment date,
the Liquidation Amount and the place where the Liquidation Amount will be paid,
using any of the following delivery methods: (i) in person; (ii) mailed by
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; (iii) sent by national
courier; or (iv) sent by telecopier, not less than 25 days prior to the payment
date stated therein. The notice will be addressed to each holder at its address
as shown by the records of the Company.

         6. Dividends.

         Subject to the prior rights of holders of any class of stock at the
time outstanding having prior rights as to dividends, the holders of the Series
D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the
Board of Directors, out of any assets of the Corporation legally available
therefor, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Board of
Directors, in parity with the holders of Common Stock.


<PAGE>

         7. Voting Rights.

         Each holder of outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock is
entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of whole shares of Common
Stock into which the shares of Series D Preferred Stock held of record by such
holder are convertible at each meeting of shareholders of the Company (and
written actions of shareholders in lieu of meetings) with respect to any and all
matters presented to the shareholders of the Company for their action or
consideration. Except as provided by law and by the provisions of Section 9
below, the holders of shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall vote together
with the holders of Common Stock as a single class.

         The Company shall provide each holder of Series D Preferred Stock with
prior written notification of any meeting of the shareholders (and copies of
proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the event of any
undertaking by the Company of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of
determining shareholders who are entitled to receive payment of any dividend or
other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire
(including by way of merger, consolidation or recapitalization) any share of any
class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other right, or for
the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection
with any proposed sale, lease or conveyance of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company, or any proposed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Company, the Company shall mail a notice to each holder, at least ten (10)
days prior to the record date specified therein (or twenty (20) days prior to
the consummation of any transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date
on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend,
distribution, right or other event, and a brief statement regarding the amount
and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent
known at such time.

         To the extent that, under the Colorado Business Corporation Act, Colo.
Rev. Stat. ss. 7-1-101, or any successor act, statute or law (the "CBCA") the
vote of the holders of the Series D Preferred Stock, voting separately as a
class or Series as applicable, is required to authorize a given action of the
Company, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least a majority
of the shares of the Series D Preferred Stock represented at a duly held meeting
at which a quorum is present or by written consent of holders of all the shares
of Series D Preferred Stock (except as otherwise may be required under the CBCA)
shall constitute the approval of such action by the class. To the extent that,
under the CBCA, holders of the Series D Preferred Stock are entitled to vote on
a matter with holders of Common Stock, voting together as one class, each share
of Series D Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to cast that a
number of votes per share as is equal to the number of shares of Common Stock
into which it is then convertible using the record date for determining the
shareholders of the Company eligible to vote on such matters as the date as of
which the Conversion Price is calculated. Holders of the Series D Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to written notice of all shareholder meetings or written
consents (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to
shareholders) with respect to which they would be entitled by vote, which notice
would be provided pursuant to the Company's bylaws and the CBCA).

         8. No Reissuance of Series D Preferred Stock.

         No share or shares of Series D Preferred Stock acquired by the Company
by reason of redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued,
and all such shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be cancelled, retired and
eliminated from the shares of Series D Preferred Stock which the Company shall
be authorized to issue. Any such shares of Series D Preferred Stock acquired by
the Company shall have the status of authorized and unissued shares of Preferred
Stock issuable in undesignated Series and may be redesignated and reissued in
any series other than as Series D Preferred Stock.


<PAGE>

         9. Registered Holders.

         A holder of Series D Preferred Stock registered on the Company's stock
transfer books as the owner of shares of Series D Preferred Stock shall be
treated as the owner of such shares for all purposes. All notices and all
payments required to be mailed to a holder of shares of Series D Preferred Stock
shall be mailed to such holder's registered address on the Company's stock
transfer books, and all dividends and redemption payments to a holder of Series
D Preferred Stock made hereunder shall be deemed to be paid in compliance hereof
on the date such payments are deposited into the mail addressed to such holder
at his registered address on the Company's stock transfer books.

         The name and address of the individual who caused this Certificate of
Designation to be delivered for filing is: Matthew W. Shankle, 7334 South Alton
Way, Building 14, Suite F, Englewood, Colorado 80112.


<PAGE>

                           CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
                                       OF

                          THE SERIES E PREFERRED STOCK

                                       OF

                       ADVANCE DISPLAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                      (Pursuant to Section 7-106-102 of the
                           Colorado Revised Statutes)


                      ------------------------------------


         Advance Display Technologies, Inc., a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the State of Colorado (the "Company"), hereby
certifies that, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of
the Company (the "Board") by the Articles of Incorporation of the Company (the
"Articles of Incorporation"), as amended, the following resolution was adopted
as of November 24, 2003 by the Board pursuant to Section 7-106-102 of the
Colorado Revised Statutes:

         RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested in the
Board in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, as
amended, there shall be created a series of Preferred Stock, $.001 par value,
which series shall have the following designations and number thereof, powers,
preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions:

         1. Designation and Number of Shares. There shall hereby be created and
established a series of Preferred Stock designated as "Series E Preferred Stock"
(the "Series E Preferred Stock"). The authorized number of shares of Series E
Preferred Stock shall be 1,008,985 (the "Shares").

         2. Conversion. The Series E Preferred Stock shall not be convertible
into any other security of the Company.

         3. Redemptions.

              (a) Redemptions. The Company may, but shall not be obligated to,
redeem all or a portion of the then outstanding Shares at any time beginning on
November 26, 2006. The date of any redemption shall be referred to herein as the
"Redemption Date." (the "Redemption Date")

              (b) Redemption Price. For each Share which is to be redeemed, the
Company will be obligated on the Redemption Date to pay to the holder thereof
(upon surrender by such holder at the Company's principal office of the
certificate representing such Share) an amount in immediately available funds
(the "Redemption Price") equal to the original issue price per share of the
Series E Preferred Stock, initially $1.00, but which may be adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations or other recapitalization of the Series E
Preferred Stock, plus the amount of any accrued but unpaid dividends on such
Shares.


<PAGE>

              (c) Notice of Redemption. The Corporation will mail written notice
of each redemption to each record holder not less than 30 days prior to the date
on which such redemption is to be made. In case fewer than the total number of
Shares represented by any certificate are redeemed, a new certificate
representing the number of unredeemed Shares will be issued to the holder
thereof without cost to such holder promptly after surrender of the certificate
representing the redeemed Shares.

              (d) Rights After Redemption Date. No Share is entitled to any
dividends declared after its Redemption Date. On such date, all rights of the
holder of such Share will cease and such Share will not be deemed to be
outstanding.

         4. Ranking. The Series E Preferred Stock shall rank, as to dividends,
rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, senior and prior to the
Common Stock and the Series F Preferred Stock except as otherwise approved by
the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of shares of Series E Preferred
Stock. All equity securities of the Company to which the Series E Preferred
Stock ranks senior to, whether with respect to dividends, rights upon
liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise, including the Series F
Preferred Stock and the Common Stock, are collectively referred to herein as
"Junior Securities." All equity securities of the Company to which the Series E
Preferred Stock ranks on a parity with, if any, whether with respect to
dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise, are
collectively referred to herein as "Parity Securities." All equity securities of
the Company to which the Series E Preferred Stock ranks junior, whether with
respect dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise
including the Series D Preferred Stock are collectively referred to herein as
"Senior Securities".

         5. Liquidation Rights.

              (a) Liquidation Preference. Upon a voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, under applicable bankruptcy or reorganization laws, or dissolution
or winding up of the Company (each, a "Liquidation"), before any distribution of
assets shall be made to the holders of Junior Securities, the holder of each
share of Series E Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be paid out of the
assets of the Company legally available for distribution to its stockholders
(the "Available Assets") an amount per share equal to the "Liquidation Amount."
The Liquidation Amount shall mean the original issue price per share of the
Series E Preferred Stock, initially $1.00, but as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, combinations or other recapitalization of the Series E
Preferred Stock, including any accrued but unpaid dividends on such share (the
"Liquidation Preference").

              (b) Priority. The holders of Senior Securities, if any, shall be
paid the amount of their senior liquidation preference, if any, before any
payment to the holders of Series E Preferred Stock. Upon full satisfaction of
the liquidation preference to the holders of Senior Securities, the holders of
Series E Preferred Stock and any Parity Securities shall be paid the Available
Assets in accordance with their aggregate Liquidation Amounts. If the Available
Assets are insufficient to pay the holders of Series E Preferred Stock the full
amount of the Liquidation Amount, the holders of Series E Preferred Stock will
share ratably in the distribution of the Available Assets in proportion to the
respective amounts that would otherwise be payable in respect of the Shares held
by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such
Shares were paid in full. Upon full satisfaction of the liquidation preference
to the holders of Senior Securities and the Series E Preferred Stock, the
remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to shareholders shall
be distributed among the holders of Junior Securities that are entitled to such
payment.

                                       2
<PAGE>

              (c) Notice. The Company will send a written notice of a
Liquidation to the holders of record of the Series E Preferred Stock, stating a
payment date, the Liquidation Amount and the place where the Liquidation Amount
will be paid, using any of the following delivery methods: (i) in person; (ii)
mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; (iii) sent by
national courier; or (iv) sent by telecopier, not less than 5 days prior to the
payment date stated therein. The notice will be addressed to each holder at its
address as shown by the records of the Company.

         6. Dividends.

         The holders of outstanding Series E Preferred Stock on December 31st of
each year shall be entitled to receive cumulative dividends, which dividends
shall accrue, whether or not declared by the Board of Directors, annually on the
31st day of December of each year. The dividend shall accrue at a rate of 5% of
the initial Liquidation Preference per share of Series E Preferred Stock. All
accrued and unpaid dividends shall be paid only upon a Liquidation or Redemption
of Series E Preferred Stock as provided elsewhere in this Certificate. Dividends
shall begin to accrue on the Series E Preferred Stock as of December 31, 2003.
Any unpaid dividends shall not bear interest.

         7. Voting Rights. The holders of Series E Preferred Stock shall not be
entitled to any voting rights other than those required by law. To the extent
that, under the Colorado Business Corporation Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. ss. 7-1-101,
or any successor act, statute or law (the "CBCA") the vote of the holders of the
Series E Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class or Series as applicable,
is required to authorize a given action of the Company, the affirmative vote or
consent of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of the Series E
Preferred Stock represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present
or by written consent of holders of all of the shares of Series E Preferred
Stock (except as otherwise may be required under the CBCA) shall constitute the
approval of such action by the class. Holders of the Series E Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to written notice of all stockholder meetings or written
consents (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to
stockholders) with respect to which they would be entitled by vote, which notice
would be provided pursuant to the Company's bylaws and the CBCA.

         8. No Reissuance of Series E Preferred Stock.

         No share or shares of Series E Preferred Stock acquired by the Company
by reason of redemption, purchase, or otherwise shall be reissued, and all such
shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall be cancelled, retired and eliminated
from the shares of Series E Preferred Stock which the Company shall be
authorized to issue. Any such shares of Series E Preferred Stock acquired by the
Company shall have the status of authorized and unissued shares of Preferred
Stock issuable in undesignated Series and may be redesignated and reissued in
any series other than as Series E Preferred Stock.

                                       3
<PAGE>

         9. Registered Holders.

         A holder of Series E Preferred Stock registered on the Company's stock
transfer books as the owner of shares of Series E Preferred Stock shall be
treated as the owner of such shares for all purposes. All notices and all
payments required to be mailed to a holder of shares of Series E Preferred Stock
shall be mailed to such holder's registered address on the Company's stock
transfer books, and all dividends and redemption payments to a holder of Series
E Preferred Stock made hereunder shall be deemed to be paid in compliance hereof
on the date such payments are deposited into the mail addressed to such holder
at his registered address on the Company's stock transfer books.

         The name and address of the individual who caused this Certificate of
Designation to be delivered for filing is: Matthew W. Shankle, 7334 South Alton
Way, Building 14, Suite F, Englewood, Colorado 80112.



                                       4
<PAGE>

                           CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
                                       OF

                          THE SERIES F PREFERRED STOCK

                                       OF

                       ADVANCE DISPLAY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                      (Pursuant to Section 7-106-102 of the
                           Colorado Revised Statutes)


                      ------------------------------------


         Advance Display Technologies, Inc., a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the State of Colorado (the "Company"), hereby
certifies that, pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors of
the Company (the "Board") by the Articles of Incorporation of the Company (the
"Articles of Incorporation"), as amended, the following resolution was adopted
as of November 25, 2003 by the Board pursuant to Section 7-106-102 of the
Colorado Revised Statutes:

         RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested in the
Board in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, as
amended, there shall be created a series of Preferred Stock, $.001 par value,
which series shall have the following designations and number thereof, powers,
preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions:

         1. Designation and Number of Shares. There shall hereby be created and
established a series of Preferred Stock designated as "Series F Preferred Stock"
(the "Series F Preferred Stock"). The authorized number of shares of Series F
Preferred Stock shall be 4,549,015 (the "Shares").

         2. Conversion. The Series F Preferred Stock shall not be convertible
into any other security of the Company.

         3. Redemptions.

              (a) Redemptions. The Company may, but shall not be obligated to,
redeem all or a portion of the then outstanding Shares at any time beginning on
November 26, 2006. The date of any redemption shall be referred to herein as the
"Redemption Date." (the "Redemption Date").

              (b) Redemption Price. For each Share which is to be redeemed, the
Company will be obligated on the Redemption Date to pay to the holder thereof
(upon surrender by such holder at the Company's principal office of the
certificate representing such Share) an amount in immediately available funds
(the "Redemption Price") equal to the original issue price per share of the
Series F Preferred Stock, initially $1.00, but which may be adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations or other recapitalization of the Series F
Preferred Stock.


<PAGE>

              (c) Notice of Redemption. The Corporation will mail written notice
of each redemption to each record holder not less than 30 days prior to the date
on which such redemption is to be made. In case fewer than the total number of
Shares represented by any certificate are redeemed, a new certificate
representing the number of unredeemed Shares will be issued to the holder
thereof without cost to such holder promptly after surrender of the certificate
representing the redeemed Shares.

              (d) Rights After Redemption Date. After any Redemption Date, all
rights related to Shares redeemed on such Redemption Date shall cease and such
Shares will not be deemed to be outstanding.

         4. Ranking. The Series F Preferred Stock shall rank, as to rights upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, senior and prior to the Common Stock but
junior to the Series D Preferred Stock and the Series E Preferred Stock, except
as otherwise approved by the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of
shares of Series F Preferred Stock. All equity securities of the Company to
which the Series F Preferred Stock ranks senior to, whether with respect to
rights upon liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise, including the
Common Stock, are collectively referred to herein as "Junior Securities." All
equity securities of the Company to which the Series F Preferred Stock ranks on
a parity with, if any, whether with respect to liquidation, dissolution, winding
up or otherwise, are collectively referred to herein as "Parity Securities." All
equity securities of the Company to which the Series F Preferred Stock ranks
junior, whether with respect liquidation, dissolution, winding up or otherwise
including the Series D Preferred Stock and the Series E Preferred Stock, are
collectively referred to herein as "Senior Securities."

         5. Liquidation Rights.

              (a) Liquidation Preference. Upon a voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, under applicable bankruptcy or reorganization laws, or dissolution
or winding up of the Company (each, a "Liquidation"), before any distribution of
assets shall be made to the holders of Junior Securities, the holder of each
share of Series F Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be paid out of the
assets of the Company legally available for distribution to its stockholders
(the "Available Assets") an amount per share equal to the "Liquidation Amount."
The Liquidation Amount shall mean the original issue price per share of the
Series F Preferred Stock, initially $1.00, but as may be adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations or other recapitalization of the Series F
Preferred Stock (the "Liquidation Preference").

              (b) Priority. The holders of Senior Securities, if any, shall be
paid the amount of their senior liquidation preference, if any, before any
payment to the holders of Series F Preferred Stock.. Upon full satisfaction of
the liquidation preference to the holders of Senior Securities, the holders of
Series F Preferred Stock and any Parity Securities shall be paid the Available
Assets in accordance with their aggregate Liquidation Amounts. If the Available
Assets are insufficient to pay the holders of Series F Preferred Stock the full
amount of the Liquidation Amount, the holders of Series F Preferred Stock will
share ratably in the distribution of the Available Assets in proportion to the
respective amounts that would otherwise be payable in respect of the Shares held
by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to such
Shares were paid in full. Upon full satisfaction of the liquidation preference
to the holders of Senior Securities and the Series F Preferred Stock, the
remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to shareholders shall
be distributed among the holders of Junior Securities that are entitled to such
payment.

                                       2
<PAGE>

              (c) Notice. The Company will send a written notice of a
Liquidation to the holders of record of the Series F Preferred Stock, stating a
payment date, the Liquidation Amount and the place where the Liquidation Amount
will be paid, using any of the following delivery methods: (i) in person; (ii)
mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; (iii) sent by
national courier; or (iv) sent by telecopier, not less than 5 days prior to the
payment date stated therein. The notice will be addressed to each holder at its
address as shown by the records of the Company.

         6. Dividends. The Company shall not be required to pay, and the holders
of Series F Preferred Stock are not entitled to receive any dividends on the
Shares under any circumstances.

         7. Voting Rights. The holders of Series F Preferred Stock shall not be
entitled to any voting rights other than those required by law. To the extent
that, under the Colorado Business Corporation Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. ss. 7-1-101,
or any successor act, statute or law (the "CBCA") the vote of the holders of the
Series F Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class or Series as applicable,
is required to authorize a given action of the Company, the affirmative vote or
consent of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of the Series F
Preferred Stock represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present
or by written consent of holders of all of the shares of Series F Preferred
Stock (except as otherwise may be required under the CBCA) shall constitute the
approval of such action by the class. Holders of the Series F Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to written notice of all stockholder meetings or written
consents (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to
stockholders) with respect to which they would be entitled by vote, which notice
would be provided pursuant to the Company's bylaws and the CBCA.

         8. No Reissuance of Series F Preferred Stock.

         No share or shares of Series F Preferred Stock acquired by the Company
by reason of redemption, purchase, or otherwise shall be reissued, and all such
shares of Series F Preferred Stock shall be cancelled, retired and eliminated
from the shares of Series F Preferred Stock which the Company shall be
authorized to issue. Any such shares of Series F Preferred Stock acquired by the
Company shall have the status of authorized and unissued shares of Preferred
Stock issuable in undesignated Series and may be redesignated and reissued in
any series other than as Series F Preferred Stock.

         9. Registered Holders.

         A holder of Series F Preferred Stock registered on the Company's stock
transfer books as the owner of shares of Series F Preferred Stock shall be
treated as the owner of such shares for all purposes. All notices and all
payments required to be mailed to a holder of shares of Series F Preferred Stock
shall be mailed to such holder's registered address on the Company's stock
transfer books, and all redemption payments to a holder of Series F Preferred
Stock made hereunder shall be deemed to be paid in compliance hereof on the date
such payments are deposited into the mail addressed to such holder at his
registered address on the Company's stock transfer books.

                                       3
<PAGE>

         The name and address of the individual who caused this Certificate of
Designation to be delivered for filing is: Matthew W. Shankle, 7334 South Alton
Way, Building 14, Suite F, Englewood, Colorado 80112.



                                       4

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
