

                                                                    Exhibit 10.1



                              ACQUISITION AGREEMENT

                                 BY AND BETWEEN

                              CANDENT CORPORATION,

                                   AS SELLER,

                                       AND

                               INCODE CORPORATION,

                                  AS PURCHASER,

                                       AND

                              INTRANCE CORPORATION

                     AS PURCHASER'S WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY,

                          DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 1, 2004

                                    V.9.01.04



<PAGE>

                            ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT IS MADE AS OF THE 1ST DAY OF SEPTEMBER, 2004

AMONG:

                  INCODE  CORPORATION,  a company formed pursuant to the laws of
                  the  State of  Delaware  and  having an  office  for  business
                  located at 111 Howard Blvd,  Suite 108, Mount  Arlington,  New
                  Jersey 07856 ("Purchaser")

AND:

                  INTRANCE  CORPORATION,   a  wholly-owned   subsidiary  of  the
                  Purchaser formed pursuant to the laws of the State of Delaware
                  and having an office for business  located at 111 Howard Blvd,
                  Suite 108, Mount Arlington, New Jersey 07856 ("Intrance")

AND:

                  CANDENT CORPORATION,  a company formed pursuant to the laws of
                  the  State of  Delaware  and  having an  office  for  business
                  located  at PO Box 284,  Mount  Arlington,  New  Jersey  07856
                  ("Seller")

WHEREAS:

A.       The  Purchaser  is  in  the  business  of  acquiring,   developing  and
         commercializing    innovative   and    profitable    subscription-based
         eBusinesses in the online dating, information,  retail, industrial, and
         financial services sectors;

B.       The  Purchaser's  growth plans are to consolidate  one or more existing
         operating  businesses  and to bring  itself  public  through  a reverse
         merger transaction with an existing publicly-traded company;

C.       The  Seller  is  engaged  in  the  business  of  providing   technology
         development and other related services  (collectively,  the "Business")
         incidental to which it has certain assets  including but not limited to
         the following:

         (a)      Certain  internet-based  online dating,  information,  retail,
                  industrial, and financial services and portals;

         (b)      Certain intellectual property and other rights associated with
                  such services and portals;

         (c)      Certain  other  assets   associated  with  such  services  and
                  portals; and,

         (d)      Certain material  agreements with third parties  pertaining to
                  the above assets; and,

D.       The Purchaser desires to purchase and acquire and the Seller desires to
         sell,  convey,  assign  and  transfer,  or cause to be sold,  conveyed,
         assigned and transferred, to the Purchaser, the Seller's Assets.

NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT  WITNESSETH THAT in  consideration  of the premises
and the mutual covenants,  agreements,  representations and warranties contained
herein, and other good and valuable  consideration,  the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I
                                   DEFINITIONS

As used herein, the terms below shall have the following meanings:

         (a)  "Accounts  Receivable"  has  the  meaning  set  forth  in  Section
2.1(a)(i).

         (b) "Acquisition" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

         (c)  "Affiliate"  of a Person means any other Person that,  directly or
indirectly,  through one or more intermediaries,  controls, is controlled by, or
is under common control with, the first mentioned Person.

         (d) "Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

         (e) "Assumed Liabilities" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.

         (f) "Balance Sheet" means the balance sheet of the Business.

         (g) "Business" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

         (h) "Closing" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

         (i) "Closing Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

         (j) "Customer" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.7.

         (k)  "Customer   Contracts"  has  the  meaning  set  forth  in  Section
2.1(b)(ii)(A).


                                       1
<PAGE>

         (l) "Escrow  Agent" means the escrow  agent under the Escrow  Agreement
the Purchaser.

         (m) "Excluded  Liabilities"  means any liabilities and obligations with
respect to, arising out of or relating to, the  ownership,  possession or use of
the Seller's  Assets and the operation of the Business prior to the Closing Date
except those liabilities expressly assumed pursuant to Section 2.3 hereunder.

         (n) "Financial Statements" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.5.

         (o) "GAAP" means United States generally accepted accounting principles
as in effect from time to time.

         (p) "Governmental Entity" means any federal, state, provincial,  local,
county  or  municipal   government,   governmental,   judicial,   regulatory  or
administrative  agency,   commission,   board,  bureau  or  other  authority  or
instrumentality, domestic or foreign.

         (q) "Interests" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).

         (r)   "Person"   means   an   individual,   corporation,   partnership,
association,  limited liability company,  trust,  joint venture,  unincorporated
organization,  other  entity or group (as  defined  in Section  13(d)(3)  of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended).

         (s) "Purchase Price" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5

         (t) "Purchaser" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

         (u) "Seller" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

         (v) "Seller's Assets" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

                                   ARTICLE II
                           PURCHASE AND SALE OF ASSETS

Section 2.1        Acquired Assets.

On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this  Agreement,  at the
Closing the Seller  shall sell,  assign,  transfer,  convey,  and deliver to the
Purchaser free and (where applicable) clear of all liens, claims,  interests and
encumbrances of any nature, and the Purchaser shall purchase and accept from the
Seller the assets of the Seller (the "Seller  Assets") as hereinafter  described
(collectively,  the  assets set forth in this  Section  2.1 are  referred  to as
"Seller's  Assets").   Any  liens  or  encumbrances  assumed  by  Purchaser  are
identified in Schedule 2.2:

         (a) all legal and beneficial right,  title, and interest of the Seller,
whether prospective or actual, in and to the Seller Assets,  whether tangible or
intangible,  real, personal or mixed, wherever situated,  owned, held or used by
the  Seller or in which the  Seller has any  right,  title or  interest  that is
owned, directly or indirectly, leased or otherwise held primarily for use in the
Business and specifically including the following:

                  (i) all accounts  receivable  arising out of the  operation of
the Business existing on the date hereof including,  without  limitation,  those
listed or described  on Schedule  2.1(b)(i),  or arising in the ordinary  course
under the Customer Contracts after the date hereof (the "Accounts Receivable");

                  (ii) all rights and  incidents  of  interest of the Seller and
any Seller Subsidiary to:

                           (A) all of the services agreements between the Seller
and a customer in any way relating to the Business  (the  "Customer  Contracts")
existing on the date  hereof or arising in the  ordinary  course  after the date
hereof and listed or described on Schedule 2.1(b)(ii)(A) (which Schedule will be
provided by Purchaser prior to the Closing Date);

                           (B)  the  agreements,   contracts  and   arrangements
between the Seller and a vendor or other third party providing goods or services
relating to the Business listed on Schedule  2.1(b)(ii)(B)  (which Schedule will
be provided by the Purchaser prior to the Closing Date);

                           (C)  all  of  the  rights  of  the  Seller  regarding
confidentiality and/or non-competition with respect to the Transferred Employees
and former employees; and

                  (iv)  all  trade  names,  trademarks,  registered  copyrights,
service  marks,   trademark   registrations  and   applications,   service  mark
registrations  and  applications,   copyright  registrations  and  applications,
internet  addresses  and other  internet  related  assets used  primarily in the
operation of the Business as are listed or described on Schedule 2.1(b)(iv) (the
"Intellectual Property");

                  (v) all  rights and claims  under all  contracts,  warranties,
representations and guarantees made by suppliers,  manufacturers and contractors
in  connection  with the Seller's  Assets and all rights and claims  relating to
Assumed Liabilities except those shown or described on Schedule 2.1(b)(v);


                                       2
<PAGE>

                  (ix) all books and records of the Business;

                  (xii) all goodwill primarily related to the Business; and,

                  (xiii) to the  extent  assignable,  rights of  indemnification
from all non-affiliated  third parties for liabilities and obligations  relating
to the Business or the Seller's Assets.

Section 2.2       Encumbrances.

The sale and transfer of the Seller's Assets at the time of the Closing shall be
free and clear of all obligations,  security interests,  liens and encumbrances,
except as  identified  above and  described in Schedule 2.2 and other  schedules
attached hereto, or unless expressly assumed in writing by the Purchaser.

Section 2.3       Assumed Liabilities.

On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this  Agreement,  at the
Closing,  the Purchaser shall assume from the Seller and thereafter pay, perform
or otherwise discharge in accordance with their terms all of the liabilities and
obligations  of the Seller with  respect to,  arising out of or relating to, the
ownership,  possession  or use of the Seller's  Assets and the  operation of the
Business  other  than  the  Excluded  Liabilities,   including  liabilities  and
obligations  with  respect to,  arising out of or  relating  to, the  ownership,
possession or use of the Seller's  Assets and the operation of the Business,  as
well as accounts payable, accruals for expected accounts payable, notes payable,
accrued salaries and wages, and other accrued miscellaneous  expenses associated
with the Business, as shown in Schedule 2.3.

Section 2.4       Excluded Liabilities.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, and except
as set forth in  Section  2.3 above and as set  forth on  Schedule  2.3  hereto,
Purchaser  shall not assume or agree to pay,  perform or otherwise  discharge or
have  any  liability  whatsoever  for  any  Excluded  Liabilities  or any  other
liabilities,  obligations or expenses,  if any, of Seller  whatsoever other than
the Assumed Liabilities.

Section 2.5       Purchase Price.

Purchase Price. In consideration  for the Seller's  Assets,  the Purchaser shall
issue to Seller two hundred and seventy  five  thousand  shares  (275,000)  of a
non-voting  class of preferred  equity in Intrance  ("the  Subsidiary  Preferred
Stock"),  with a par value of $0.01.  Subsidiary  Preferred  Stock  holders will
receive a quarterly dividend equal to ten percent (10%) of Intrance's  aggregate
operating  income until such time as the Subsidiary  Preferred Stock is redeemed
or converted.  Shares of Subsidiary Preferred Stock shall be redeemable,  either
in  total  or in part on a pro  rated  basis,  by  Purchaser  at the rate of ten
dollars $10.00 per share, and shall be convertible  into the Purchaser's  common
stock at the rate of ten cents ($0.10) per common share.

         (a) Adjustment Upon Conversion. The Subsidiary Preferred Stock shall be
subject  to  adjustment   upon  conversion  such  that  the  percentage  of  the
Purchaser's  issued and  outstanding  common stock  represented by the shares of
Subsidiary  Preferred  Stock as if fully converted upon the issuance date of the
shares of Subsidiary  Preferred  Stock,  shall remain constant until the date of
conversion.   Furthermore,   the  Subsidiary   Preferred   Stock  shall  include
price-protection rights such that the Purchaser shall issue additional shares of
its common stock to the extent of any difference  between the  redemption  price
above  and the  ultimate  proceeds  realized  in the  event of any  sales of the
Purchaser's  common stock received by Seller hereunder,  and on the basis of the
then-current market price of the Purchaser's common stock.

                                   ARTICLE III
                                   THE CLOSING

Section 3.1       Closing.

The  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement  (the
"Closing")  shall take place on or before  October  31,  2004 at the  offices of
Purchaser's  attorney  (the date of  Closing  being  herein  referred  to as the
"Closing Date").

Section 3.2       Deliveries at Closing.

         (a) At the  Closing,  the Seller  shall  deliver  and cause the Selling
Subsidiaries to deliver to the Purchaser:

                  (i) duly executed  instruments or other evidence sufficient to
transfer to Purchaser the Interests;

                  (ii) duly executed bills of sale, substantially in the form of
Exhibit B attached hereto, transferring Seller's Assets to Purchaser;

                  (iii) all other conveyance  documents  reasonably necessary to
transfer to Purchaser Seller's Assets;


                                       3
<PAGE>

                  (iv) Seller's Assets (as set forth on Schedule 2.1), by making
Seller's  Assets  available to  Purchaser  at their  locations as of the Closing
Date; and,

                  (v) any  documents  or  certificates  that  are  necessary  to
transfer to Purchaser  good,  clear and  marketable  title all of the Assets and
assignments of all Company  Contracts,  and (ii) all opinions,  certificates and
other  instruments  and documents  required by the terms of this Agreement to be
delivered by Seller at or prior to Closing or otherwise  required in  connection
with the Acquisition.

         (b) At the Closing,  the Purchaser shall deliver to the Seller the note
described  in Section 2.5 and all other  documents  required to be  delivered by
Purchaser  to Seller at or prior to the  Closing  Date in  connection  with this
Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER

Seller  represents and warrants that as of the date hereof and as of the Closing
Date, the following  representations shall be true and correct and in full force
and effect:

Section 4.1       Organization and Good Standing.

Seller is a corporation  duly organized,  validly  existing and in good standing
under  the laws of the  State of New  Jersey  and has the  corporate  power  and
authority to own, lease and operate the Assets used in the Business and to carry
on the Business as now being conducted.  Seller is duly qualified to do business
and is in good standing as a foreign  corporation or otherwise in the states and
jurisdictions  set forth on  Schedule  L and in each  other  jurisdiction  where
qualification  as a foreign  corporation or otherwise is required to conduct the
Business.

Section 4.2       Authority, Approvals and Consents.

Except as set forth on  Schedule N hereto,  Seller has the  corporate  power and
authority  to  enter  into  this  Agreement  and to  perform  their  obligations
hereunder.  The  execution,  delivery and  performance of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions  contemplated  hereby have been duly authorized
and validly approved by the Board of Directors of Seller and by their respective
stockholders  and no other corporate or other  proceedings on the part of Seller
are  necessary to  authorize  and approve this  Agreement  and the  transactions
contemplated hereby. Seller hereby expressly represents that they have fully and
properly  complied  with all aspects of applicable  New Jersey  corporate law in
entering into this Agreement and for consummating the transactions  contemplated
hereunder.  This  Agreement  has  been  duly  executed  and  delivered  by,  and
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against Seller
in accordance  with its terms.  The execution,  delivery and performance of this
Agreement by Seller and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not and will not:

                           (i) contravene  any provisions of the  Certificate or
Articles  of  Incorporation  or  Formation  or By-Laws  or other  organizational
documents of Seller;

                           (ii)  conflict  with,  result  in  a  breach  of  any
provisions  of,  constitute  a  default  under,  result in the  modification  or
cancellation  of, or give rise to any right of  termination or  acceleration  in
respect of any Company  Agreement  (as defined  hereinbelow)  or,  except as set
forth on  Schedule N hereto,  require  any consent or waiver of any party to any
Company Agreement.

                           (iii) result in the creation of any Security Interest
upon, or any person obtaining any rights to acquire, the Assets;

                           (iv) violate or conflict with any Legal  Requirements
(as defined hereinbelow) applicable to the Business or any of the Assets; or

                           (v)  require  any  authorization,   consent,   order,
permit,  or approval of, or notice to, or filing,  registration or qualification
with, any governmental,  administrative or judicial  authority (except for state
or federal  environmental  regulatory agency requirements and those set forth on
Schedule N hereto).

Except as set forth or referred to above on Schedule N hereto, no authorization,
consent, order, permit or approval of, or notice to, or filing,  registration or
qualification  with, any governmental,  administrative or judicial  authority is
necessary  to be obtained or made by Seller to enable  Purchaser  to continue to
conduct the  Business  and use the Assets after the Closing in a manner which is
in all material respects consistent with that in which the Business is presently
conducted  and  as  the  Assets  are   currently   utilized.   Furthermore,   no
authorization,  consent,  order, permit or approval of, or notice to, or filing,
registration or qualification with, any governmental, administrative or judicial
authority,  creditor or other party is  necessary to be obtained or has not been
obtained by Seller prior to Closing to  effectively  convey to  Purchaser  good,
clear and  marketable  title to the  Assets,  free of any and all  claims of any
party with respect  thereto  (except as set forth in Section 4.4 hereinbelow and


                                       4
<PAGE>

provided  in   Schedule____).   Seller  does  hereby   expressly   disclaim  any
representation  or  warranty  as such may  relate to  compliance  with  state or
Federal securities laws.

Section 4.4       Consents and Approvals.

No  consent,   approval,  or  authorization  of,  or  declaration,   filing,  or
registration  with,  any  Governmental  Entity  will be  required  to be made or
obtained by Seller in connection with the execution,  delivery,  and performance
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated hereby,
except as set forth on Schedule N hereto.  Excluded  from the  foregoing are any
and all state or federal environmental regulatory agency requirements or filings
which shall be Purchaser's sole responsibility;  provided,  however, that Seller
does  hereby  agree to  provide  reasonable  cooperation  to assist  Purchaser's
satisfaction of such requirements.

Section 4.5       Financial Information.

Schedule O contains an unaudited Balance Sheet and income statement  prepared by
the finance and accounting staff of Seller for the Business as of June 30, 2004,
with the  representation  that they have been prepared in  accordance  with GAAP
(the "Financial Statements") on a review (not audited) basis (with exception for
footnotes,  summaries and  statements of cash flows).  The Financial  Statements
were prepared by Sellers and have not been reviewed by an independent  certified
public accounting firm. Except as set forth on Schedule O hereto,  the Financial
Statements are in accordance with the books and records of the Seller and fairly
and  accurately   present  the  financial   position,   results  of  operations,
stockholder's  equity  and cash  flows of  Seller  as of the  dates  and for the
periods indicated,  in each case in conformity with GAAP,  consistently  applied
(with  exception for footnotes , summaries  and  statements of cash flows).  The
statements  of income  included in the  Financial  Statements do not contain any
items of special or nonrecurring  income except as expressly  specified therein,
and the balance sheets  included in the Financial  Statements do not reflect any
write-up or revaluation  increasing the book value of any Assets.  The books and
accounts of Seller are complete and correct and fully and fairly  reflect all of
the  transactions  of Seller and are presently  located solely at the offices of
Seller and not at any other location.

Section 4.6       Title to Property/Assets.

                  (a)  Except as set forth in  Schedule  P  attached  hereto and
incorporated  herein by this reference  verbatim and at length,  the sale of the
Assets by Seller pursuant hereto will effectively convey to Purchaser all of the
Assets,  including all tangible and intangible  assets and properties of Seller,
as specified on Schedule A. Seller has good,  clear and marketable  title to all
of the Assets and to all other properties  reflected on the Financial Statements
or acquired  after the date thereof  (other than  properties  and assets sold or
otherwise  disposed  of  after  the  date  thereof  in the  ordinary  course  of
business),  and each  such  Asset  is held  free  and  clear of (i) all  leases,
licenses and other  rights to occupy or use such  property and (ii) all Security
Interests,  rights  of  way,  easements,  restrictions,  exceptions,  variances,
reservations,  covenants  or other  title  defects or  limitations  of any kind,
except  (with  respect  to all such  properties)  those set forth on  Schedule P
hereto,  none of which has a Material  Adverse  Effect on such  property  or its
present or contemplated use in the Business.

Section 4.7       Absence of Material Adverse Change; Conduct of Business.

Since December 31, 2003,  there has been no Material Adverse Effect and there is
no condition,  development  or  contingency  of any kind existing or in prospect
which,  so far as  reasonably  can be foreseen  at this time,  may result in any
Material  Adverse  Effect to the  Business  or which would  violate  Section 6.1
hereof.  With the  exception  of  transactions  listed on  Schedule  4.7,  since
December 31, 2003:

                  (a) Seller  has not sold or  transferred  any assets  that are
material to the Business other than in the ordinary course of business;

                  (b)   the  has   been  no   labor   dispute,   strike,   union
organizational  activity  allegation  or other  similar  occurrence  which might
reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the Business; and

                  (c) Seller has not taken any  actions  which  would  adversely
effect the Financial  Statements or any Company  Agreements and has not obtained
any information  relative to the Financial  Statements or any Company Agreements
which has not been disclosed to Purchaser.

Section 4.8       No Undisclosed Liabilities.

Seller  has not  incurred  any  liabilities  or  obligations  that would both be
required  to be  reflected  or  provided  for in a  Balance  Sheet  prepared  in
accordance  with the  policies,  procedures  and  methods  used to  prepare  the
Financial Statements.

Section 4.9       No Violations.


                                       5
<PAGE>

Neither the execution, delivery, or performance of this Agreement by Seller, nor
the  consummation  by  Seller  of  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby,  nor
compliance by Seller with any of the provisions hereof will (a) conflict with or
result in any breach of any provisions of the  certificate of  incorporation  or
bylaws of the Seller,  (b) result in a  violation,  or breach of, or  constitute
(with or  without  due  notice or lapse of time) a default  (or give rise to any
right of termination,  cancellation,  vesting, payment, exercise,  acceleration,
suspension or  revocation)  under any of the terms,  conditions or provisions of
any  contract,  agreement  or  arrangement  that is  included as an Asset or any
material note, bond,  mortgage,  deed of trust,  security  interest,  indenture,
license,  contract,  agreement,  plan or other instrument or obligation to which
Seller is a party or by which the  properties or Assets  related to the Business
may be bound or affected or (c) violate  any order,  writ,  injunction,  decree,
statute,  rule or regulation  applicable to Seller or the Assets,  except in the
case of clauses (b) or (c) for  violations,  breaches,  defaults,  terminations,
cancellations, accelerations, creations, impositions, suspensions or revocations
that would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.10      Absence of Litigation/Legal Matters.

Except as set forth on  Schedule Q attached  hereto and  incorporated  herein by
this reference  verbatim and at length (said Schedule Q having been presented to
Purchaser and its counsel in final form well prior to Closing),  (i) there is no
claim, action, suit, litigation,  investigation,  inquiry, review, or proceeding
pending  against,  or, to the Best  Knowledge of Seller,  threatened  against or
affecting,  Seller in regard, including, but not limited to, the Business or the
Assets, before or by any court, arbitrator, panel, agency or other governmental,
administrative  or judicial entity in the United States of America or elsewhere,
and (ii) Seller is not subject to any  judgment,  decree,  writ,  injunction  or
order of any governmental,  administrative  or judicial  authority in the United
States of America or elsewhere. To the Best Knowledge of Seller, the Business is
being  conducted in full  compliance with all laws,  ordinances,  codes,  rules,
regulations,  standards, judgments, decrees, writs, rulings, injunctions, orders
and other requirements of all governmental,  administrative or judicial entities
in  the   United   States  of  America  or   elsewhere   (collectively,   "Legal
Requirements")  applicable  to the  Business  and the Assets.  Seller  holds all
licenses, franchises, permits, registrations, certificates, consents, approvals,
rights or  authorizations  (collectively  "Permits")  required by all applicable
Legal  Requirements,  (iii)  Seller  owns or holds all  Permits  material to the
conduct of the Business and (iv) no event has occurred and is  continuing  which
permits, or after notice or lapse of time or both would permit, any modification
or termination of any Permit or violation of any Legal  Requirement.  Seller (A)
has  not  received  any  notice  asserting  any  noncompliance  with  any  Legal
Requirements  or  Permit,  or (B) is not  subject to any Legal  Requirements  or
Permit  which if  enforced  against  or  complied  with by Seller  would  have a
Material  Adverse Effect on the Business.  No  governmental,  administrative  or
judicial   authority   has  given  notice  of  any  intention  to  initiate  any
investigation, inquiry or review involving Seller or the Business.

Section 4.11      Taxes.

Seller,  and for any period during all or part of which the tax liability of any
other  corporation  or  other  entity  was  determined  to be on a  combined  or
consolidated basis with Seller,  such other corporation or other entity (as such
relates to the  Business),  have  timely  filed all  federal,  state,  local and
foreign tax returns,  information reports and declarations  required to be filed
(or have  obtained  or timely  applied  for an  extension  with  respect to such
filing(s) and have  disclosed same to Purchaser) and have paid, or made adequate
provision  for the  payment  of,  all Taxes  (as  defined  below)  which are due
pursuant to said returns or pursuant to an  assessment(s)  received by Seller or
any such other  corporation  or entity.  As used herein,  "Taxes" shall mean all
taxes, fees, levies or other assessments including,  but not limited to, income,
excise, property, sales, use, franchise, foreign,  withholding,  Social Security
and unemployment taxes imposed by the United States, any state, county, local or
foreign  government  or any agency or  subdivision  thereof or taxing  authority
therein, and any interest, penalties or additions to tax relating to such taxes,
charges, fees, levies or other assessments.

Section 4.12      Insurance.

All of  Seller's  Assets  utilized  in the  Business  which are of an  insurable
character  are insured by Seller  against loss or damage by fire and other risks
to the extent  and in the  manner  customary  for  companies  engaged in similar
businesses or owning similar assets. Set forth on Schedule T attached hereto and
incorporated  herein by this  reference  verbatim and at length is a list of all
policies for such  insurance and Seller  previously  have furnished to Purchaser
true and complete  copies of all such  policies.  All such  policies are in full
force  and  effect  and  Seller  represent  that  they  have  not  received  any
notification of cancellation or claim with respect thereto.

                                    ARTICLE V
                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASER

The Purchaser represents and warrants to the Seller as follows:

Section 5.1       Organization.

Purchaser  is a  corporation  duly  organized  and validly  existing and in good
standing  under  the laws of the  State of  Delaware,  and has  full  power  and


                                       6
<PAGE>

authority  to carry on its current  business and to own, use and sell its assets
and properties.

Section 5.2       Authority, Approvals and Consents.

Purchaser has the corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and
to perform its obligations hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have
been duly authorized and validly approved by the Board of Directors of Purchaser
and no  other  corporate  or other  proceedings  on the  part of  Purchaser  are
necessary  to  authorize  and  approve  this  Agreement  and  the   transactions
contemplated hereby.  Purchaser hereby expressly represents that they have fully
and properly  complied with all aspects of applicable  Delaware and  Connecticut
corporate  law  in  entering  into  this  Agreement  and  for  consummating  the
transactions  contemplated hereunder.  This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered  by, and  constitutes  a valid and binding  obligation  of  Purchaser,
enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms.

Section 5.3       Binding Nature.

This  Agreement  shall be, when duly executed and delivered,  a legally  binding
obligation of the Purchaser enforceable in accordance with its terms.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                    COVENANTS

Section 6.1       Conduct of Business by the Seller Pending the Closing.

The Seller  hereby  covenants,  represents  and warrants to the  Purchaser  that
pending  completion of the Closing unless  otherwise agreed to in writing by the
Purchaser:

         (a)  the  Seller  shall  not  engage  in  any  sale,   enter  into  any
transaction,  contract or commitment,  incur liability or obligation or make any
disbursement  not in the ordinary  course of the  Business,  including,  without
limitation,  the  payment,  of  any  kind  and in any  amount,  to the  Seller's
shareholders (or their  affiliates),  and the declaration  and/or payment of any
dividends,  purchase,  redemption  or other  distributions  with  respect to the
Seller's capital stock;

         (b) the Seller shall carry and  continue in force  through the Closing,
all  existing  insurance   coverages  including  without  limitation  to  theft,
liability  and other  insurance  as set forth in Schedule  6.1(b).  For any loss
occurring  between the date of this  Agreement and the Closing Date, the parties
rights and liabilities thereunder shall be determined as follows:

                  (i)  Casualty  Prior  to  Closing.   The  risk  of  any  loss,
destruction or other damage, other than ordinary wear and tear, between the date
of execution  hereof and the completion of the Closing,  shall be solely that of
the  Seller.  If before  the  completion  of the  Closing,  any of the  Seller's
machinery  or  equipment  which is the subject of this  Agreement  is damaged by
fire,  casualty or any other  cause:  (A) if the  replacement  or repair cost is
$10,000 or more, the Purchaser may either:  (x) terminate this Agreement without
liability  or (y) complete  the Closing  hereunder in which event the  Purchaser
shall be entitled to a credit to the insurance  proceeds arising with respect to
such damage,  and (B) if such replacement or repair cost, as the case may be, is
less than  $10,000,  the  Purchaser  shall be  obligated to complete the Closing
hereunder and shall be entitled to the insurance  proceeds  arising with respect
to such damage.

         (c) the  Seller  shall not amend,  modify or  terminate  any  agreement
related to the Business to which it is a party except in the ordinary  course of
business;

         (d) the Seller  shall use its best efforts to preserve the Business and
maintain  all of its  equipment  and  records in good order and keeping the same
available  for the  Purchaser  and further to  preserve  for the  Purchaser  the
goodwill of suppliers,  customers and others having business  relationships with
the Seller; and,

         (e) the Seller  shall give the  Purchaser  prompt  notice of all events
prior to Closing which may materially relate to any term of this Agreement.

Section 6.2       Access and Information.

The  Seller  shall  afford to the  Purchaser  and to the  Purchaser's  financial
advisors, legal counsel, accountants,  consultants,  financing sources and other
authorized  representatives  reasonable  access  during  normal  business  hours
throughout  the  period  prior  to  the  Closing  Date  to the  books,  records,
properties  and  personnel  of the  Seller,  the  Selling  Subsidiaries  and the
Transferred Subsidiaries relating to the Business and, during such period, shall
furnish  reasonably  promptly to the Purchaser such information as the Purchaser
reasonably may request.  All such  information  disclosed to the Purchaser shall
remain subject to the Confidentiality Agreement. Without limitation of the other
provisions  of this Section  6.2,  the Seller shall permit the  Purchaser or its
consultant,  in accordance with a mutually acceptable  confidentiality agreement
entered  into by the  Purchaser,  the Seller and, if relevant,  the  Purchaser's
consultant,  to migrate any data  concerning  the Business  which the  Purchaser
shall  deem  appropriate  onto  a  server  maintained  by the  Purchaser  or its
consultant but using the Purchaser's  software  programs.  It is the Purchaser's
intent that if the Closing  shall  occur,  the  Purchaser  shall have  immediate
access to such  migrated  data in order to operate the  Business and comply with


                                       7
<PAGE>

the  Purchaser's  reporting  obligations  for  the  combined  operations  of the
Purchaser  and the Business  under  applicable  securities  laws. If the Closing
shall not occur,  such  consultant  shall  destroy all of such  migrated data in
compliance with such confidentiality agreement.

Section 6.3       Additional Matters.

Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided,  each of the parties hereto
agrees to use all  reasonable  best efforts to take,  or cause to be taken,  all
action and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable
under  applicable  laws and  regulations  to consummate  and make  effective the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 6.4       Additional Financial Information.

On or prior to the Closing  Date,  the  Purchaser  shall have  received from the
Seller the Financial  Statements as of December 31, 2003, December 31, 2002, and
December 31, 2001. The Seller will provide the Purchaser with monthly  Financial
Statements  and income  statements  for the Business as prepared in the ordinary
course and consistent with past practice by the finance and accounting  staff of
the Business for each month after  December 2003 until the Closing for which the
Seller has closed the accounting  books of the Business,  which statements shall
be delivered within forty-five (45) days after each such closing.

Section 6.5       Indemnification.

The Parties shall indemnify each other as set forth below:

                           (i)  Seller  shall   indemnify   and  hold   harmless
Purchaser and each of its affiliates or other related  entities from and against
any and all losses,  damages,  liabilities and claims  (including legal fees and
costs)  arising out of, based upon or resulting  from any  inaccuracy  as of the
date  hereof or as of the  Closing  Date of any  representation  or  warranty of
Seller which are contained in or made  pursuant to this  Agreement or any breach
by Seller of any  obligations  contained in or made  pursuant to this  Agreement
including, without limitation, with respect to all liabilities,  commitments and
obligations of Seller.

                           (ii)  Purchaser  shall  indemnify  and hold  harmless
Seller from any and all losses, damages,  liabilities and claims arising out of,
based upon or resulting  from any  inaccuracy as of the date hereof or as of the
Closing Date of any  representation  or warranty of Purchaser which is contained
in or made  pursuant to this  Agreement or any breach by Purchaser of any of its
obligations contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement.

                           (iii) As a material  inducement to Purchaser entering
into and consummating the transaction contemplated hereunder, Seller does hereby
agree to hold  Purchaser  completely  free and harmless and indemnify  Purchaser
from and against  any and all claims  which  Seller has or may have  against any
stockholder,  member, director, officer, agent or other Person related to Seller
whatsoever.  Purchaser shall have no obligation whatsoever to participate in any
litigation or other action between Seller and any stockholder, member, director,
officer, agent or other Person related to Seller , and if Purchaser is forced to
participate in any such action,  Seller shall be solely  responsible for any and
all costs  incurred by Purchaser in  connection  therewith,  including,  without
limitation,  all economic  costs incurred by Purchaser and payment of reasonable
attorneys fees and costs.

                                   ARTICLE VII
                              CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

Section 7.1       Conditions Precedent to Obligation of the Seller.

The  obligation  of Seller  to  effect  the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement  shall be  subject  to the  satisfaction  or waiver at or prior to the
Closing Date of the following additional conditions:

         (a) the  Purchaser  shall have  performed in all material  respects its
obligations under this Agreement required to be performed by the Purchaser at or
prior to the Closing Date;

         (b) the  Purchaser  shall have (x) filed with the Secretary of State of
Delaware the  Certificate of Designation for Intrance  Corporation's  Subsidiary
Preferred  Stock,  with the rights and  privileges  provided  for in Section 2.5
hereof,  (y)  provided  a  certified   resolution  of  its  board  of  directors
authorizing an irrevocable instruction to Purchaser's transfer agent relative to
the rights and privileges attached to the Subsidiary  Preferred Stock as defined
in Section 2.5 hereof, and (z) issued to the Seller two hundred and seventy five
thousand shares (275,000) of the Subsidiary Preferred Stock; and,

         (c)  each  of the  representations  and  warranties  of  the  Purchaser
contained in this Agreement  shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date as
if made at and as of such date, except where the failure of such  representation
and warranty to be true and correct would not have a material  adverse effect on
the Purchaser or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


                                       8
<PAGE>

Section 7.2       Conditions Precedent to Obligation of the Purchaser.

The obligation of the Purchaser to effect the transactions  contemplated by this
Agreement  shall be  subject  to the  satisfaction  or waiver at or prior to the
Closing Date of the following additional conditions:

         (a) the Seller  shall  have  performed  in all  material  respects  its
obligations  under this  Agreement  required to be performed by the Seller at or
prior to the Closing Date;

         (b) each of the  representations and warranties of the Seller contained
in this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the Closing Date as if made at
and as of such date;

         (c) the  successful  completion  by the  Purchaser of that level of due
diligence the Purchaser deems reasonably required;

         (d) the Seller's  Assets are fee and clear of all perfected,  filed and
recorded liens, charges and encumbrances except those noted in Schedule 2.2. The
instruments of assignment,  transfer and bill of sale of Seller's  Assets to the
Purchaser  will comply in all respects with the terms of this  Agreement and are
sufficient  to  vest in the  Purchaser  all of the  Seller's  right,  title  and
interest in respect to all of the Seller's Assets being sold and/or  transferred
hereunder; and,

         (e) Opinion of Sellers'  Counsel.  Purchaser  shall have been furnished
with the opinion of Steven Lehr,  Esq.,  attorneys  at law,  counsel for Seller,
dated the Closing  Date,  in form and  substance  satisfactory  to Purchaser and
Purchasers'  counsel, as to the following (i) the good standing and authority of
Seller to carry on the  Business and own the Assets,  (ii) that all  appropriate
corporate or business  entity  actions  necessary  to complete the  transactions
contemplated  hereunder  have been taken,  (iii) Seller's  proper  execution and
delivery  of this  Agreement,  the  schedules  hereto  and any  other  documents
required or  necessary  hereunder  and the  validity  and binding  legal  effect
thereof and of Seller's obligations hereunder, (iv) Seller's good and marketable
title to the Assets, (v) disclosure of litigation, proceedings or investigations
pending or threatened  against Seller or which Seller's  counsel is aware,  (vi)
that this  Agreement  does not violate  any other  agreement  of which  Seller's
counsel  is aware,  and (vii) that the  documents  conveying  title to  Seller's
interest in the Assets are valid and legally binding. In rendering the foregoing
opinions, such counsel may rely as to factual matters upon certificates or other
documents  furnished by officers and  directors of Purchaser  and by  government
officials  and  upon  such  other  documents  and  data  as such  counsel  deems
appropriate  as a basis  for  their  opinions.  Such  counsel  may  specify  the
jurisdiction or jurisdictions in which they are admitted to practice,  that they
are not admitted to the Bar in any other  jurisdiction  or experts in the law of
any other jurisdiction and that such opinions are limited accordingly.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                       TERMINATION, AMENDMENT, AND WAIVER

Section 8.1       Termination Events.

This  Agreement  may be  terminated  at any time  prior to the  Closing  Date as
follows:

         (a) by mutual written agreement of the Purchaser and the Seller;

         (b) by the Seller  (provided  that the  Seller is not then in  material
breach of any  representation,  warranty,  covenant or other agreement contained
herein for which the Purchaser  shall have previously  notified the Seller),  if
there  has  been a  breach  by  the  Purchaser  of  any of its  representations,
warranties,  covenants or agreements  contained in this  Agreement,  or any such
representation  and  warranty  shall  have  become  untrue,  and such  breach or
condition has not been promptly  cured within 30 days  following  receipt by the
Purchaser of written notice of such breach;

         (c) by the  Purchaser  (provided  that  the  Purchaser  is not  then in
material  breach of any  representation,  warranty,  covenant or other agreement
contained  herein  for which the  Seller  shall  have  previously  notified  the
Purchaser),   if  there  has  been  a  breach  by  the  Seller  of  any  of  its
representations,   warranties,   covenants  or  agreements   contained  in  this
Agreement, or any such representation and warranty shall have become untrue, and
such breach or condition  has not been promptly  cured within 30 days  following
receipt by the Seller of written notice of such breach; and,

         (d) by the  Purchaser  (provided  that  the  Purchaser  is not  then in
material  breach of any  representation,  warranty,  covenant or other agreement
contained  herein) at or prior to the  Closing  Date,  if the  Purchaser  is not
satisfied with its due diligence review of the Business.

Section 8.2       Effect of Termination and Abandonment.

In the event of  termination  of this  Agreement  pursuant to this Article VIII,
written  notice  thereof shall be given as promptly as  practicable to the other
party to this Agreement and this Agreement shall terminate and the  transactions
contemplated  hereby shall be abandoned,  without  further  action by any of the
parties  hereto.  If this  Agreement is terminated as provided  herein (a) there
shall be no liability or obligation on the part of the Seller, the Purchaser, or
their respective officers,  directors and Affiliates, and all obligations of the


                                       9
<PAGE>

parties shall terminate,  except for (i) the obligations of the parties pursuant
to the  Confidentiality  Agreement,  and (ii) that a party  that is in  material
breach of its representations, warranties, covenants, or agreements set forth in
this Agreement shall be liable for damages occasioned by such breach,  including
without  limitation any expenses,  including the reasonable fees and expenses of
attorneys,  accountants  and  other  agents,  incurred  by the  other  party  in
connection  with  this  Agreement  and  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby;
provided,  however,  that the  Purchaser  shall not be deemed to be in  material
breach of this  Agreement  solely by reason of its  inability  to satisfy one or
more of the  conditions  set forth in Section 7.2 if the Purchaser is attempting
to satisfy such conditions in good faith.

                                   ARTICLE IX
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 9.1       Expenses.

Each of the Parties  hereto shall pay its own fees and expenses  (including  the
fees  of any  attorneys,  accountants,  or  others  engaged  by such  Party)  in
connection with this Agreement and the transactions  contemplated hereby whether
or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated.

Section 9.2       Paragraph Headings and Language Interpretations.

The paragraph  headings contained herein are for reference only and shall not be
considered  substantive  provisions of this Agreement.  The use of a singular or
plural form shall include the other form,  and the use of a masculine,  feminine
or neuter gender shall include the other genders, as applicable.

Section 9.3       Notices.

All notices,  claims,  demands, and other  communications  hereunder shall be in
writing  and  shall be  deemed  given  upon (a)  confirmation  of  receipt  of a
facsimile  transmission,  (b) confirmed delivery by a standard overnight carrier
or when delivered by hand, or (c) the expiration of five (5) business days after
the day when mailed by registered or certified  mail  (postage  prepaid,  return
receipt  requested),  addressed  to the  respective  parties  at  the  following
addresses  (or such  other  address  for a party as shall be  specified  by like
notice):

         (a) If to the Purchaser, to:

                               Incode Corporation
                                   PO Box 284
                        Mount Arlington, New Jersey 07856
           Attn: James Grainer, President and Chief Financial Officer

                                 with a copy to:

                              James Sonageri, Esq.
                          Hackensack, New Jersey 07652


                                      and,

         (b) If to the Seller, to:

                               Candent Corporation
                              111 Howard Boulevard
                        Mount Arlington, New Jersey 07856
                        Attn: Rachael Kreisler, President

                                 with a copy to:

                                Steven Lehr, Esq.
                         West Caldwell, New Jersey 07849

Section 9.4       Assignments.

This Agreement and all of the provisions  hereof shall be binding upon and inure
to the  benefit  of the  Parties  hereto  and their  respective  successors  and
permitted assigns; provided, however, that neither this Agreement nor any of the
rights,  interests,  or  obligations  hereunder  may be  assigned  by any of the
Parties hereto without the prior written consent of the other Party, except that
this  Agreement and such rights,  interests and  obligations  may be assigned by
Purchaser  to one  (1) or  more  Affiliates.  Purchaser  agrees  that  any  such
assignment shall not relieve Purchaser of its obligations hereunder.


                                       10
<PAGE>

Section 9.5       Entire Agreement.

This Agreement  (including the Schedules and any Exhibits  hereto)  embodies the
entire  agreement  and   understanding  of  the  Parties  with  respect  to  the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  and  supersedes  all prior  written  or oral
commitments,  arrangements,  understandings and agreements with respect thereto.
There  are no  restrictions,  agreements,  promises,  warranties,  covenants  or
undertakings  with respect to the  transactions  contemplated  hereby other than
those expressly sat forth herein.

Section 9.6       Modifications, Amendments and Waivers.

At any time prior to the Closing,  to the extent permitted by law, (i) Purchaser
and Seller may, by written  agreement,  modify,  amend or supplement any term or
provision of this Agreement and (ii) any term or provision of this Agreement may
be waived in writing by the Party which is entitled to the benefits thereof.

Section 9.7       Counterparts.

This  Agreement  may be executed in two (2) or more  counterparts,  all of which
shall be  considered  one (1) and the same  agreement and each of which shall be
deemed  an  original.  Each  Party  shall  receive a fully  signed  copy of this
Agreement.

Section 9.8       Governing Law.

This Agreement  shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey and the
United States of America  (regardless of the laws that might be applicable under
principles  of  conflicts  of  law  or  international  law)  as to  all  matters
including,  but not limited to,  matters of validity,  construction,  effect and
performance.

Section 9.9       Accounting Terms.

All  accounting  terms  used  herein  which are not  expressly  defined  in this
Agreement  shall have the respective  meanings given to them in accordance  with
generally accepted accounting principles on the date hereof.

Section 9.10      Severability.

If any one  (1) or more of  provisions  of this  Agreement  shall  be held to be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable,  the validity,  legality or enforceability of
the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby. To the
extent permitted by applicable law, each party waives any provision of law which
renders any provision of this Agreement invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any
respect.

Section 9.11      Specific Performance.

Purchaser and Seller  recognize  that any breach of the terms this Agreement may
give rise to  irreparable  harm for which money damages would not be an adequate
remedy, and accordingly agree that any non-breaching  party shall be entitled to
enforce the terms of this Agreement by a decree of specific  performance without
the  necessity  of  proving  the  inadequacy  as a remedy of money  damages.  If
specific performance is elected as a remedy hereunder,  the electing Party shall
be deemed to have waive any claim for other damages, except reasonable attorneys
fees,  costs  of suit  and  expenses  related  to the  enforcement  of  specific
performance.

Section 9.12      Consent to Jurisdiction.

Seller and  Purchaser  hereby  submit and  consent  to the  exclusive  venue and
jurisdiction of the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey, County of Bergen,
in respect of the  interpretation  and  enforcement  of the  provisions  of this
Agreement,  and hereby waive and agree not to assert as a defense in any action,
suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement of this Agreement, that
it is not subject  thereto or that such action,  suit or  proceeding  may not be
brought or is not  maintainable in said courts or that this Agreement may not be
enforced  in or by said  courts or that its  property  is exempt or immune  from
execution,  that the suit,  action or proceeding  is brought in an  inconvenient
forum, or that the venue of the suit,  action or proceeding is improper.  Seller
and Purchaser agree that service of process may be made in any manner  permitted
by the laws of the State of New Jersey or the federal laws of the United  States
in any such action,  suit or proceeding against Seller or Purchaser with respect
to this Agreement,  and Seller and Purchaser  hereby  irrevocably  designate and
appoint Bernd E. Hefele,  Esq., and Richard  Lambert,  Esq., as their respective
authorized  agents upon which process may be served in any such action,  suit or
proceeding,  it being  understood that such  appointment  and designation  shall
become effective  without any further action on the part of Seller or Purchaser.
Service of process upon such authorized agent shall be deemed, in every respect,
effective service of process upon Seller or Purchaser and shall remain effective
until Seller or Purchaser  shall  appoint  another  agent for service or process
acceptable to the other Party.  Seller and Purchaser  agree that final  judgment
(with all right of appeal having expired or been waived)  against it in any such
action,  suit or  proceeding  shall be  conclusive  and that the other  Party is
entitled  to enforce  such  judgment  in any other  jurisdiction  by suit on the
judgment, a certified copy of which shall be conclusive evidence of the fact and
amount of indebtedness arising from such judgment.


                                       11
<PAGE>

Section 9.13      U.S. Currency.

All payments  made under this  Agreement at any time shall be made in the lawful
currency of the United States of America.

Section 9.14      Risk of Loss.

                           (i) The risk of loss or  damage  to the  Assets to be
sold to  Purchaser  hereunder  shall be borne by Seller  until title or right to
possession shall have passed to Purchaser on the Closing Date.

                           (ii) If, prior to the Closing Date, any of the Assets
shall be damaged or  destroyed,  the  Purchase  Price shall be adjusted  for the
value of the Assets so damages or  destroyed  and in such case  Seller  shall be
solely entitled to any insurance proceeds paid or payable thereon.

                           (iii)  If,  prior  to the  Closing  Date,  any of the
Assets shall be damaged or destroyed or taken in condemnation  proceedings or if
the Business is materially affected to an extent which will materially adversely
affect operations similar to those heretofore  carried on by Seller,  Purchaser,
at its option,  may (A) elect to become entitled to any proceeds of condemnation
or  insurance  with  respect to such loss or (B) cancel  this  Agreement.  If so
canceled,  this Agreement  will be of no force and effect,  and in such event no
Party hereto, or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, consultants,
stockholders or principals shall have any further liability obligation hereunder
with respect thereto other than as specified herein.

Section 9.15      Transfer Documents.

Seller  agrees that the sale and transfer  hereunder of the Assets shall be made
on the Closing Date, as of the Closing  Date, by bills of sale,  assignments  or
other instruments of transfer as shall be appropriate to vest in Purchaser good,
clear and  marketable  title to the  Assets  subject  to  liabilities  expressly
assumed by Purchaser  pursuant to Section 2.3.  From and after the Closing Date,
upon the request of Purchaser, Seller shall do, execute, acknowledge and deliver
all such further acts,  assignments,  transfers,  instruments and conveyances as
may  reasonably  be required to convey to and vest in Purchaser  and protect its
right,  title and interest in and enjoyment of any of the Assets,  and as may be
appropriate  to  otherwise  carry  out  the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement.  To the extent that the assignment of any of the Assets shall require
the consent of other parties,  this Agreement shall not constitute an assignment
or agreement to assign the same if such action would  constitute a breach of any
contract  or  agreement  relating  to any of the  Assets.  Each  of  Seller  and
Purchaser  agree to use its Best Efforts to obtain the consents of other parties
to the sale and  assignment  hereunder to Purchaser.  If any such consent is not
obtained,  Seller and Purchaser  shall cooperate with each other in a reasonable
arrangement designed to provide for Purchaser the benefits thereof and to permit
the performance of remaining  unfulfilled  obligations  thereunder by Purchaser.
Failure of a Party to  cooperate  shall be  actionable  to the extent  that said
Party is responsible for act or omission complained of by the other Party.

Section 9.16      Allocation of Purchase Price.

The Parties shall  allocate the Purchase Price as their  respective  accountants
shall  mutually  determine and shall execute and file  identical IRS Forms 8594,
Asset Acquisition  Statement under Section 1060, of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended.

Section 9.17 THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE EACH RECEIVED A COPY OF THIS
AGREEMENT,  THAT THEY HAVE READ AND FULLY  UNDERSTAND THIS  AGREEMENT,  AND THAT
THEY HAVE BEEN  ADVISED  TO SEEK AND HAVE  EITHER  SOUGHT OR WAIVED  INDEPENDENT
LEGAL COUNSEL OF THEIR CHOICE TO AID IN THEIR UNDERSTANDING HEREOF.

Section 9.18      Binding Effect.

This  Agreement  shall be binding  upon and inure to the  benefit of the parties
hereto  and  their  respective  heirs,  successors,  legal  representatives  and
assigns.

Section 9.19      Parties in Interest.

Nothing in this  Agreement,  express or implied,  is intended to confer upon any
Person  not a Party to this  Agreement  any  rights or  remedies  of any  nature
whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

Section 9.20      Furnishing Information; Announcements.

Sellers  shall not issue any press  releases or  otherwise  make any  statement,
public or  otherwise,  to any  third  party  with  respect  to the  transactions
contemplated  hereby  without  the  prior  written  consent  of  Purchaser.  Any
notification of Sellers' employees of the transactions contemplated hereby shall
be subject to prior approval by Purchaser.  Any notices or other  information to
be  disseminated  shall be  submitted  to  Purchaser  prior to  distribution  or
dissemination.


                                       12
<PAGE>

Section 9.21      Force Majeure.

Neither Party hereto shall be liable for failure to perform any obligation under
this  Agreement  if such failure to perform is caused by the  occurrence  of any
contingency  beyond the  reasonable  control of such Party,  including,  without
limitation,  fire,  flood,  strike or other industrial  disturbance,  failure of
transport,   accident,  war,  riot,  insurrection,   act  of  God  or  order  of
governmental agency or act of terrorism. Performance shall be resumed as soon as
is possible after cessation of such cause. However, if such inability to perform
continues  for more than Ninety (90) days,  the other Party may  terminate  this
Agreement without penalty and without further notice.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Agreement  effective as of the
day and year first above written.



                                    INCODE CORPORATION



                                    By: /s/James Grainer
                                        ----------------------------
                                        Jim Grainer
                                        President and Chief Financial Officer


                                    INTRANCE CORPORATION



                                    By: /s/ James Grainer
                                        ----------------------------
                                        Jim Grainer
                                        President and Chief Financial Officer



                                    CANDENT CORPORATION



                                    By: /s/ Rachael Kreisler
                                        ----------------------------
                                        Rachael Kreisler
                                        President




                                       13


