-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 RcCH+oaAjiOCDUS9jt/o2nrPqda3fgrVPgywkXVYQX3rG9QO9LyIWLR6t39hcc2L
 kA/tWMPs+YvkFVLBcyqUFQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-04-001450.txt : 20041228
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-04-001450.hdr.sgml : 20041228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041228165504
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-04-001450
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001129284
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CABLE & OTHER PAY TELEVISION SERVICES [4841]
		IRS NUMBER:				330766069
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-31048
		FILM NUMBER:		041228985

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9100 WILSHIRE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400 W
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8584812207

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12268 VIA LATINA
		CITY:			DEL MAR
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92914

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAVALCADE OF SPORTS MEDIA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001204
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>dec2820048k.txt
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
     Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 21, 2004

                     Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)



          Nevada                       000-31048               33-0766069
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction     (Commission File Number)      (IRS Employer
     of incorporation)                                       Identification No.)


                   12268 Via Latina, Del Mar, California 92914
              (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)

        Registrant's telephone number, including area code (858) 481-2207

                                   Copies to:
                             Gregory Sichenzia, Esq.
                              Andrea Cataneo, Esq.
                       Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP
                           1065 Avenue of the Americas
                            New York, New York 10018
                              Phone: (212) 930-9700
                               Fax: (212) 930-9725

Check  the  appropriate  box  below  if the  Form  8-K  filing  is  intended  to
simultaneously  satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425)
[ ] Soliciting  material  pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

<PAGE>
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

     On December 21, 2004, we acquired all of the intangible  assets and certain
liabilities  of Battleship  VFX, Inc.  ("Battleship")  in exchange for 4,582,106
shares (the  "Acquisition  Shares") of our common stock issued to Brenda Michel,
the sole owner of Battleship.  In addition,  we are obligated to issue 3,054,737
shares (the "Earn-out Shares") of our common stock to Ms. Michel upon Ms. Michel
generating $2 million in gross revenues for our company.  The Acquisition Shares
and the Earn-out Shares are subject to weighted-average anti-dilution protection
for a period of three years from issuance.

     Furthermore,  we  agreed to enter  into an  employment  agreement  with Ms.
Michel, pursuant to which we will employ Ms. Michel for a term of two years at a
salary of $150,000 per year. The employment  agreement will automatically  renew
every two years so long as Ms. Michel has  satisfactorily  performed pursuant to
the employment agreement and the terms of the acquisition.  We can terminate Ms.
Michel  for  cause  if she is  found  by a court  to  have  engaged  in  willful
misconduct,  gross negligence or convicted of a crime that constitutes a felony.
In the event we terminate Ms. Michel's contract for any reason other than cause,
we are  obligated  to pay Ms.  Michel an amount  equal to two years salary and a
non-recourse loan in exchange for all of our common stock owned by Ms. Michel at
that time. The amount of the  non-recourse  loan shall be the purchase price for
the common stock from Ms. Michel,  which shall be weighted  average price of our
common stock for the thirty days prior to Ms. Michel's termination.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

         See Item 1.01 above.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

  (a)    Financial statements of business acquired.

         Not applicable.

  (b)    Pro forma financial information.

         Not applicable.

  (c)    Exhibits.


Exhibit Number                    Description
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.1           Asset  Acquisition Term  Sheet/Agreement,  by and among Pacificap
               Entertainment  Holdings,  Inc.,  Battleship VFX, Inc., and Brenda
               Michel


                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                       Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc.


Date: December 28, 2004                /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                       ------------------
                                       Edward Litwak
                                       Chief Executive Officer

                                       2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>dec2820048kex101.txt
<TEXT>

Exhibit 10.1

                          Assets Acquisition Term Sheet

                     Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc.

                              Battleship VFX, Inc.

     The purpose of this letter is to serve as a Term Sheet (the "Term Sheet"),
by and between Battleship VFX, Inc., a Delaware Corporation ("Battleship" and
"Seller"), Brenda Michel ("Principal") and Pacificap Entertainment Holdings,
Inc. a Nevada Corporation ("Pacificap" and the "Company") in connection with the
private sale of assets by the Seller to a special purpose wholly owned limited
liability company subsidiary of the Company ("Subsidiary"), pursuant to the
terms and conditions set forth herein (the "Transaction").

     1.   The closing of the Transaction shall take place upon the completion of
          all matters specified hereto to be performed at closing and upon
          performance or waiver of the conditions to such closing as specified
          herein (the "Closing").

     2.   At Closing of the Transaction, the parties shall effect the following:

               (a) Battleship shall transfer all of its intellectual property
          assets as described under Annex A attached hereto (the "Transferred
          Assets"), together with specified liabilities as set forth on Annex B
          attached hereto (the "Transferred Liabilities"). All other assets and
          liabilities not expressly transferred by Battleship shall be retained
          by Battleship.

               (b) In consideration for such Transferred Assets to the
          Subsidiary, the Company shall issue to the sole shareholder of
          Battleship, Brenda Michel (the "Principal") a number of shares of
          Common stock, par value, $0.001 per share (the "Common Stock"), equal
          to fifteen (15%) of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company
          on the record date of November 19, 2004 (the "Principal Shares") as of
          the date of execution hereof, which Principal Shares shall have
          weighted average anti-dilution protection for a period of not less
          than three (3) years from the date of issuance and shall include,
          without limitation, all issuances, conversions, splits and
          reverse-splits ("Anti-dilution Protection").

               (c) Principal shall be granted an earn-out right to obtain an
          additional ten percent (10%) of issued and outstanding Pacificap
          Common Stock on a fully diluted basis determined as of the date of
          such grant, upon generating two ($2) million dollars in gross revenues
          from any and all sources, including, without limitation, sponsorships,
          distribution fees and/or ancillary revenue streams (the "Earn-out
          Stock") which shall be subject to Anti-Dilution Protection.
<PAGE>
     3.   Conditions for Closing:

               (a) The Company shall have received a Terms Sheet for funding
          dollars in actual funding from the NIR Group (the "NIR Financing
          Commitment"), subject to the specified deductions and offsets set
          forth on Annex C attached hereto, which specification shall include
          any and all fees, costs, expenses and disbursements not to exceed
          $500,000 to be deducted, by the Company and such specified
          third-parties, from the NIR Financing Commitment (the "Schedule of
          Financing and Administration Fees");

               (b) The net proceeds of the NIR Financing Commitment (the "NIR
          Financing Net Proceeds") shall be allocated in their entirety to the
          Subsidiary, as to which a special purpose bank account shall be
          established by the Company which shall be jointly controlled by the
          Principal and one (1) officer of the Company (the "Subsidiary Funding
          Account"), and all such NIR Financing Net Proceeds shall be directed
          to be disbursed to the Subsidiary Funding Account.


     4.   Covenants:


               (a) Disbursement of the NIR Financing Net Proceeds shall be
          promptly made in accordance with budgets provided by the Principal.

               (b) The Company, upon request of Principal, shall use its best
          efforts to promptly cause the appointment and election of one (1) of
          Principal's nominees to the Pacificap board of directors.. The Company
          shall promptly make any and all filings as may be required by the
          Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), in
          such regard.

               (c) The Company shall cover any and all reasonable fees, costs,
          expenses and disbursements of legal counsel in respect of (1)
          development, deployment and operation the Acquired Assets; (2) for
          Principal, in respect of personal representation related to the
          Transaction, deployment of the Acquired Assets; and (3) for Battleship
          VFX, Inc. in regard to general corporate matters related to the
          transfer of the Acquired Assets. Principal undertakes to exercise
          commercially reasonable discretion in regard to incurring any and all
          such legal services.

               (d) Upon the Subsidiary attaining $500,000 in gross revenues
          attributable to the exploitation of the Acquired Assets, the Chief
          Financial Officer of the Subsidiary, as appointed by the Principal,
          shall be added as an authorized co-signatory on the Subsidiary Funding
          Account, who shall be authorized to sign as one of two (2) authorized
          persons, together with the Principal or designated officer of the
          Company as provided in Paragraph 3(b) above, and to disburse funds of
          the Subsidiary in accordance with the approved budget of the
          Subsidiary.

                                       2
<PAGE>

               (e) All Company fillings prepared and/or contemplated to be made
          with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") shall be
          submitted to the Principal's legal counsel for review and comment
          reasonably prior to the contemplated date of such filings.

               (f) The Company shall, at its sole cost and expense, maintain
          commercially reasonable and adequate Directors and Officers insurance
          coverage for the Principal and all of the Principals' nominees serving
          as Directors of the Company, as well as any and all other officers
          appointed by the Board at the request of Principal. The Company will
          indemnify and hold harmless Principal, Battleship and its officers,
          agents and counsel for any and all losses and damages arising prior to
          the effective date and thereafter due to any wrong doing on the part
          of the Company, its officers, directors, employees, agents, counsel,
          partners or consultants (including, in each case, without limitation,
          reasonable fees, costs, expenses and disbursements of Principal's
          counsel incurred in defending against allegations or findings of
          wrong-doing).

     5.   Employment Contract:

               (a) The Subsidiary shall execute a two year Employment Contract
          with Principal, to include the following:

                    (i) Principal shall be granted the title of her choice
               commensurate with the executive capacity of responsibility in
               regard to development, deployment and operations in the
               Subsidiary of the Acquired Assets.

                    (ii) Principal shall be granted complete managerial control
               over the development, deployment and operations in the Subsidiary
               of the Acquired Assets.

                    (iii) Principal shall be granted complete creative control
               over all entertainment projects and properties controlled by or
               created in respect of the Acquired Assets, and sole power of
               determination in regard to appointment of officers, production
               partners and contractors including, without limitation, in regard
               to exploitation of all ancillary products and services in respect
               of the Acquired Assets.

                    (iv) Principal shall be paid a salary not less than, but not
               limited to, $150,000 per year, to be paid incrementally on the
               1st and the 15th of each month. Annual salary increases shall be
               granted to Principal annual at a rate not less than documented
               cost of living increases within the metropolitan census region
               applicable to Principal. .

                                       3
<PAGE>
                     (v) Company will cover Principal and her immediate family
               with full medical benefits, by the health-services insurer and/or
               provider of her choice. Company will provide full coverage short
               term and long-term disability insurance coverage for Principal.

                    (vi) Employment Agreement of Principal can be terminated for
               "Cause" if she is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to
               have engaged in willful misconduct, gross negligence or convicted
               of a crime constituting a felony. In the event of termination for
               a reason other than Cause, Principal shall receive not less than
               an amount equal to two (2) years' salary and a non-recourse loan
               in exchange for any and all Company Common Stock then held by
               Principal, at a repurchase price determined as the weighted
               average price of the Company Common Stock during the thirty (30)
               days immediately preceding the effectiveness of such termination.
               Any and all such termination payments must be made to Principal
               within 30 days of the effective date of termination. Any demotion
               or removal of Principal from her scope of authority or
               requirements to perform such duties other than at her customary
               base of operations will in any and all such cases be deemed to be
               constructive termination.

                    (vii) Company shall carry life insurance to benefit
               Principal's survivors in amount of coverage of not less than two
               (2) years of Principal's base salary. Company may, at its
               discretion, carry Key-Man life insurance on Principal as to which
               the Company will be the beneficiary.

                    (viii) Provided that Principal has performed in accordance
               with the conditions set forth herein, the Principal's employment
               agreement shall automatically renew at the respective completion
               date for subsequent renewal periods of two years.

     6.   The Seller represents as of the date of this Term Sheet and as of
          Closing:

               o    Except with respect to Transferred Liabilities, the
                    Transferred Assets are free and clear of all liens, charges
                    and encumbrances of any nature whatsoever, contingent or
                    otherwise, and that good and marketable title to all of the
                    Transferred Assets shall be transferred to the Company at
                    the Closing subject only to liens imposed directly in
                    connection with the Transferred Liabilities.

                                       4
<PAGE>
               o    The Seller has complete and due authority to execute and
                    deliver this Term Sheet and to legally deliver the
                    Transferred Assets at Closing as contemplated hereunder and
                    all necessary corporate actions regarding the Transaction
                    have been taken by the Seller.

               o    The Transaction shall not constitute a violation of any
                    provision of the respective charter or governance documents
                    of the Seller or any contractual agreement of Seller or any
                    other instrument to which the Seller is subject.

     7.   The Seller represents, acknowledges and agrees to the following
          provisions with respect to federal and state Securities law and
          regulatory authority compliance:

               o    The Seller understands and acknowledges that this Term Sheet
                    and the Transaction are private and that the Principal
                    Shares have not been registered, approved or disapproved by
                    the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any
                    state or foreign securities agencies.

               o    The Seller is not acting as an underwriter and is acquiring
                    the Principal Shares solely for investment for its own
                    account and not with a view to, or for, resale in connection
                    with any distribution with in the meaning of any federal
                    securities laws, state securities acts or any other
                    applicable laws.

               o    Seller acknowledges that the Company is not under an
                    obligation to register or seek an exemption under any
                    federal, state or foreign securities acts for any stock of
                    the Company or to cause or permit such stock to be
                    transferred in the absence of any such registration or
                    exemption and that the Seller herein must hold the Principal
                    Shares indefinitely unless such stock is subsequently
                    registered under any federal and/or state securities acts or
                    an exemption from registration is available (e.g., under
                    Rule 144).

               o    The Seller understands the speculative nature and risks of
                    investments associated with the Company and confirms that
                    the Principal Shares are suitable and consistent with its
                    investment program and that its financial position enables
                    it to bear the risks of this investment; and that there may
                    not be any public market for the Principal Shares subscribed
                    for herein.

     8.   The Company acknowledges and agrees that as of the effective date
          and time of the Closing, the Transferred Assets are constituted
          only of intangible unregistered Intellectual Property and that
          the Transferred Liabilities shall also be transferred to the
          Company.

     9.   The parties agree that time is of the essence. All parties agree to
          use their respective best efforts to cause the Transaction to close.

    10.   The Seller acknowledges and agrees that the Company may, at its
          sole discretion, issue a press release upon the execution of this
          Term Sheet, provided, however, the Company shall obtain written
          consent and approval from the Principal in respect of any and all
          matters pertaining to the Battleship and/or the Transferred Assets.

                                       5
<PAGE>
    11.   The Company and the Seller shall promptly execute and transfer
          such further documents and will promptly take such further action
          as the Company may require in order to effectively consummate the
          Transaction, including, without limitation, any and all filings
          in respect of any required compliance with applicable Bulk
          Transfer laws and in respect of compliance with the Exchange Act
          and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
          regulations promulgated thereunder. The Company shall, at its own
          cost and expense, promptly cause Company counsel to properly
          prepare and file any and all Form 3s Form 4s Schedule 13D by and
          on behalf of the Principal.

    12.   Miscellaneous. This Term Sheet sets forth the entire understanding
          between the parties as to the subject matter hereof and merges and
          supersede all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of
          every kind and nature between such persons and any of their respective
          officers, directors, affiliates, representatives and agents with
          respect to the subject matter hereof. It is further understood and
          agreed that money damages would not be a sufficient remedy for any
          breach of this Term Sheet by any party hereto or its representatives
          and that, in addition to all other remedies available at law or in
          equity, each party shall be entitled to temporary, preliminary and
          permanent restraining orders and injunctions, in each case without the
          necessity of posting a bond or other security, and to specific
          performance, as remedies for any such breach. It is further understood
          and agreed that no failure or delay by either party hereto in
          exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder will operate as a
          waiver thereof, now will any single or partial exercise thereof
          preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any
          right, power or privilege hereunder. This Term Sheet will be governed
          and construed in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of New
          York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law
          provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other
          jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any
          jurisdiction other than the State of New York. This Term Sheet may be
          amended only in writing signed by the parties.

                            [Signature Page Follows]

                                       6
<PAGE>

This Term Sheet accurately reflects our understanding and is intended to be
fully binding upon the parties. This Term Sheet may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original and taken together shall
constitute one and the same agreement.

PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.

         By:      /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                  -----------------
                  Name: Edward Litwak
                  Title: Chief Executive Officer

BATTLESHIP VFX, INC.

         By:      /s/ BRENDA MICHEL
                  -----------------
                  Name:  Brenda Michel
                  Title:   President and CEO

PRINCIPAL: BRENDA MICHEL (Individually)

/s/ BRENDA MICHEL
- -----------------
Brenda Michel

                                       7

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
