-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 SRLx9WUxxZcKmeds7By60e7L6KC9iUxD/roFddoAUTwCIv03mbBHDMw1yEsb1Eis
 0NuDkklVZNa5c46lHxQAZA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001013762-04-001441.txt : 20041223
<SEC-HEADER>0001013762-04-001441.hdr.sgml : 20041223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041223164215
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001013762-04-001441
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041223
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001129284
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CABLE & OTHER PAY TELEVISION SERVICES [4841]
		IRS NUMBER:				330766069
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-31048
		FILM NUMBER:		041224646

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9100 WILSHIRE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400 W
		CITY:			BEVERLY HILLS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8584812207

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12268 VIA LATINA
		CITY:			DEL MAR
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92914

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAVALCADE OF SPORTS MEDIA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001204
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>dec2320048k.txt
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
     Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 17, 2004

                     Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)



          Nevada                       000-31048               33-0766069
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction     (Commission File Number)      (IRS Employer
     of incorporation)                                       Identification No.)


                   12268 Via Latina, Del Mar, California 92914
              (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)

        Registrant's telephone number, including area code (858) 481-2207

                                   Copies to:
                             Gregory Sichenzia, Esq.
                              Andrea Cataneo, Esq.
                       Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP
                           1065 Avenue of the Americas
                            New York, New York 10018
                              Phone: (212) 930-9700
                               Fax: (212) 930-9725

Check  the  appropriate  box  below  if the  Form  8-K  filing  is  intended  to
simultaneously  satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425)
[ ] Soliciting  material  pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

     On December 17, 2004, we entered into a Securities  Purchase Agreement with
AJW Offshore,  Ltd.,  AJW  Qualified  Partners,  LLC, AJW Partners,  LLC and New
Millennium  Capital  Partners II, LLC for the sale of (i)  $2,800,000 in secured
convertible  notes and (ii) warrants to purchase  2,800,000 shares of our common
stock.

     The investors are obligated to provide us with the funds as follows:

     o    $1,400,000 was disbursed on December 17, 2004;
     o    $700,000 will be disbursed  within five days of filing a  registration
          statement covering the number of shares of common stock underlying the
          secured convertible notes and the warrants; and
     o    $700,000 will be disbursed  within five days of the  effectiveness  of
          the registration statement.

     The secured  convertible  notes bear interest at 10%, mature two years from
the  date of  issuance,  and are  convertible  into  our  common  stock,  at the
investors' option, at the lower of:

     o    $0.02; or
     o    60% of the average of the three lowest intraday trading prices for the
          common stock on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board for the 20 trading
          days before but not including the conversion date.

     The full principal amount of the secured  convertible notes, plus a default
interest  rate  of 15%,  is due  upon a  default  under  the  terms  of  secured
convertible notes. In addition,  we granted the investors a security interest in
substantially  all of our  assets,  including  the  assets of our  wholly  owned
subsidiaries,  and intellectual property. We are required to file a registration
statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 45 days of closing,
which will include the common stock underlying the secured convertible notes and
the warrants. If the registration  statement is not declared effective within 90
days from the date of closing,  we are required to pay liquidated damages to the
investors.  In the event that we breach any  representation  or  warranty in the
Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  we are required to pay  liquidated  damages in
shares of our common  stock or cash,  at the  election of the  investors,  in an
amount equal to three percent of the outstanding principal amount of the secured
convertible notes per month plus accrued and unpaid interest.


     The warrants are exercisable  until five years from the date of issuance at
a purchase price of $0.02 per share.  The investors may exercise the warrants on
a cashless  basis if the shares of common stock  underlying the warrants are not
then registered pursuant to an effective  registration  statement.  In the event
the investors exercise the warrants on a cashless basis, we will not receive any
proceeds.  In addition,  the exercise  price of the warrants will be adjusted in
the event we issue common stock at a price below  market,  with the exception of
any  securities  issued as of the date of the  warrants or issued in  connection
with the secured  convertible  notes issued pursuant to the Securities  Purchase
Agreement.

     Upon an issuance  of shares of common  stock  below the market  price,  the
exercise price of the warrants will be reduced accordingly.  The market price is
determined  by averaging  the last reported sale prices for our shares of common
stock for the five trading days immediately preceding such issuance as set forth
on our  principal  trading  market.  The exercise  price shall be  determined by
multiplying  the  exercise  price in effect  immediately  prior to the  dilutive
issuance by a fraction. The numerator of the fraction is equal to the sum of the
number of shares outstanding immediately prior to the offering plus the quotient
of the amount of  consideration  received by us in connection  with the issuance
divided by the market price in effect  immediately  prior to the  issuance.  The
denominator of such issuance shall be equal to the number of shares  outstanding
after the dilutive issuance.

     The  conversion  price of the secured  convertible  notes and the  exercise
price of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances such as if we pay
a stock dividend, subdivide or combine outstanding shares of common stock into a
greater  or  lesser  number  of  shares,  or take such  other  actions  as would
otherwise result in dilution of the investors' position.

     The  investors  have  agreed to  restrict  their  ability to convert  their
secured  convertible  notes or exercise their warrants and receive shares of our
common  stock such that the number of shares of common stock held by them in the
aggregate and their affiliates after such conversion or exercise does not exceed
4.9% of the then issued and outstanding shares of our common stock.

                                       2
<PAGE>

     Under Guaranty and Pledge Agreements,  Messrs. Edward J. Litwak and Michael
Riley,  our Chief  Executive  Officer and  Chairman of the Board,  respectively,
agreed (i) to unconditionally  guarantee the timely and full satisfaction of all
obligations,  whether matured or unmatured, now or hereafter existing or created
and becoming due and payable to AJW Offshore, Ltd., AJW Qualified Partners, LLC,
AJW Partners, LLC and New Millennium Capital Partners II, LLC, their successors,
endorsees,  transferees or assigns under the Securities  Purchase  Agreement and
other  transaction  documents to the extent of 25,135 shares of our common stock
owned by Mr. Litwak and 2,000,000  shares owned by Mr. Riley,  and (ii) to grant
to AJW Offshore,  Ltd., AJW Qualified Partners,  LLC, AJW Partners,  LLC and New
Millennium Capital Partners II, LLC, their successors, endorsees, transferees or
assigns a security interest in the 2,025,135 shares owned by Messrs.  Litwak and
Riley, as collateral security for such obligations.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation.

          See Item 1.01 above.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

          See Item 1.01 above.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a)       Financial statements of business acquired.

          Not applicable.

(b)       Pro forma financial information.

          Not applicable.

(c)       Exhibits.


Exhibit Number                                Description
- ------------------  ------------------------------------------------------------
4.1                 Securities Purchase  Agreement,  dated December 17, 2004, by
                    and  among  Pacificap  Entertainment  Holdings,   Inc.,  AJW
                    Offshore,  Ltd., AJW Qualified Partners,  LLC, AJW Partners,
                    LLC  and  New  Millennium  Capital  Partners  II,  LLC.

4.2                 Callable  Secured  Convertible  Note issued to AJW Offshore,
                    Ltd., dated December 17, 2004.

4.3                 Callable  Secured  Convertible  Note issued to AJW Qualified
                    Partners, LLC, dated December 17, 2004.

4.4                 Callable  Secured  Convertible  Note issued to AJW Partners,
                    LLC, dated December 17, 2004.

4.5                 Callable  Secured  Convertible Note issued to New Millennium
                    Capital Partners II, LLC, dated December 17, 2004.

4.6                 Stock Purchase  Warrant issued to AJW Offshore,  Ltd., dated
                    December 17, 2004.

4.7                 Stock  Purchase  Warrant  issued to AJW Qualified  Partners,
                    LLC, dated December 17, 2004.

4.8                 Stock Purchase  Warrant  issued to AJW Partners,  LLC, dated
                    December 17, 2004.

4.9                 Stock  Purchase  Warrant  issued to New  Millennium  Capital
                    Partners II, LLC, dated December 17, 2004.

4.10                Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated as of  December  17,
                    2004, by and among Pacificap Entertainment  Holdings,  Inc.,
                    AJW  Offshore,   Ltd.,  AJW  Qualified  Partners,  LLC,  AJW
                    Partners, LLC and New Millennium Capital Partners II, LLC.

4.11                Security  Agreement,  dated as of December 17, 2004,  by and
                    among Pacificap Entertainment Holdings,  Inc., AJW Offshore,
                    Ltd., AJW Qualified Partners, LLC, AJW Partners, LLC and New
                    Millennium Capital Partners II, LLC.

4.12                Intellectual Property Security Agreement, dated December 17,
                    2004, by and among Pacificap Entertainment  Holdings,  Inc.,
                    AJW  Offshore,   Ltd.,  AJW  Qualified  Partners,  LLC,  AJW
                    Partners, LLC and New Millennium Capital Partners II, LLC.

                                       3
<PAGE>

4.13                Guaranty and Pledge  Agreement,  dated December 17, 2004, by
                    and among Pacificap  Entertainment  Holdings,  Inc.,  Edward
                    Litwak, AJW Offshore, Ltd., AJW Qualified Partners, LLC, AJW
                    Partners, LLC and New Millennium Capital Partners II, LLC.

4.14                Guaranty and Pledge  Agreement,  dated December 17, 2004, by
                    and among Pacificap  Entertainment  Holdings,  Inc., Michael
                    Riley, AJW Offshore,  Ltd., AJW Qualified Partners, LLC, AJW
                    Partners, LLC and New Millennium Capital Partners II, LLC.

                                       4
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                     Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc.


Date: December 23, 2004              /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                     -----------------------------------
                                     Edward Litwak
                                     Chief Executive Officer


                                       5

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>dec2320048kex41.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

                          SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT


          SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of December
17, 2004, by and among Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc., a Nevada
corporation, with headquarters located at 12268 Via Latina, Del Mar, California
92914 (the "Company"), and each of the purchasers set forth on the signature
pages hereto (the "Buyers").

         WHEREAS:

          A. The Company and the Buyers are executing and delivering this
Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by the rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "1933 Act");

          B. Buyers desire to purchase and the Company desires to issue and
sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (i) 10% secured
convertible notes of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit "A", in
the aggregate principal amount of Two Million Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars
($2,800,000) (together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a
dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the terms
thereof, the "Notes"), convertible into shares of common stock, par value $.001
per share, of the Company (the "Common Stock"), upon the terms and subject to
the limitations and conditions set forth in such Notes and (ii) warrants, in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit "B", to purchase 2,800,000 shares of Common
Stock (the "Warrants").

          C. Each Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated
in this Agreement, such principal amount of Notes and number of Warrants as is
set forth immediately below its name on the signature pages hereto; and

          D. Contemporaneous with the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
the parties hereto are executing and delivering a Registration Rights Agreement,
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit "C" (the "Registration Rights
Agreement"), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to provide certain
registration rights under the 1933 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, and applicable state securities laws.

          NOW THEREFORE, the Company and each of the Buyers severally (and not
jointly) hereby agree as follows:

          1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF NOTES AND WARRANTS.

               a. Purchase of Notes and Warrants. On the Closing Date (as
defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to each Buyer and each Buyer
severally agrees to purchase from the Company such principal amount of Notes and
number of Warrants as is set forth immediately below such Buyer's name on the
signature pages hereto.
<PAGE>

               b. Form of Payment. On the Closing Date (as defined below), (i)
each Buyer shall pay the purchase price for the Notes and the Warrants to be
issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below) (the "Purchase Price")
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance
with the Company's written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Notes in
the principal amount equal to the Purchase Price and the number of Warrants as
is set forth immediately below such Buyer's name on the signature pages hereto,
and (ii) the Company shall deliver such Notes and Warrants duly executed on
behalf of the Company, to such Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price.

               c. Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver)
of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date
and time of the issuance and sale of the Notes and the Warrants pursuant to this
Agreement (the "Closing Date") shall be 12:00 noon, Eastern Standard Time on
December 17, 2004, or such other mutually agreed upon time. The closing of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the "Closing") shall occur on the
Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties.

          2. BUYERS' REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Each Buyer severally (and
not jointly) represents and warrants to the Company solely as to such Buyer
that:

               a. Investment Purpose. As of the date hereof, the Buyer is
purchasing the Notes and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
or otherwise pursuant to the Notes (including, without limitation, such
additional shares of Common Stock, if any, as are issuable (i) on account of
interest on the Notes, (ii) as a result of the events described in Sections 1.3
and 1.4(g) of the Notes and Section 2(c) of the Registration Rights Agreement or
(iii) in payment of the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount (as defined in
Section 2(f) below) pursuant to this Agreement, such shares of Common Stock
being collectively referred to herein as the "Conversion Shares") and the
Warrants and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof (the
"Warrant Shares" and, collectively with the Notes, Warrants and Conversion
Shares, the "Securities") for its own account and not with a present view
towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales
registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided, however,
that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any
of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right
to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a
registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act.

               b. Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer is an "accredited
investor" as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an "Accredited
Investor").

               c. Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the
Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions
from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities
laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the
Buyer's compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements,
acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to
determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer
to acquire the Securities.

                                       2
<PAGE>

               d. Information. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been,
and for so long as the Notes and Warrants remain outstanding will continue to
be, furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and
operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the
Securities which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and
its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Notes and Warrants
remain outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask
questions of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not
disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information and will not disclose
such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or
promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any
other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or
representatives shall modify, amend or affect Buyer's right to rely on the
Company's representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. The Buyer
understands that its investment in the Securities involves a significant degree
of risk.

               e. Governmental Review. The Buyer understands that no United
States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency
has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.

               f. Transfer or Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) except as
provided in the Registration Rights Agreement, the sale or re-sale of the
Securities has not been and is not being registered under the 1933 Act or any
applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred
unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company
an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for
opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities
to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption
from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the
Securities are sold or transferred to an "affiliate" (as defined in Rule 144
promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) ("Rule 144")) of the Buyer
who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance with
this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold
pursuant to Rule 144, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S
under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) ("Regulation S"), and the Buyer shall
have delivered to the Company an opinion of counsel that shall be in form,
substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions,
which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities
made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of
said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such
Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person through whom
the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in
the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933
Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the
Company nor any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities
under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and
conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case, other than pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else
contained herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged as collateral in
connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement. In the
event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the
Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from
registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation S, within three (3) business days
of delivery of the opinion to the Company, the Company shall pay to the Buyer
liquidated damages of three percent (3%) of the outstanding amount of the Notes
per month plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes, prorated for partial
months, in cash or shares at the option of the Company ("Standard Liquidated
Damages Amount"). If the Company elects to be pay the Standard Liquidated
Damages Amount in shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be issued at the
Conversion Price (as defined in the Notes) at the time of payment.

                                       3
<PAGE>
               g. Legends. The Buyer understands that the Notes and the Warrants
and, until such time as the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares have been
registered under the 1933 Act as contemplated by the Registration Rights
Agreement or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can
then be immediately sold, the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares may bear a
restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer
order may be placed against transfer of the certificates for such Securities):

              "The securities represented by this certificate have not
              been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
              amended. The securities may not be sold, transferred or
              assigned in the absence of an effective registration
              statement for the securities under said Act, or an opinion
              of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for
              opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, that
              registration is not required under said Act or unless sold
              pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S under said Act."

          The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall
issue a certificate without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which
it is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities
laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective registration
statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144
or Regulation S without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a
particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) such holder provides
the Company with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary
for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public
sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the
1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or
transfer is effected or (c) such holder provides the Company with reasonable
assurances that such Security can be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S.
The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a
certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with
applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any.

               h. Authorization; Enforcement. This Agreement and the
Registration Rights Agreement have been duly and validly authorized. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer, and this
Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Buyer of the
Registration Rights Agreement, such agreement will constitute, valid and binding
agreements of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with their terms.

               i. Residency. The Buyer is a resident of the jurisdiction set
forth immediately below such Buyer's name on the signature pages hereto.

                                       4
<PAGE>

          3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. The Company
represents and warrants to each Buyer that:

               a. Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in
which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to
own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and
where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. Schedule 3(a) sets forth
a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which
each is incorporated. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified
as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every
jurisdiction in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the
business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the
failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse
Effect. "Material Adverse Effect" means any material adverse effect on the
business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or
its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated
hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection
herewith. "Subsidiaries" means any corporation or other organization, whether
incorporated or unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or
indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest.

               b. Authorization; Enforcement. (i) The Company has all requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the
Registration Rights Agreement, the Notes and the Warrants and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in
accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of
this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Notes and the Warrants by
the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Notes and the
Warrants and the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares
and Warrant Shares issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof) have been duly
authorized by the Company's Board of Directors and no further consent or
authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, or its stockholders is
required, (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the
Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative is
the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement and
the other documents executed in connection herewith and bind the Company
accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and
delivery by the Company of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Notes and the
Warrants, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its
terms.

               c. Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the authorized capital
stock of the Company consists of (i) 300,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of
which 31,932,795 shares are issued and outstanding, no shares are reserved for
issuance pursuant to the Company's stock option plans, 61,142,858 shares are
reserved for issuance pursuant to securities (other than the Notes and the
Warrants) exercisable for, or convertible into or exchangeable for shares of
Common Stock and 938,933,334 shares are reserved for issuance upon conversion of
the Notes and the Additional Notes (as defined in Section 4(l)) and exercise of
the Warrants and the Additional Warrants (as defined in Section 4(l)) (subject
to (i) the Stockholder Approval (as defined in Section 4(m) below) and (ii)
adjustment pursuant to the Company's covenant set forth in Section 4(h) below);
and (ii) 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which no shares are issued and
outstanding. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon
issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or
any other similar rights of the stockholders of the Company or any liens or
encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company.
Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(c), as of the effective date of this
Agreement, (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to
subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings,
claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to,
or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of
capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue
additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
(ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their
securities under the 1933 Act (except the Registration Rights Agreement) and
(iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any
security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing rights to security
holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of the Notes, the Warrants, the
Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares. The Company has furnished to the Buyer true
and correct copies of the Company's Articles of Incorporation as in effect on
the date hereof ("Articles of Incorporation"), the Company's By-laws, as in
effect on the date hereof (the "By-laws"), and the terms of all securities
convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material
rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. The Company shall provide the
Buyer with a written update of this representation signed by the Company's Chief
Executive or Chief Financial Officer on behalf of the Company as of the Closing
Date.

                                       5
<PAGE>
               d. Issuance of Shares. Subject to the Stockholder Approval (as
defined in Section 4(m)), the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares are duly
authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Notes and
exercise of the Warrants in accordance with their respective terms, will be
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens,
claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be
subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of stockholders of the
Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.

               e. Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company understands and
acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect to the Common Stock upon the
issuance of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares upon conversion of the Note
or exercise of the Warrants. The Company further acknowledges that its
obligation to issue Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares upon conversion of the
Notes or exercise of the Warrants in accordance with this Agreement, the Notes
and the Warrants is absolute and unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect
that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other stockholders of
the Company.

               f. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Notes and the Warrants by the
Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation
for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares) will not (i) conflict
with or result in a violation of any provision of the Articles of Incorporation
or By-laws or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any
provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of
time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement,
indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities
laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to
which the Company or its securities are subject) applicable to the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults,
terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of its Articles of
Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with
notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken
any action or failed to take any action that would give to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement,
indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a
party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The businesses
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall
not be conducted so long as a Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of
any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as
specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act
and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain
any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with,
any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self regulatory organization
or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or
perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, the Registration Rights
Agreement, the Notes or the Warrants in accordance with the terms hereof or
thereof or to issue and sell the Notes and Warrants in accordance with the terms
hereof and to issue the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Notes and the
Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrants. Except as disclosed in Schedule
3(f), all consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the
Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been
obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in
violation of the listing requirements of the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board
(the "OTCBB") and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be
delisted by the OTCBB in the foreseeable future. The Company and its
Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to
any of the foregoing.

                                       6
<PAGE>
               g. SEC Documents; Financial Statements. Except as disclosed in
Schedule 3(g), the Company has timely filed all reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant
to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the "1934 Act") (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all
exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and
documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference
therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the "SEC Documents"). The
Company has delivered to each Buyer true and complete copies of the SEC
Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the
requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC
promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC
Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the
statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be
amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been
amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their
respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC
Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with
respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied,
during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such
financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii) in the case of unaudited
interim statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be
condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the
consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries
as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and
cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the
financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the Company
has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred
in the ordinary course of business subsequent to December 31, 2003 and (ii)
obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of
business and not required under generally accepted accounting principles to be
reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate,
are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company.

                                       7
<PAGE>
               h. Absence of Certain Changes. Since December 31, 2003, there has
been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the
assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition,
results of operations or prospects of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

               i. Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim,
proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board,
government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or
affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors
in their capacity as such, that could have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule
3(i) contains a complete list and summary description of any pending or
threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which
might give rise to any of the foregoing.

               j. Patents, Copyrights, etc.

                    (i) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or
possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent
applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and copyrights
("Intellectual Property") necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now
operated (and, except as set forth in Schedule 3(j) hereof, to the best of the
Company's knowledge, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future);
there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending,
or to the Company's knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the
Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary
to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, except as set forth
in Schedule 3(j) hereof, to the best of the Company's knowledge, as presently
contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the Company's
knowledge, the Company's or its Subsidiaries' current and intended products,
services and processes do not infringe on any Intellectual Property or other
rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or
circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and
each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the
secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property.

                                       8
<PAGE>
                    (ii) All of the Company's computer software and computer
hardware, and other similar or related items of automated, computerized or
software systems that are used or relied on by the Company in the conduct of its
business or that were, or currently are being, sold or licensed by the Company
to customers (collectively, "Information Technology"), are Year 2000 Compliant.
For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Year 2000 Compliant" means, with
respect to the Company's Information Technology, that the Information Technology
is designed to be used prior to, during and after the calendar Year 2000, and
the Information Technology used during each such time period will accurately
receive, provide and process date and time data (including, but not limited to,
calculating, comparing and sequencing) from, into and between the 20th and 21st
centuries, including the years 1999 and 2000, and leap-year calculations, and
will not malfunction, cease to function, or provide invalid or incorrect results
as a result of the date or time data, to the extent that other information
technology, used in combination with the Information Technology, properly
exchanges date and time data with it. The Company has delivered to the Buyers
true and correct copies of all analyses, reports, studies and similar written
information, whether prepared by the Company or another party, relating to
whether the Information Technology is Year 2000 Compliant, if any.

               k. No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal
restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the
judgment of the Company's officers has or is expected in the future to have a
Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a
party to any contract or agreement which in the judgment of the Company's
officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

               l. Tax Status. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(l), the Company
and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign
income and all other tax returns, reports and declarations required by any
jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the
Company and each of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions
reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has
paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material
in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and
declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on
its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for
periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations
apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the
taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no
basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to
the statute of limitations relating to the assessment or collection of any
foreign, federal, state or local tax. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(l), none
of the Company's tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing authority.

                                       9
<PAGE>
               m. Certain Transactions. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(m) and
except for arm's length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries makes payments in the ordinary course of business upon terms no
less favorable than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain from
third parties and other than the grant of stock options disclosed on Schedule
3(c), none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company is presently
a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other
than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or
by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise
requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in
which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or
is an officer, director, trustee or partner.

               n. Disclosure. All information relating to or concerning the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to
the Buyers pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material respects
and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to
make the statements made herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or
exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their
business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which,
under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or
announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or
disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company's reports filed under the
1934 Act are being incorporated into an effective registration statement filed
by the Company under the 1933 Act).

               o. Acknowledgment Regarding Buyers' Purchase of Securities. The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyers are acting solely in the
capacity of arm's length purchasers with respect to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Buyer
is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar
capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby and any statement made by any Buyer or any of their respective
representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental
to the Buyers' purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to
each Buyer that the Company's decision to enter into this Agreement has been
based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its
representatives.

               p. No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its
affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or
indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to
buy any security under circumstances that would require registration under the
1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyers. The issuance of the
Securities to the Buyers will not be integrated with any other issuance of the
Company's securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder
approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities.

                                       10
<PAGE>
               q. No Brokers. The Company has taken no action which would give
rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or
similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby.

               r. Permits; Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries
is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits,
easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders
necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business
as it is now being conducted (collectively, the "Company Permits"), and there is
no action pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding
suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of,
any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts, defaults or
violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2003, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect
to possible conflicts, defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for
notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts,
defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

               s. Environmental Matters.

                    (i) Except as set forth in Schedule 3(s), there are, to the
Company's knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
any predecessor of the Company, no past or present violations of Environmental
Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions,
activities, circumstances, conditions, events, incidents, or contractual
obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any
liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws and
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with
respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending or, to the Company's
knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term
"Environmental Laws" means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to
pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without
limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges,
releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic
or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, "Hazardous Materials") into the
environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution,
use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials,
as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters,
injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits,
plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

                    (ii) Other than those that are or were stored, used or
disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are
contained on or about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released on
or about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property was owned, leased or used
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the
Company's or any of its Subsidiaries' business.

                    (iii) Except as set forth in Schedule 3(s), there are no
underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are not in compliance with
applicable law.

                                       11
<PAGE>
               t. Title to Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good
and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable
title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens,
encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(t) or such
as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities
held under lease by the Company and its Subsidiaries are held by them under
valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have
a Material Adverse Effect.

               u. Insurance. Except as set forth in Schedule 3(u), the Company
and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial
responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management
of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which
the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such
Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its
existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its
business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company
has provided to Buyer true and correct copies of all policies relating to
directors' and officers' liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and
commercial general liability coverage.

               v. Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in
the judgment of the Company's board of directors, to provide reasonable
assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management's
general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii)
access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management's general or
specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is
compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action
is taken with respect to any differences.

               w. Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its
Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting
on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions
for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds for any unlawful
contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to
political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign
or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is
in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977,
as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or
other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or
employee.

                                       12
<PAGE>
               x. Solvency. The Company (after giving effect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent (i.e., its assets have a fair market
value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its
existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and currently the Company
has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company
would not, after giving effect to the transaction contemplated by this
Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would
impair its ability to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection
therewith as such debts mature. The Company did not receive a qualified opinion
from its auditors with respect to its most recent fiscal year end and, after
giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, does not
anticipate or know of any basis upon which its auditors might issue a qualified
opinion in respect of its current fiscal year.

               y. No Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the
issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not
be an "investment company" required to be registered under the Investment
Company Act of 1940 (an "Investment Company"). The Company is not controlled by
an Investment Company.

               z. Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company. If
the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties set forth in this
Section 3, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyers
pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall pay to the Buyer the Standard
Liquidated Damages Amount in cash or in shares of Common Stock at the option of
the Company, until such breach is cured. If the Company elects to pay the
Standard Liquidated Damages Amounts in shares of Common Stock, such shares shall
be issued at the Conversion Price at the time of payment.

          4. COVENANTS.

               a. Best Efforts. The parties shall use their best efforts to
satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this
Agreement.

               b. Form D; Blue Sky Laws. The Company agrees to file a Form D
with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a
copy thereof to each Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or
before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyers at the
applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or
"blue sky" laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption
from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken
to each Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date.

               c. Reporting Status; Eligibility to Use Form S-3, SB-2 or Form
S-1. The Company's Common Stock is registered under Section 12(g) of the 1934
Act. The Company represents and warrants that it meets the requirements for the
use of Form S-3 (or if the Company is not eligible for the use of Form S-3 as of
the Filing Date (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), the Company
may use the form of registration for which it is eligible at that time) for
registration of the sale by the Buyer of the Registrable Securities (as defined
in the Registration Rights Agreement). So long as the Buyer beneficially owns
any of the Securities, the Company shall timely file all reports required to be
filed with the SEC pursuant to the 1934 Act, and the Company shall not terminate
its status as an issuer required to file reports under the 1934 Act even if the
1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder would permit such termination.
The Company further agrees to file all reports required to be filed by the
Company with the SEC in a timely manner so as to become eligible, and thereafter
to maintain its eligibility, for the use of Form S-3. The Company shall issue a
press release describing the materials terms of the transaction contemplated
hereby as soon as practicable following the Closing Date but in no event more
than two (2) business days of the Closing Date, which press release shall be
subject to prior review by the Buyers. The Company agrees that such press
release shall not disclose the name of the Buyers unless expressly consented to
in writing by the Buyers or unless required by applicable law or regulation, and
then only to the extent of such requirement.

                                       13
<PAGE>
               d. Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds from the
sale of the Notes and the Warrants in the manner set forth in Schedule 4(d)
attached hereto and made a part hereof and shall not, directly or indirectly,
use such proceeds for any loan to or investment in any other corporation,
partnership, enterprise or other person (except in connection with its currently
existing direct or indirect Subsidiaries)

               e. Future Offerings. Subject to the exceptions described below,
the Company will not, without the prior written consent of a
majority-in-interest of the Buyers, not to be unreasonably withheld, negotiate
or contract with any party to obtain additional equity financing (including debt
financing with an equity component) that involves (A) the issuance of Common
Stock at a discount to the market price of the Common Stock on the date of
issuance (taking into account the value of any warrants or options to acquire
Common Stock issued in connection therewith) or (B) the issuance of convertible
securities that are convertible into an indeterminate number of shares of Common
Stock or (C) the issuance of warrants during the period (the "Lock-up Period")
beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the later of (i) two hundred seventy
(270) days from the Closing Date and (ii) one hundred eighty (180) days from the
date the Registration Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights
Agreement) is declared effective (plus any days in which sales cannot be made
thereunder). In addition, subject to the exceptions described below, the Company
will not conduct any equity financing (including debt with an equity component)
("Future Offerings") during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending
two (2) years after the end of the Lock-up Period unless it shall have first
delivered to each Buyer, at least twenty (20) business days prior to the closing
of such Future Offering, written notice describing the proposed Future Offering,
including the terms and conditions thereof and proposed definitive documentation
to be entered into in connection therewith, and providing each Buyer an option
during the fifteen (15) day period following delivery of such notice to purchase
its pro rata share (based on the ratio that the aggregate principal amount of
Notes purchased by it hereunder bears to the aggregate principal amount of Notes
purchased hereunder) of the securities being offered in the Future Offering on
the same terms as contemplated by such Future Offering (the limitations referred
to in this sentence and the preceding sentence are collectively referred to as
the "Capital Raising Limitations"). In the event the terms and conditions of a
proposed Future Offering are amended in any respect after delivery of the notice
to the Buyers concerning the proposed Future Offering, the Company shall deliver
a new notice to each Buyer describing the amended terms and conditions of the
proposed Future Offering and each Buyer thereafter shall have an option during
the fifteen (15) day period following delivery of such new notice to purchase
its pro rata share of the securities being offered on the same terms as
contemplated by such proposed Future Offering, as amended. The foregoing
sentence shall apply to successive amendments to the terms and conditions of any
proposed Future Offering. The Capital Raising Limitations shall not apply to any
transaction involving (i) issuances of securities in a firm commitment
underwritten public offering (excluding a continuous offering pursuant to Rule
415 under the 1933 Act) or (ii) issuances of securities as consideration for a
merger, consolidation or purchase of assets, or in connection with any strategic
partnership or joint venture (the primary purpose of which is not to raise
equity capital), or in connection with the disposition or acquisition of a
business, product or license by the Company. The Capital Raising Limitations
also shall not apply to the issuance of securities upon exercise or conversion
of the Company's options, warrants or other convertible securities outstanding
as of the date hereof or to the grant of additional options or warrants, or the
issuance of additional securities, under any Company stock option or restricted
stock plan approved by the shareholders of the Company.

                                       14
<PAGE>
               f. Expenses. At the Closing, the Company shall reimburse Buyers
for expenses incurred by them in connection with the negotiation, preparation,
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other agreements
to be executed in connection herewith ("Documents"), including, without
limitation, attorneys' and consultants' fees and expenses, transfer agent fees,
fees for stock quotation services, fees relating to any amendments or
modifications of the Documents or any consents or waivers of provisions in the
Documents, fees for the preparation of opinions of counsel, escrow fees, and
costs of restructuring the transactions contemplated by the Documents. When
possible, the Company must pay these fees directly, otherwise the Company must
make immediate payment for reimbursement to the Buyers for all fees and expenses
immediately upon written notice by the Buyer or the submission of an invoice by
the Buyer If the Company fails to reimburse the Buyer in full within three (3)
business days of the written notice or submission of invoice by the Buyer, the
Company shall pay interest on the total amount of fees to be reimbursed at a
rate of 15% per annum.

               g. Financial Information. The Company agrees to send the
following reports to each Buyer until such Buyer transfers, assigns, or sells
all of the Securities: (i) within ten (10) days after the filing with the SEC, a
copy of its Annual Report on Form 10-KSB its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-QSB
and any Current Reports on Form 8-K; (ii) within one (1) day after release,
copies of all press releases issued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
and (iii) contemporaneously with the making available or giving to the
stockholders of the Company, copies of any notices or other information the
Company makes available or gives to such stockholders.

               h. Authorization and Reservation of Shares. Subject to the
Stockholder Approval (as defined in Section 4(m) below), the Company shall at
all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of issuance, a
sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to provide for the full conversion
or exercise of the outstanding Notes and Warrants and issuance of the Conversion
Shares and Warrant Shares in connection therewith (based on the Conversion Price
of the Notes or Exercise Price (as defined in the Warrants) of the Warrants in
effect from time to time) and as otherwise required by the Notes. The Company
shall not reduce the number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance upon
conversion of Notes and exercise of the Warrants without the consent of each
Buyer. The Company shall at all times maintain the number of shares of Common
Stock so reserved for issuance at an amount ("Reserved Amount") equal to no less
than two (2) times the number that is then actually issuable upon full
conversion of the Notes and Additional Notes and upon exercise of the Warrants
and the Additional Warrants (based on the Conversion Price of the Notes or the
Exercise Price of the Warrants in effect from time to time). If at any time the
number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved for issuance
("Authorized and Reserved Shares") is below the Reserved Amount, the Company
will promptly take all corporate action necessary to authorize and reserve a
sufficient number of shares, including, without limitation, calling a special
meeting of stockholders to authorize additional shares to meet the Company's
obligations under this Section 4(h), in the case of an insufficient number of
authorized shares, obtain stockholder approval of an increase in such authorized
number of shares, and voting the management shares of the Company in favor of an
increase in the authorized shares of the Company to ensure that the number of
authorized shares is sufficient to meet the Reserved Amount. If the Company
fails to obtain such stockholder approval within thirty (30) days following the
date on which the number of Reserved Amount exceeds the Authorized and Reserved
Shares, the Company shall pay to the Borrower the Standard Liquidated Damages
Amount, in cash or in shares of Common Stock at the option of the Buyer. If the
Buyer elects to be paid the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount in shares of
Common Stock, such shares shall be issued at the Conversion Price at the time of
payment. In order to ensure that the Company has authorized a sufficient amount
of shares to meet the Reserved Amount at all times, the Company must deliver to
the Buyer at the end of every month a list detailing (1) the current amount of
shares authorized by the Company and reserved for the Buyer; and (2) amount of
shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes and upon exercise of the Warrants
and as payment of interest accrued on the Notes for one year. If the Company
fails to provide such list within five (5) business days of the end of each
month, the Company shall pay the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount, in cash or
in shares of Common Stock at the option of the Buyer, until the list is
delivered. If the Buyer elects to be paid the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount
in shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be issued at the Conversion Price
at the time of payment.

                                       15
<PAGE>
               i. Listing. The Company shall promptly secure the listing of the
Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares upon each national securities exchange or
automated quotation system, if any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then
listed (subject to official notice of issuance) and, so long as any Buyer owns
any of the Securities, shall maintain, so long as any other shares of Common
Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all Conversion Shares and Warrant
Shares from time to time issuable upon conversion of the Notes or exercise of
the Warrants. The Company will obtain and, so long as any Buyer owns any of the
Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the OTCBB or
any equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq National Market ("Nasdaq"), the
Nasdaq SmallCap Market ("Nasdaq SmallCap"), the New York Stock Exchange
("NYSE"), or the American Stock Exchange ("AMEX") and will comply in all
respects with the Company's reporting, filing and other obligations under the
bylaws or rules of the National Association of Securities Dealers ("NASD") and
such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly provide to each Buyer
copies of any notices it receives from the OTCBB and any other exchanges or
quotation systems on which the Common Stock is then listed regarding the
continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and
quotation systems.

               j. Corporate Existence. So long as a Buyer beneficially owns any
Notes or Warrants, the Company shall maintain its corporate existence and shall
not sell all or substantially all of the Company's assets, except in the event
of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the
Company's assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction
(i) assumes the Company's obligations hereunder and under the agreements and
instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded
corporation whose Common Stock is listed for trading on the OTCBB, Nasdaq,
Nasdaq SmallCap, NYSE or AMEX.

               k. No Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales
of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would
require registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the
1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with any other
offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder
approval provision applicable to the Company or its securities.

               l. Subsequent Investment. The Company and the Buyers agree that,
upon the filing by the Company of the Registration Statement to be filed
pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement (the "Filing Date"), the Buyers
shall purchase additional Notes (the "Filing Notes") in the aggregate principal
amount of Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars ($700,000) and additional warrants (the
"Filing Warrants") to purchase an aggregate of 700,000 shares of Common Stock,
for an aggregate purchase price of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($700,000),
with the closing of such purchase to occur within five (5) days of the Filing
Date; provided, however, that the obligation of each Buyer to purchase the
Filing Notes and the Filing Warrants is subject to the satisfaction, at or
before the closing of such purchase and sale, of the conditions set forth in
Section 7. The Company and the Buyers further agree that, upon the declaration
of effectiveness of the Registration Statement to be filed pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement (the "Effective Date"), the Buyers shall purchase
additional notes (the "Effectiveness Notes" and, collectively with the Filing
Notes, the "Additional Notes") in the aggregate principal amount of Seven
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($700,000) and additional warrants (the "Effectiveness
Warrants" and, collectively with the Filing Warrants, the "Additional Warrants")
to purchase an aggregate of 700,000 shares of Common Stock, for an aggregate
purchase price of Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars ($700,000), with the closing of
such purchase to occur within five (5) days of the Effective Date; provided,
however, that the obligation of each Buyer to purchase the Additional Notes and
the Additional Warrants is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the closing
of such purchase and sale, of the conditions set forth in Section 7; and,
provided, further, that there shall not have been a Material Adverse Effect as
of such effective date. The terms of the Additional Notes and the Additional
Warrants shall be identical to the terms of the Notes and Warrants, as the case
may be, to be issued on the Closing Date. The Common Stock underlying the
Additional Notes and the Additional Warrants shall be Registrable Securities (as
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) and shall be included in the
Registration Statement to be filed pursuant to the Registration Rights
Agreement.

                                       16
<PAGE>
               m. Stockholder Approval. The Company shall file a proxy statement
or information statement with the SEC no later than January 14, 2005 and use its
best efforts to obtain, on or before February 28, 2005 such approvals of the
Company's stockholders as may be required to issue all of the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of, or otherwise with respect to, the
Notes and the Warrants in accordance with Oregon law and any applicable rules or
regulations of the OTCBB and Nasdaq, either through a reverse stock split of the
Common Stock or an increase in authorized capital (the "Stockholder Approval").
The Company shall furnish to each Buyer and its legal counsel promptly (but in
no event less than two (2) business days) before the same is filed with the SEC,
one copy of the proxy statement or information statement and any amendment
thereto, and shall deliver to each Buyer promptly each letter written by or on
behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the SEC, and each item of
correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, in each case relating to
such proxy statement or information statement (other than any portion thereof
which contains information for which the Company has sought confidential
treatment). The Company will promptly (but in no event more than three (3)
business days) respond to any and all comments received from the SEC (which
comments shall promptly be made available to each Buyer). The Company shall
comply with the filing and disclosure requirements of Section 14 under the 1934
Act in connection with the Stockholder Approval. The Company represents and
warrants that its Board of Directors has approved the proposal contemplated by
this Section 4(o) and shall indicate such approval in the proxy statement or
information statement used in connection with the Stockholder Approval.

               n. Key Man Insurance. The Company shall use its best efforts to
obtain, on or before five (5) business days from the date hereof, key man life
insurance on all of the Company's officers and division heads.

               o. Breach of Covenants. If the Company breaches any of the
covenants set forth in this Section 4, and in addition to any other remedies
available to the Buyers pursuant to this Agreement, the Company shall pay to the
Buyers the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount, in cash or in shares of Common
Stock at the option of the Company, until such breach is cured. If the Company
elects to pay the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount in shares, such shares
shall be issued at the Conversion Price at the time of payment.

          5. TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS. The Company shall issue irrevocable
instructions to its transfer agent to issue certificates, registered in the name
of each Buyer or its nominee, for the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares in
such amounts as specified from time to time by each Buyer to the Company upon
conversion of the Notes or exercise of the Warrants in accordance with the terms
thereof (the "Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions"). Prior to registration
of the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on
which the Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144
without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date
that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates shall bear the
restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The Company
warrants that no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent
Instructions referred to in this Section 5, and stop transfer instructions to
give effect to Section 2(f) hereof (in the case of the Conversion Shares and
Warrant Shares, prior to registration of the Conversion Shares and Warrant
Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares and Warrant
Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number
of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold), will
be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall
otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and
to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.
Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer's obligations and
agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable
prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If a
Buyer provides the Company with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and
scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a
public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration
under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer
provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to Rule
144, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Conversion
Shares and Warrant Shares, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or
more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such
denominations as specified by such Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach
by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyers, by
vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its
obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a
breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section,
that the Buyers shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies,
to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer,
without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other
security being required.

                                       17
<PAGE>
          6. CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANY'S OBLIGATION TO SELL. The obligation of
the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Notes and Warrants to a Buyer at the
Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of
the following conditions thereto, provided that these conditions are for the
Company's sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole
discretion:

               a. The applicable Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and
the Registration Rights Agreement, and delivered the same to the Company.

               b. The applicable Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price
in accordance with Section 1(b) above.

               c. The representations and warranties of the applicable Buyer
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and
as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations
and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the applicable Buyer shall
have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the
covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed,
satisfied or complied with by the applicable Buyer at or prior to the Closing
Date.

               d. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order,
decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction
or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters
contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

          7. CONDITIONS TO EACH BUYER'S OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE. The obligation
of each Buyer hereunder to purchase the Notes and Warrants at the Closing is
subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the
following conditions, provided that these conditions are for such Buyer's sole
benefit and may be waived by such Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:

               a. The Company shall have executed this Agreement and the
Registration Rights Agreement, and delivered the same to the Buyer.

               b. The Company shall have delivered to such Buyer duly executed
Notes (in such denominations as the Buyer shall request) and Warrants in
accordance with Section 1(b) above.

               c. The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and
substance satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the Buyers, shall have been
delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Company's Transfer Agent.

               d. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be
true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the
Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and
warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have
performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants,
agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied
or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. The Buyer shall
have received a certificate or certificates, executed by the chief executive
officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing effect
and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by such Buyer
including, but not limited to certificates with respect to the Company's
Articles of Incorporation, By-laws and Board of Directors' resolutions relating
to the transactions contemplated hereby.

                                       18
<PAGE>
               e. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order,
decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction
or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters
contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

               f. No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

               g. The Conversion Shares and Warrant Shares shall have been
authorized for quotation on the OTCBB and trading in the Common Stock on the
OTCBB shall not have been suspended by the SEC or the OTCBB.

               h. The Buyer shall have received an opinion of the Company's
counsel, dated as of the Closing Date, in form, scope and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Buyer and in substantially the same form as Exhibit "D"
attached hereto.

               i. The Buyer shall have received an officer's certificate
described in Section 3(c) above, dated as of the Closing Date.

                                       19
<PAGE>
       8.   GOVERNING LAW; MISCELLANEOUS.

               a. Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE ENFORCED, GOVERNED BY
AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO
AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD
TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK,
NEW YORK WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, THE
AGREEMENTS ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY OR THEREBY. BOTH PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT
FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING. BOTH PARTIES FURTHER AGREE
THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON A PARTY MAILED BY FIRST CLASS MAIL SHALL BE DEEMED
IN EVERY RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THE PARTY IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR
PROCEEDING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT EITHER PARTY'S RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN
ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. BOTH PARTIES AGREE THAT A FINAL
NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND
MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON SUCH JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER
LAWFUL MANNER. THE PARTY WHICH DOES NOT PREVAIL IN ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL FEES AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING
ATTORNEYS' FEES, INCURRED BY THE PREVAILING PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH
DISPUTE.

               b. Counterparts; Signatures by Facsimile. This Agreement may be
executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the
other party. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the
other party hereto by facsimile transmission of a copy of this Agreement bearing
the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

               c. Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience
of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of,
this Agreement.

               d. Severability. In the event that any provision of this
Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of
law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may
conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or
rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under
any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision
hereof.

               e. Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the
instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as
specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer
makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such
matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by
an instrument in writing signed by the party to be charged with enforcement.

                                       20
<PAGE>
               f. Notices. Any notices required or permitted to be given under
the terms of this Agreement shall be sent by certified or registered mail
(return receipt requested) or delivered personally or by courier (including a
recognized overnight delivery service) or by facsimile and shall be effective
five (5) days after being placed in the mail, if mailed by regular United States
mail, or upon receipt, if delivered personally or by courier (including a
recognized overnight delivery service) or by facsimile, in each case addressed
to a party. The addresses for such communications shall be:

                           If to the Company:

                                    Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc.
                                    12268 Via Latina
                                    Del Mar, California  92914
                                    Attention: Edward Litwak, President
                                    Telephone:  858-481-2207
                                    Facsimile:   858-481-2207


                           With a copy to:

                                    Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP
                                    1065 Avenue of the Americas
                                    New York, New York  10018
                                    Attention:  Gregory Sichenzia, Esq.
                                    Telephone:  212-930-9700
                                    Facsimile:   212-930-9725


          If to a Buyer: To the address set forth immediately below such Buyer's
name on the signature pages hereto.

                           With copy to:

                                    Ballard Spahr Andrews & Ingersoll, LLP
                                    1735 Market Street
                                    51st Floor
                                    Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  19103
                                    Attention:  Gerald J. Guarcini, Esq.
                                    Telephone:  215-864-8625
                                    Facsimile:  215-864-8999
                                    Email:  guarcini@ballardspahr.com

          Each party shall provide notice to the other party of any change in
address.

                                       21
<PAGE>

               g. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns.
Neither the Company nor any Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Section 2(f), any Buyer may assign its
rights hereunder to any person that purchases Securities in a private
transaction from a Buyer or to any of its "affiliates," as that term is defined
under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company.

               h. Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and
assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced
by, any other person.

               i. Survival. The representations and warranties of the Company
and the agreements and covenants set forth in Sections 3, 4, 5 and 8 shall
survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation
conducted by or on behalf of the Buyers. The Company agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless each of the Buyers and all their officers, directors, employees
and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or
alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and
covenants set forth in Sections 3 and 4 hereof or any of its covenants and
obligations under this Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement, including
advancement of expenses as they are incurred.

               j. Publicity. The Company and each of the Buyers shall have the
right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press
releases, SEC, OTCBB or NASD filings, or any other public statements with
respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that the
Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of each of the Buyers, to
make any press release or SEC, OTCBB (or other applicable trading market) or
NASD filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law
and regulations (although each of the Buyers shall be consulted by the Company
in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be
provided with a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon).

               k. Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause
to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute
and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents,
as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and
accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.

               l. No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement
will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual
intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

               m. Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its
obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyers by vitiating the
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the
Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or
threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that the
Buyers shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or
in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the
necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being
required.


                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                       22
<PAGE>
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyers and the Company have
caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.



PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.


/s/ EDWARD LITWAK
- -----------------
Edward Litwak
President


AJW PARTNERS, LLC
By:  SMS Group, LLC


/s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
- ---------------------
Corey S. Ribotsky
Manager


RESIDENCE:  Delaware

ADDRESS: 1044 Northern Boulevard
         Suite 302
         Roslyn, New York  11576
         Facsimile:  (516) 739-7115
         Telephone:  (516) 739-7110

AGGREGATE SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT:

         Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes:                    $210,000
         Number of Warrants:                                      210,000
         Aggregate Purchase Price:                               $210,000


                                       23
<PAGE>

AJW OFFSHORE, LTD.
By:  First Street Manager II, LLC


/s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
- ---------------------
Corey S. Ribotsky
Manager


RESIDENCE:   Cayman Islands

ADDRESS: AJW Offshore, Ltd.
         P.O. Box 32021 SMB
         Grand Cayman, Cayman Island, B.W.I.

AGGREGATE SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT:

         Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes:                     $630,000
         Number of Warrants:                                       630,000
         Aggregate Purchase Price:                                $630,000

                                       24
<PAGE>
AJW QUALIFIED PARTNERS, LLC
By:  AJW Manager, LLC


/s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
- ---------------------
Corey S. Ribotsky
Manager



RESIDENCE:            New York

ADDRESS: 1044 Northern Boulevard
         Suite 302
         Roslyn, New York  11576
         Facsimile: (516) 739-7115
         Telephone: (516) 739-7110


AGGREGATE SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT:

         Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes:                    $532,000
         Number of Warrants:                                      532,000
         Aggregate Purchase Price:                               $532,000


                                       25
<PAGE>
NEW MILLENNIUM CAPITAL PARTNERS II, LLC
By:  First Street Manager II, LLP


/s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
- ---------------------
Corey S. Ribotsky
Manager



RESIDENCE:            New York

ADDRESS: 1044 Northern Boulevard
         Suite 302
         Roslyn, New York  11576
         Facsimile: (516) 739-7115
         Telephone: (516) 739-7110


AGGREGATE SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT:

         Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes:                    $28,000
         Number of Warrants:                                      28,000
         Aggregate Purchase Price:                               $28,000

                                       26






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dec2320048kex42.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.2





            THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
            REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
            "ACT").  THE  SECURITIES  MAY NOT BE  SOLD,  TRANSFERRED  OR
            ASSIGNED  IN  THE  ABSENCE  OF  AN  EFFECTIVE   REGISTRATION
            STATEMENT FOR THE  SECURITIES  UNDER SAID ACT, OR AN OPINION
            OF  COUNSEL  IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE  AND  SCOPE  CUSTOMARY  FOR
            OPINIONS  OF  COUNSEL  IN   COMPARABLE   TRANSACTIONS   THAT
            REGISTRATION  IS NOT REQUIRED  UNDER SAID ACT OR UNLESS SOLD
            PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT.


                        CALLABLE SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE

Del Mar, California
December 17, 2004                                                       $630,000

          FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS,  INC., a Nevada
corporation  (hereinafter called the "Borrower"),  hereby promises to pay to the
order of AJW OFFSHORE,  LTD. or registered assigns (the "Holder") the sum of Six
Hundred Thirty Thousand Dollars ($630,000),  on December 17, 2007 (the "Maturity
Date"),  and to pay interest on the unpaid principal  balance hereof at the rate
of ten percent  (10%) per annum from  December 17, 2004 (the "Issue Date") until
the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by
prepayment or otherwise.  Any amount of principal or interest on this Note which
is not paid when due shall bear  interest at the rate of fifteen  percent  (15%)
per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid ("Default Interest").
Interest  shall  commence  accruing on the issue date,  shall be computed on the
basis of a  365-day  year and the  actual  number of days  elapsed  and shall be
payable,  quarterly  on March 31, June 30,  September 30 and December 31 of each
year  beginning on December 31, 2004.  All payments due hereunder (to the extent
not converted into common stock, $.001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the
"Common  Stock") in  accordance  with the terms  hereof) shall be made in lawful
money of the  United  States  of  America.  All  payments  shall be made at such
address as the Holder shall  hereafter  give to the  Borrower by written  notice
made in  accordance  with the  provisions  of this  Note.  Whenever  any  amount
expressed  to be due by the  terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a
business day, the same shall instead be due on the next  succeeding day which is
a business  day and, in the case of any  interest  payment date which is not the
date on which this Note is paid in full,  the  extension of the due date thereof
shall not be taken  into  account  for  purposes  of  determining  the amount of
interest due on such date. As used in this Note,  the term  "business day" shall
mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in
the city of New York,  New York are  authorized  or required by law or executive
order to remain closed.  Each  capitalized  term used herein,  and not otherwise
defined,  shall have the meaning  ascribed  thereto in that  certain  Securities
Purchase  Agreement,  dated  December 17, 2004,  pursuant to which this Note was
originally issued (the "Purchase Agreement").


<PAGE>

          This Note is free from all taxes,  liens, claims and encumbrances with
respect to the issue  thereof and shall not be subject to  preemptive  rights or
other  similar  rights  of  stockholders  of the  Borrower  and will not  impose
personal  liability  upon the holder  thereof.  The  obligations of the Borrower
under this Note shall be secured by that  certain  Security  Agreement  and that
certain Intellectual Property Security Agreement by and between the Borrower and
the Holder, each dated December 17, 2004.

          The following terms shall apply to this Note:

                          Article I. CONVERSION RIGHTS

          1.1  Conversion  Right.  The Holder  shall have the right from time to
time,  and at any time on or prior to the earlier of (i) the  Maturity  Date and
(ii) the date of  payment of the  Default  Amount  (as  defined in Article  III)
pursuant to Section  1.6(a) or Article III, the Optional  Prepayment  Amount (as
defined in Section 5.1 or any payments  pursuant to Section 1.7, each in respect
of the remaining outstanding principal amount of this Note to convert all or any
part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this Note into fully paid
and  non-assessable  shares of Common Stock,  as such Common Stock exists on the
Issue Date, or any shares of capital  stock or other  securities of the Borrower
into which such Common Stock shall  hereafter be changed or  reclassified at the
conversion  price (the  "Conversion  Price")  determined  as provided  herein (a
"Conversion");  provided, however, that in no event shall the Holder be entitled
to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that  portion of this Note upon
conversion  of  which  the sum of (1) the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock
beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common
Stock  which may be deemed  beneficially  owned  through  the  ownership  of the
unconverted  portion of the Notes or the  unexercised or unconverted  portion of
any other security of the Borrower (including,  without limitation, the warrants
issued  by  the  Borrower  pursuant  to the  Purchase  Agreement)  subject  to a
limitation  on  conversion or exercise  analogous to the  limitations  contained
herein)  and (2) the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  issuable  upon  the
conversion  of the portion of this Note with respect to which the  determination
of this  proviso is being made,  would  result in  beneficial  ownership  by the
Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.9% of the outstanding  shares of Common
Stock.  For  purposes  of the  proviso to the  immediately  preceding  sentence,
beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  and Regulations 13D-G thereunder,
except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The number of shares
of  Common  Stock to be  issued  upon  each  conversion  of this  Note  shall be
determined  by  dividing  the  Conversion  Amount  (as  defined  below)  by  the
applicable  Conversion  Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice
of  conversion,  in the form  attached  hereto  as  Exhibit  A (the  "Notice  of
Conversion"), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section
1.4 below;  provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile (or
by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the
Borrower  before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the
"Conversion  Date").  The term  "Conversion  Amount" means,  with respect to any
conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal  amount of this Note to be
converted in such  conversion plus (2) accrued and unpaid  interest,  if any, on
such  principal  amount  at the  interest  rates  provided  in this  Note to the
Conversion Date plus (3) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in
the  immediately  preceding  clauses  (1)  and/or  (2) plus (4) at the  Holder's
option,  any amounts  owed to the Holder  pursuant  to  Sections  1.3 and 1.4(g)
hereof  or  pursuant  to  Section  2(c)  of  that  certain  Registration  Rights
Agreement,  dated as of  December  17,  2004,  executed in  connection  with the
initial  issuance of this Note and the other Notes issued on the Issue Date (the
"Registration Rights Agreement").

                                       2
<PAGE>
          1.2 Conversion Price.

               (a) Calculation of Conversion  Price.  The Conversion Price shall
be the lesser of (i) the Variable  Conversion Price (as defined herein) and (ii)
the Fixed  Conversion  Price (as  defined  herein)  (subject,  in each case,  to
equitable  adjustments for stock splits,  stock dividends or rights offerings by
the Borrower  relating to the  Borrower's  securities  or the  securities of any
subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations,  recapitalization,  reclassifications,
extraordinary distributions and similar events). The "Variable Conversion Price"
shall mean the  Applicable  Percentage  (as defined  herein)  multiplied  by the
Market Price (as defined herein). "Market Price" means the average of the lowest
three (3) Trading  Prices (as  defined  below) for the Common  Stock  during the
twenty  (20)  Trading  Day period  ending one  Trading Day prior to the date the
Conversion  Notice is sent by the  Holder to the  Borrower  via  facsimile  (the
"Conversion Date").  "Trading Price" means, for any security as of any date, the
intraday trading price on the  Over-the-Counter  Bulletin Board (the "OTCBB") as
reported by a reliable  reporting  service mutually  acceptable to and hereafter
designated  by Holders of a majority in  interest of the Notes and the  Borrower
or, if the OTCBB is not the  principal  trading  market for such  security,  the
intraday trading price of such security on the principal  securities exchange or
trading  market  where  such  security  is listed or traded  or, if no  intraday
trading price of such security is available in any of the foregoing manners, the
average of the intraday  trading  prices of any market  makers for such security
that are listed in the "pink sheets" by the National  Quotation Bureau,  Inc. If
the Trading  Price cannot be  calculated  for such  security on such date in the
manner  provided  above,  the Trading  Price  shall be the fair market  value as
mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of
the Notes being  converted  for which the  calculation  of the Trading  Price is
required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. "Trading Day"
shall  mean any day on which the  Common  Stock is traded  for any period on the
OTCBB, or on the principal  securities  exchange or other  securities  market on
which the Common Stock is then being traded.  "Applicable Percentage" shall mean
60.0%. The "Fixed Conversion Price" shall mean $.02.

               (b) Conversion Price During Major Announcements.  Notwithstanding
anything contained in Section 1.2(a) to the contrary,  in the event the Borrower
(i) makes a public announcement that it intends to consolidate or merge with any
other corporation (other than a merger in which the Borrower is the surviving or
continuing  corporation  and its capital stock is unchanged) or sell or transfer
all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or (ii) any person, group
or entity (including the Borrower) publicly announces a tender offer to purchase
50% or more of the Borrower's  Common Stock (or any other takeover  scheme) (the
date of the  announcement  referred  to in  clause  (i) or  (ii) is  hereinafter
referred  to as the  "Announcement  Date"),  then the  Conversion  Price  shall,
effective  upon  the  Announcement  Date and  continuing  through  the  Adjusted
Conversion Price  Termination Date (as defined below),  be equal to the lower of
(x) the  Conversion  Price which  would have been  applicable  for a  Conversion
occurring  on the  Announcement  Date and (y) the  Conversion  Price  that would
otherwise be in effect. From and after the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination
Date,  the  Conversion  Price shall be  determined  as set forth in this Section
1.2(a). For purposes hereof,  "Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date" shall
mean,  with  respect to any  proposed  transaction  or tender offer (or takeover
scheme) for which a public  announcement  as contemplated by this Section 1.2(b)
has been  made,  the date upon  which the  Borrower  (in the case of clause  (i)
above)  or the  person,  group or  entity  (in the case of  clause  (ii)  above)
consummates or publicly announces the termination or abandonment of the proposed
transaction  or tender  offer (or  takeover  scheme)  which  caused this Section
1.2(b) to become operative.

                                       3
<PAGE>

          1.3  Authorized  Shares.  Subject  to the  Stockholder  Approval,  the
Borrower  covenants  that during the period the  conversion  right  exists,  the
Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient
number of shares,  free from preemptive  rights,  to provide for the issuance of
Common  Stock upon the full  conversion  of this Note and the other Notes issued
pursuant to the  Purchase  Agreement.  The  Borrower is required at all times to
have authorized and reserved two (2) times the number of shares that is actually
issuable upon full conversion of the Notes (based on the Conversion Price of the
Notes or the  Exercise  Price of the  Warrants in effect from time to time) (the
"Reserved Amount").  The Reserved Amount shall be increased from time to time in
accordance  with the  Borrower's  obligations  pursuant  to Section  4(h) of the
Purchase Agreement. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will
be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.  In addition,  if the
Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital  structure
which  would  change the  number of shares of Common  Stock into which the Notes
shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at
the  same  time  make  proper  provision  so that  thereafter  there  shall be a
sufficient  number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved,  free from
preemptive  rights,  for conversion of the outstanding  Notes.  The Borrower (i)
acknowledges  that it has  irrevocably  instructed  its transfer  agent to issue
certificates  for the Common Stock  issuable upon  conversion of this Note,  and
(ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall  constitute  full  authority to
its  officers  and  agents  who are  charged  with the duty of  executing  stock
certificates  to  execute  and issue the  necessary  certificates  for shares of
Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

          If, at any time a Holder of this Note submits a Notice of  Conversion,
and the Borrower  does not have  sufficient  authorized  but unissued  shares of
Common  Stock  available  to  effect  such  conversion  in  accordance  with the
provisions of this Article I (a "Conversion  Default"),  subject to Section 4.8,
the  Borrower  shall issue to the Holder all of the shares of Common Stock which
are then available to effect such conversion. The portion of this Note which the
Holder  included in its Conversion  Notice and which exceeds the amount which is
then  convertible  into available  shares of Common Stock (the "Excess  Amount")
shall,  notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary  contained  herein,  not be
convertible  into Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof until (and at
the  Holder's  option at any time  after) the date  additional  shares of Common
Stock are  authorized by the Borrower to permit such  conversion,  at which time
the  Conversion  Price  in  respect  thereof  shall  be the  lesser  of (i)  the
Conversion Price on the Conversion  Default Date (as defined below) and (ii) the
Conversion  Price on the  Conversion  Date  thereafter  elected by the Holder in
respect  thereof.  In addition,  the Borrower  shall pay to the Holder  payments
("Conversion  Default  Payments") for a Conversion  Default in the amount of (x)
the sum of (1) the then  outstanding  principal  amount  of this  Note  plus (2)
accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid  principal amount of this Note through
the Authorization Date (as defined below) plus (3) Default Interest,  if any, on
the  amounts  referred  to in clauses  (1) and/or  (2),  multiplied  by (y) .24,
multiplied by (z) (N/365),  where N = the number of days from the day the holder
submits  a  Notice  of  Conversion  giving  rise to a  Conversion  Default  (the
"Conversion  Default  Date") to the date  (the  "Authorization  Date")  that the
Borrower  authorizes  a  sufficient  number of shares of Common  Stock to effect
conversion of the full outstanding  principal balance of this Note. The Borrower
shall use its best efforts to authorize a sufficient  number of shares of Common
Stock as soon as  practicable  following  the  earlier of (i) such time that the
Holder notifies the Borrower or that the Borrower  otherwise  becomes aware that
there are or likely will be insufficient authorized and unissued shares to allow
full conversion thereof and (ii) a Conversion  Default.  The Borrower shall send
notice to the Holder of the  authorization of additional shares of Common Stock,
the  Authorization  Date and the amount of Holder's accrued  Conversion  Default
Payments.  The accrued Conversion Default Payments for each calendar month shall
be paid in cash or shall be convertible into Common Stock (at such time as there
are sufficient  authorized shares of Common Stock) at the applicable  Conversion
Price, at the Borrower's option, as follows:

                                       4
<PAGE>
               (a) In the event Holder elects to take such payment in cash, cash
payment  shall be made to Holder by the fifth  (5th) day of the month  following
the month in which it has accrued; and

               (b) In the event  Holder  elects to take such  payment  in Common
Stock,  the Holder may convert  such  payment  amount  into Common  Stock at the
Conversion  Price (as in effect at the time of conversion) at any time after the
fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued in accordance
with the terms of this Article I (so long as there is then a  sufficient  number
of authorized shares of Common Stock).

          The Holder's  election shall be made in writing to the Borrower at any
time prior to 6:00 p.m.,  New York, New York time, on the third day of the month
following the month in which  Conversion  Default  payments have accrued.  If no
election is made,  the Holder shall be deemed to have  elected to receive  cash.
Nothing  herein shall limit the Holder's  right to pursue actual damages (to the
extent in excess of the Conversion  Default Payments) for the Borrower's failure
to maintain a sufficient  number of authorized  shares of Common Stock, and each
holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available at law or in equity
(including degree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief).

          1.4 Method of Conversion.

               (a)  Mechanics of  Conversion.  Subject to Section 1.1, this Note
may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time
after the Issue Date,  by (A)  submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion
(by  facsimile or other  reasonable  means of  communication  dispatched  on the
Conversion  Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to
Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of the Borrower.

                                       5
<PAGE>
               (b) Surrender of Note Upon Conversion.  Notwithstanding  anything
to the contrary set forth  herein,  upon  conversion  of this Note in accordance
with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically  surrender
this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note
is so converted.  The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the
principal  amount so converted  and the dates of such  conversions  or shall use
such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as
not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the
event of any  dispute or  discrepancy,  such  records of the  Borrower  shall be
controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Holder
may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first  physically  surrenders  this
Note to the Borrower,  whereupon the Borrower will  forthwith  issue and deliver
upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor,  registered as the Holder
(upon  payment  by the Holder of any  applicable  transfer  taxes) may  request,
representing  in the  aggregate the remaining  unpaid  principal  amount of this
Note. The Holder and any assignee,  by acceptance of this Note,  acknowledge and
agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph,  following conversion
of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted  principal  amount of this
Note  represented  by this Note may be less than the  amount  stated on the face
hereof.

               (c) Payment of Taxes.  The Borrower  shall not be required to pay
any tax which may be payable in respect of any  transfer  involved  in the issue
and  delivery  of shares of Common  Stock or other  securities  or  property  on
conversion  of this Note in a name  other  than that of the Holder (or in street
name),  and the  Borrower  shall not be  required  to issue or deliver  any such
shares or other  securities  or property  unless and until the person or persons
(other than the Holder or the  custodian in whose street name such shares are to
be held for the Holder's  account)  requesting  the issuance  thereof shall have
paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the
satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid.

               (d) Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the
Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile  transmission (or other reasonable means
of  communication)  of a Notice  of  Conversion  meeting  the  requirements  for
conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver
or  cause  to be  issued  and  delivered  to or upon  the  order  of the  Holder
certificates  for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion  within two (2)
business days after such receipt  (and,  solely in the case of conversion of the
entire  unpaid  principal  amount  hereof,  surrender of this Note) (such second
business day being hereinafter referred to as the "Deadline") in accordance with
the terms hereof and the Purchase Agreement (including,  without limitation,  in
accordance with the requirements of Section 2(g) of the Purchase  Agreement that
certificates for shares of Common Stock issued on or after the effective date of
the  Registration  Statement  upon  conversion  of this Note  shall not bear any
restrictive legend).

               (e) Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock.  Upon receipt
by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion,  the Holder shall be deemed to be the
holder  of  record of the  Common  Stock  issuable  upon  such  conversion,  the
outstanding  principal  amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid  interest on
this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion,  and, unless the Borrower
defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the
portion of this Note being so converted  shall  forthwith  terminate  except the
right to receive the Common Stock or other securities,  cash or other assets, as
herein provided, on such conversion.  If the Holder shall have given a Notice of
Conversion as provided  herein,  the Borrower's  obligation to issue and deliver
the  certificates  for  Common  Stock  shall  be  absolute  and   unconditional,
irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any
waiver or consent with  respect to any  provision  thereof,  the recovery of any
judgment  against any person or any action to enforce  the same,  any failure or
delay in the  enforcement of any other  obligation of the Borrower to the holder
of record, or any setoff, counterclaim,  recoupment,  limitation or termination,
or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower,
and  irrespective  of any other  circumstance  which might  otherwise limit such
obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The
Conversion  Date  specified in the Notice of Conversion  shall be the Conversion
Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is received by the Borrower before 6:00
p.m., New York, New York time, on such date.

                                       6
<PAGE>
               (f) Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic  Transfer.  In lieu of
delivering  physical  certificates  representing  the Common Stock issuable upon
conversion,  provided the  Borrower's  transfer  agent is  participating  in the
Depository  Trust Company ("DTC") Fast Automated  Securities  Transfer  ("FAST")
program,  upon  request  of the Holder and its  compliance  with the  provisions
contained in Section 1.1 and in this  Section  1.4,  the Borrower  shall use its
best efforts to cause its transfer agent to  electronically  transmit the Common
Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  to the  Holder by  crediting  the  account of
Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit  Withdrawal  Agent Commission
("DWAC") system.

               (g) Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in
any way limiting the Holder's right to pursue other remedies,  including  actual
damages  and/or  equitable  relief,  the  parties  agree that if delivery of the
Common Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  of this Note is more than two (2) days
after the Deadline (other than a failure due to the  circumstances  described in
Section 1.3 above, which failure shall be governed by such Section) the Borrower
shall pay to the Holder $2,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline
that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock.  Such cash amount shall be
paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has
accrued  or, at the option of the Holder (by written  notice to the  Borrower by
the first day of the month  following the month in which it has accrued),  shall
be added to the  principal  amount of this Note, in which event  interest  shall
accrue  thereon in  accordance  with the terms of this Note and such  additional
principal  amount shall be convertible  into Common Stock in accordance with the
terms of this Note.

          1.5  Concerning  the Shares.  The shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion  of this Note may not be sold or  transferred  unless (i) such shares
are sold pursuant to an effective  registration  statement under the Act or (ii)
the Borrower or its transfer  agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of
counsel  (which  opinion  shall be in form,  substance  and scope  customary for
opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to
be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred  pursuant to an exemption from
such registration or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred  pursuant to Rule
144 under the Act (or a  successor  rule)  ("Rule  144") or (iv) such shares are
transferred  to an  "affiliate"  (as  defined in Rule 144) of the  Borrower  who
agrees to sell or  otherwise  transfer the shares only in  accordance  with this
Section  1.5 and who is an  Accredited  Investor  (as  defined  in the  Purchase
Agreement).  Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject
to the removal  provisions  set forth  below),  until such time as the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note have been  registered  under
the Act as contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately  sold, each certificate for
shares of Common Stock  issuable upon  conversion of this Note that has not been
so included in an  effective  registration  statement  or that has not been sold
pursuant to an effective  registration  statement  or an exemption  that permits
removal of the legend,  shall bear a legend substantially in the following form,
as appropriate:

                                       7
<PAGE>
         "THE  SECURITIES  REPRESENTED BY THIS  CERTIFICATE  HAVE NOT
         BEEN  REGISTERED  UNDER  THE  SECURITIES  ACT  OF  1933,  AS
         AMENDED.  THE  SECURITIES  MAY NOT BE SOLD,  TRANSFERRED  OR
         ASSIGNED  IN  THE  ABSENCE  OF  AN  EFFECTIVE   REGISTRATION
         STATEMENT FOR THE  SECURITIES  UNDER SAID ACT, OR AN OPINION
         OF  COUNSEL  IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE  AND  SCOPE  CUSTOMARY  FOR
         OPINIONS  OF  COUNSEL  IN  COMPARABLE   TRANSACTIONS,   THAT
         REGISTRATION  IS NOT  REQUIRED  UNDER SAID ACT  UNLESS  SOLD
         PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT."

          The legend set forth  above shall be removed  and the  Borrower  shall
issue to the Holder a new  certificate  therefor free of any transfer  legend if
(i) the  Borrower  or its  transfer  agent  shall  have  received  an opinion of
counsel,  in form,  substance  and scope  customary  for  opinions of counsel in
comparable  transactions,  to the effect  that a public sale or transfer of such
Common Stock may be made without  registration  under the Act and the shares are
so sold or  transferred,  (ii) such Holder provides the Borrower or its transfer
agent with reasonable  assurances that the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note (to the extent such  securities are deemed to have been acquired on
the  same  date)  can be sold  pursuant  to Rule 144 or (iii) in the case of the
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note, such security is registered
for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the
Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any  restriction as to
the number of  securities as of a particular  date that can then be  immediately
sold.  Nothing in this Note shall (i) limit the Borrower's  obligation under the
Registration Rights Agreement or (ii) affect in any way the Holder's obligations
to comply with applicable  prospectus  delivery  requirements upon the resale of
the securities referred to herein.

          1.6 Effect of Certain Events.

               (a) Effect of Merger,  Consolidation,  Etc.  At the option of the
Holder,  the sale,  conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower,  the  effectuation  by the Borrower of a transaction  or
series of related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting power of the
Borrower  is  disposed  of,  or the  consolidation,  merger  or  other  business
combination  of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined below) or
Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either:  (i) be deemed to be
an Event of Default (as defined in Article  III)  pursuant to which the Borrower
shall  be  required  to pay to the  Holder  upon  the  consummation  of and as a
condition to such  transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined
in Article III) or (ii) be treated  pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof.  "Person"
shall mean any individual,  corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
association, trust or other entity or organization.

                                       8
<PAGE>
               (b) Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time
when this Note is issued and  outstanding  and prior to conversion of all of the
Notes,   there  shall  be  any  merger,   consolidation,   exchange  of  shares,
recapitalization,  reorganization,  or other similar event, as a result of which
shares of  Common  Stock of the  Borrower  shall be  changed  into the same or a
different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of
the Borrower or another  entity,  or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or
substantially  all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a
plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall
thereafter  have the right to receive  upon  conversion  of this Note,  upon the
basis and upon the  terms and  conditions  specified  herein  and in lieu of the
shares of Common Stock immediately  theretofore  issuable upon conversion,  such
stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive
in such  transaction had this Note been converted in full  immediately  prior to
such  transaction  (without  regard to any  limitations  on conversion set forth
herein), and in any such case appropriate  provisions shall be made with respect
to the  rights  and  interests  of the  Holder  of this Note to the end that the
provisions hereof (including,  without limitation,  provisions for adjustment of
the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the
Note)  shall  thereafter  be  applicable,  as  nearly as may be  practicable  in
relation to any securities or assets thereafter  deliverable upon the conversion
hereof. The Borrower shall not effect any transaction  described in this Section
1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives,  to the extent  practicable,  thirty (30) days
prior written  notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written
notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or
if  there  is  no  such  record  date,   the   consummation   of,  such  merger,
consolidation,  exchange of shares,  recapitalization,  reorganization  or other
similar event or sale of assets  (during which time the Holder shall be entitled
to convert this Note) and (b) the  resulting  successor or acquiring  entity (if
not the Borrower) assumes by written  instrument the obligations of this Section
1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations,
mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

               (c) Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare
or make any  distribution  of its assets (or  rights to acquire  its  assets) to
holders of Common  Stock as a dividend,  stock  repurchase,  by way of return of
capital or otherwise  (including any dividend or  distribution to the Borrower's
shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of
a subsidiary  (i.e.,  a spin-off)) (a  "Distribution"),  then the Holder of this
Note  shall be  entitled,  upon any  conversion  of this Note  after the date of
record for determining  shareholders  entitled to such Distribution,  to receive
the  amount of such  assets  which  would have been  payable to the Holder  with
respect to the shares of Common Stock  issuable  upon such  conversion  had such
Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the
determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.

               (d) Adjustment Due to Dilutive Issuance. If, at any time when any
Notes are issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues or sells, or in accordance
with this Section  1.6(d) hereof is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of
Common  Stock for no  consideration  or for a  consideration  per share  (before
deduction of reasonable  expenses or  commissions or  underwriting  discounts or
allowances  in connection  therewith)  less than the Fixed  Conversion  Price in
effect on the date of such  issuance  (or  deemed  issuance)  of such  shares of
Common  Stock (a  "Dilutive  Issuance"),  then  immediately  upon  the  Dilutive
Issuance,  the Fixed  Conversion  Price  will be  reduced  to the  amount of the
consideration  per share  received by the  Borrower in such  Dilutive  Issuance;
provided that only one adjustment will be made for each Dilutive Issuance.

                                       9
<PAGE>

          The  Borrower  shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of Common
Stock if the  Borrower in any manner  issues or grants any  warrants,  rights or
options, whether or not immediately exercisable, to subscribe for or to purchase
Common Stock or other  securities  convertible  into or exchangeable  for Common
Stock ("Convertible  Securities") (such warrants, rights and options to purchase
Common Stock or Convertible Securities are hereinafter referred to as "Options")
and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable  upon the exercise of
such Options is less than the Fixed  Conversion  Price then in effect,  then the
Fixed  Conversion  Price shall be equal to such price per share. For purposes of
the preceding sentence,  the "price per share for which Common Stock is issuable
upon the  exercise of such  Options"  is  determined  by dividing  (i) the total
amount,  if any, received or receivable by the Borrower as consideration for the
issuance or granting of all such Options,  plus the minimum  aggregate amount of
additional  consideration,  if any, payable to the Borrower upon the exercise of
all such Options,  plus, in the case of Convertible Securities issuable upon the
exercise  of  such  Options,   the  minimum   aggregate   amount  of  additional
consideration  payable upon the conversion or exchange  thereof at the time such
Convertible  Securities first become  convertible or  exchangeable,  by (ii) the
maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all
such  Options   (assuming  full   conversion  of  Convertible   Securities,   if
applicable). No further adjustment to the Conversion Price will be made upon the
actual  issuance of such Common  Stock upon the exercise of such Options or upon
the conversion or exchange of Convertible  Securities  issuable upon exercise of
such Options.

          Additionally,  the  Borrower  shall be deemed  to have  issued or sold
shares  of  Common  Stock if the  Borrower  in any  manner  issues  or sells any
Convertible Securities, whether or not immediately convertible (other than where
the same are issuable upon the exercise of Options), and the price per share for
which Common Stock is issuable upon such conversion or exchange is less than the
Fixed Conversion Price then in effect,  then the Fixed Conversion Price shall be
equal to such price per share. For the purposes of the preceding  sentence,  the
"price per share for which  Common  Stock is issuable  upon such  conversion  or
exchange" is determined by dividing (i) the total  amount,  if any,  received or
receivable by the Borrower as consideration for the issuance or sale of all such
Convertible  Securities,   plus  the  minimum  aggregate  amount  of  additional
consideration,  if any,  payable to the Borrower upon the conversion or exchange
thereof at the time such  Convertible  Securities  first become  convertible  or
exchangeable,  by (ii) the  maximum  total  number of  shares  of  Common  Stock
issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities.  No
further  adjustment to the Fixed  Conversion  Price will be made upon the actual
issuance of such Common Stock upon  conversion  or exchange of such  Convertible
Securities.

               (e)  Purchase  Rights.  If, at any time when any Notes are issued
and  outstanding,  the Borrower issues any  convertible  securities or rights to
purchase stock,  warrants,  securities or other property (the "Purchase Rights")
pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock,  then the Holder of
this  Note will be  entitled  to  acquire,  upon the  terms  applicable  to such
Purchase  Rights,  the  aggregate  Purchase  Rights which such Holder could have
acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon  complete  conversion of this Note (without  regard to any  limitations  on
conversion  contained herein)  immediately  before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant,  issuance  or sale of such  Purchase  Rights or, if no such
record is taken,  the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to
be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

                                       10
<PAGE>
               (f) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment
or readjustment of the Conversion  Price as a result of the events  described in
this Section 1.6, the  Borrower,  at its expense,  shall  promptly  compute such
adjustment  or  readjustment  and  prepare  and  furnish  to  the  Holder  of  a
certificate  setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail
the facts upon which such  adjustment  or  readjustment  is based.  The Borrower
shall,  upon the  written  request  at any time of the  Holder,  furnish to such
Holder a like  certificate  setting forth (i) such  adjustment or  readjustment,
(ii) the  Conversion  Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares
of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at
the time would be received upon conversion of the Note.

          1.7 Trading  Market  Limitations.  Unless  permitted by the applicable
rules and  regulations  of the principal  securities  market on which the Common
Stock is then  listed or  traded,  in no event  shall the  Borrower  issue  upon
conversion  of or  otherwise  pursuant to this Note and the other  Notes  issued
pursuant to the  Purchase  Agreement  more than the maximum  number of shares of
Common Stock that the Borrower can issue  pursuant to any rule of the  principal
United  States  securities  market on which the Common Stock is then traded (the
"Maximum Share Amount"),  which shall be 19.99% of the total shares  outstanding
on the Closing Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), subject to equitable
adjustment from time to time for stock splits,  stock  dividends,  combinations,
capital  reorganizations  and  similar  events  relating  to  the  Common  Stock
occurring  after the date hereof.  Once the Maximum Share Amount has been issued
(the date of which is hereinafter referred to as the "Maximum Conversion Date"),
if the Borrower fails to eliminate any prohibitions  under applicable law or the
rules or  regulations of any stock  exchange,  interdealer  quotation  system or
other self-regulatory organization with jurisdiction over the Borrower or any of
its  securities  on the  Borrower's  ability to issue  shares of Common Stock in
excess of the Maximum Share Amount (a "Trading  Market  Prepayment  Event"),  in
lieu of any further right to convert this Note, and in full  satisfaction of the
Borrower's  obligations  under this Note,  the Borrower shall pay to the Holder,
within fifteen (15) business days of the Maximum  Conversion  Date (the "Trading
Market Prepayment  Date"), an amount equal to 130% times the sum of (a) the then
outstanding  principal  amount of this Note  immediately  following  the Maximum
Conversion  Date, plus (b) accrued and unpaid  interest on the unpaid  principal
amount of this Note to the  Trading  Market  Prepayment  Date,  plus (c) Default
Interest,  if any,  on the  amounts  referred to in clause (a) and/or (b) above,
plus  (d)  any  optional  amounts  that  may be  added  thereto  at the  Maximum
Conversion  Date by the Holder in  accordance  with the terms  hereof  (the then
outstanding  principal  amount of this Note  immediately  following  the Maximum
Conversion  Date, plus the amounts referred to in clauses (b), (c) and (d) above
shall collectively be referred to as the "Remaining  Convertible Amount").  With
respect to each Holder of Notes,  the Maximum  Share  Amount shall refer to such
Holder's pro rata share thereof determined in accordance with Section 4.8 below.
In the event that the sum of (x) the aggregate  number of shares of Common Stock
issued upon  conversion of this Note and the other Notes issued  pursuant to the
Purchase  Agreement plus (y) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that
remain issuable upon conversion of this Note and the other Notes issued pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, represents at least one hundred percent (100%) of the
Maximum Share Amount (the  "Triggering  Event"),  the Borrower will use its best
efforts to seek and obtain Shareholder  Approval (or obtain such other relief as
will allow conversions  hereunder in excess of the Maximum Share Amount) as soon
as practicable  following the Triggering Event and before the Maximum Conversion
Date. As used herein,  "Shareholder Approval" means approval by the stockholders
of the Borrower to authorize the issuance of the full number of shares of Common
Stock which would be issuable upon full conversion of the then outstanding Notes
but for the Maximum Share Amount.

                                       11
<PAGE>
          1.8 Status as  Stockholder.  Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion
by a Holder,  (i) the shares  covered  thereby  (other than the shares,  if any,
which  cannot be issued  because  their  issuance  would  exceed  such  Holder's
allocated  portion of the  Reserved  Amount or Maximum  Share  Amount)  shall be
deemed  converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder's  rights as a
Holder of such  converted  portion  of this  Note  shall  cease  and  terminate,
excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock
and to any remedies  provided herein or otherwise  available at law or in equity
to such Holder  because of a failure by the Borrower to comply with the terms of
this  Note.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  if  a  Holder  has  not  received
certificates  for all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th)  business
day after the  expiration  of the Deadline  with respect to a conversion  of any
portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to
retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying  the Borrower) the
Holder  shall  regain the  rights of a Holder of this Note with  respect to such
unconverted   portions  of  this  Note  and  the  Borrower  shall,  as  soon  as
practicable,  return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not
been  surrendered,  adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note
has not been converted.  In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights
and remedies (including, without limitation, (i) the right to receive Conversion
Default Payments pursuant to Section 1.3 to the extent required thereby for such
Conversion  Default and any subsequent  Conversion Default and (ii) the right to
have the Conversion Price with respect to subsequent  conversions  determined in
accordance with Section 1.3) for the Borrower's failure to convert this Note.

                         Article II. CERTAIN COVENANTS

          2.1 Distributions on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have
any  obligation  under this Note,  the  Borrower  shall not without the Holder's
written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment,  any dividend or
other distribution  (whether in cash, property or other securities) on shares of
capital stock other than  dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form
of  additional  shares of Common Stock or (b) directly or  indirectly or through
any subsidiary  make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital
stock except for distributions  pursuant to any shareholders'  rights plan which
is approved by a majority of the Borrower's disinterested directors.

          2.2  Restriction on Stock  Repurchases.  So long as the Borrower shall
have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder's
written consent redeem,  repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in
exchange for property or other  securities or otherwise) in any one  transaction
or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or
any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares.

                                       12
<PAGE>
          2.3  Borrowings.  So long as the  Borrower  shall have any  obligation
under this Note, the Borrower shall not,  without the Holder's  written consent,
create,  incur,  assume or suffer to exist any  liability  for  borrowed  money,
except (a)  borrowings in existence or committed on the date hereof and of which
the  Borrower  has  informed  Holder in writing  prior to the date  hereof,  (b)
indebtedness  to trade  creditors  or  financial  institutions  incurred  in the
ordinary  course of business or (c)  borrowings,  the proceeds of which shall be
used to repay this Note.

          2.4 Sale of Assets.  So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation
under this Note, the Borrower shall not,  without the Holder's  written consent,
sell,  lease or  otherwise  dispose  of any  significant  portion  of its assets
outside the ordinary  course of business.  Any consent to the disposition of any
assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition.

          2.5  Advances  and  Loans.  So long as the  Borrower  shall  have  any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder's written
consent,  lend money,  give credit or make advances to any person,  firm,  joint
venture or corporation,  including,  without  limitation,  officers,  directors,
employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except loans, credits or
advances (a) in existence or committed on the date hereof and which the Borrower
has  informed  Holder  in  writing  prior  to the date  hereof,  (b) made in the
ordinary course of business or (c) not in excess of $50,000.

          2.6  Contingent  Liabilities.  So long as the Borrower  shall have any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder's written
consent, assume, guarantee, endorse, contingently agree to purchase or otherwise
become  liable upon the  obligation  of any  person,  firm,  partnership,  joint
venture or corporation,  except by the endorsement of negotiable instruments for
deposit or  collection  and except  assumptions,  guarantees,  endorsements  and
contingencies  (a) in  existence  or  committed on the date hereof and which the
Borrower  has  informed  Holder in  writing  prior to the date  hereof,  and (b)
similar transactions in the ordinary course of business.

                         Article III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

          If any of  the  following  events  of  default  (each,  an  "Event  of
Default") shall occur:

          3.1 Failure to Pay  Principal or Interest.  The Borrower  fails to pay
the  principal  hereof or  interest  thereon  when due on this Note,  whether at
maturity,  upon a Trading Market  Prepayment Event pursuant to Section 1.7, upon
acceleration or otherwise;

          3.2 Conversion  and the Shares.  The Borrower fails to issue shares of
Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens that it will not honor its
obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the
Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note (for a period of at least sixty
(60) days, if such failure is solely as a result of the  circumstances  governed
by  Section  1.3 and the  Borrower  is using its best  efforts  to  authorize  a
sufficient  number of shares of Common Stock as soon as  practicable),  fails to
transfer  or  cause  its  transfer  agent  to  transfer  (electronically  or  in
certificated  form) any  certificate  for shares of Common  Stock  issued to the
Holder  upon  conversion  of or  otherwise  pursuant  to this  Note as and  when
required by this Note or the Registration  Rights Agreement,  or fails to remove
any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect
thereof) on any  certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder
upon  conversion  of or otherwise  pursuant to this Note as and when required by
this Note or the  Registration  Rights  Agreement  (or  makes any  announcement,
statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the  obligations  described
in  this  paragraph)  and  any  such  failure  shall  continue  uncured  (or any
announcement,  statement  or threat  not to honor its  obligations  shall not be
rescinded  in  writing)  for ten (10) days  after the  Borrower  shall have been
notified thereof in writing by the Holder;

                                       13
<PAGE>
          3.3 Failure to Timely File  Registration or Effect  Registration.  The
Borrower  fails  to file the  Registration  Statement  within  sixty  (60)  days
following  the Closing  Date (as defined in the  Purchase  Agreement)  or obtain
effectiveness  with the Securities and Exchange  Commission of the  Registration
Statement within one hundred  thirty-five  (135) days following the Closing Date
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or such Registration  Statement lapses in
effect (or sales  cannot  otherwise  be made  thereunder  effective,  whether by
reason of the Borrower's failure to amend or supplement the prospectus  included
therein in accordance with the  Registration  Rights Agreement or otherwise) for
more than  twenty  (20)  consecutive  days or forty (40) days in any twelve (12)
month period after the Registration Statement becomes effective;

          3.4 Breach of Covenants.  The Borrower  breaches any material covenant
or other  material  term or condition  contained in Sections  1.3, 1.6 or 1.7 of
this Note,  or  Sections  4(c),  4(e),  4(h),  4(i),  4(j) or 5 of the  Purchase
Agreement and such breach  continues for a period of ten (10) days after written
notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder;

          3.5 Breach of  Representations  and Warranties.  Any representation or
warranty  of  the  Borrower  made  herein  or in  any  agreement,  statement  or
certificate  given  in  writing  pursuant  hereto  or  in  connection   herewith
(including,  without  limitation,  the Purchase  Agreement and the  Registration
Rights  Agreement),  shall be false or misleading  in any material  respect when
made and the  breach of which  has (or with the  passage  of time  will  have) a
material  adverse  effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note,
the Purchase Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement;

          3.6  Receiver  or  Trustee.  The  Borrower  or any  subsidiary  of the
Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors,  or apply for or
consent to the  appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial
part of its property or business,  or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise
be appointed;

          3.7 Judgments.  Any money  judgment,  writ or similar process shall be
entered or filed  against the Borrower or any  subsidiary of the Borrower or any
of its  property  or other  assets  for more  than  $50,000,  and  shall  remain
unvacated,  unbonded  or  unstayed  for a period  of  twenty  (20)  days  unless
otherwise  consented to by the Holder,  which  consent will not be  unreasonably
withheld;

                                       14
<PAGE>
          3.8 Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization or liquidation
proceedings or other  proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law
for the relief of debtors  shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any
subsidiary of the Borrower;

          3.9 Delisting of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the
listing  of the  Common  Stock on at  least  one of the  OTCBB or an  equivalent
replacement  exchange,  the Nasdaq National Market,  the Nasdaq SmallCap Market,
the New York Stock Exchange, or the American Stock Exchange; or

          3.10 Default  Under Other Notes.  An Event of Default has occurred and
is  continuing  under any of the other Notes  issued  pursuant  to the  Purchase
Agreement, then, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of
Default  specified in Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.7, 3.9, or 3.10, at the
option of the Holders of a majority  of the  aggregate  principal  amount of the
outstanding Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement  exercisable through
the delivery of written  notice to the  Borrower by such  Holders (the  "Default
Notice"),  and upon the  occurrence of an Event of Default  specified in Section
3.6 or 3.8, the Notes shall become  immediately due and payable and the Borrower
shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations  hereunder,  an
amount  equal  to the  greater  of (i)  130%  times  the  sum  of (w)  the  then
outstanding  principal  amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest
on the  unpaid  principal  amount  of this  Note to the  date  of  payment  (the
"Mandatory  Prepayment Date") plus (y) Default Interest,  if any, on the amounts
referred to in clauses  (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any  amounts  owed to the Holder
pursuant to Sections  1.3 and 1.4(g)  hereof or pursuant to Section  2(c) of the
Registration  Rights  Agreement (the then  outstanding  principal amount of this
Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and
(z) shall collectively be known as the "Default Sum") or (ii) the "parity value"
of the  Default  Sum to be  prepaid,  where  parity  value means (a) the highest
number of shares  of Common  Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  of or  otherwise
pursuant to such Default Sum in accordance  with Article I, treating the Trading
Day immediately preceding the Mandatory Prepayment Date as the "Conversion Date"
for purposes of determining the lowest applicable  Conversion Price,  unless the
Default Event arises as a result of a breach in respect of a specific Conversion
Date  in  which  case  such  Conversion  Date  shall  be the  Conversion  Date),
multiplied  by (b) the highest  Closing  Price for the Common  Stock  during the
period  beginning  on the date of first  occurrence  of the Event of Default and
ending one day prior to the Mandatory Prepayment Date (the "Default Amount") and
all other amounts payable  hereunder shall  immediately  become due and payable,
all without  demand,  presentment  or notice,  all of which hereby are expressly
waived, together with all costs, including,  without limitation,  legal fees and
expenses, of collection,  and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other
rights and remedies  available at law or in equity. If the Borrower fails to pay
the Default  Amount  within five (5) business  days of written  notice that such
amount is due and payable,  then the Holder shall have the right at any time, so
long as the  Borrower  remains  in default  (and so long and to the extent  that
there are sufficient  authorized shares), to require the Borrower,  upon written
notice,  to  immediately  issue,  in lieu of the Default  Amount,  the number of
shares of Common Stock of the Borrower  equal to the Default  Amount  divided by
the Conversion Price then in effect.

                                       15
<PAGE>

                           Article IV. MISCELLANEOUS

          4.1 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver.  No failure or delay on the part
of the Holder in the exercise of any power,  right or privilege  hereunder shall
operate as a waiver  thereof,  nor shall any single or partial  exercise  of any
such power,  right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of
any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder
are  cumulative  to, and not  exclusive  of, any  rights or  remedies  otherwise
available.

          4.2 Notices. Any notice herein required or permitted to be given shall
be in writing and may be  personally  served or  delivered by courier or sent by
United  States  mail and  shall be deemed to have been  given  upon  receipt  if
personally served (which shall include telephone line facsimile transmission) or
sent by courier or three (3) days after  being  deposited  in the United  States
mail, certified,  with postage pre-paid and properly addressed, if sent by mail.
For the  purposes  hereof,  the  address of the Holder  shall be as shown on the
records of the  Borrower;  and the  address of the  Borrower  shall be 12268 Via
Latina,  Del Mar,  California 92914,  facsimile number:  858-481-2207.  Both the
Holder and the Borrower may change the address for service by service of written
notice to the other as herein provided.

          4.3 Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended
by an  instrument  in writing  signed by the Borrower  and the Holder.  The term
"Note" and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean
this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase  Agreement)
as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented,  then as so amended
or supplemented.

          4.4  Assignability.  This Note shall be binding  upon the Borrower and
its successors and assigns,  and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and
its successors and assigns.  Each transferee of this Note must be an "accredited
investor" (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act).  Notwithstanding anything
in this  Note to the  contrary,  this  Note  may be  pledged  as  collateral  in
connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.

          4.5 Cost of  Collection.  If  default  is made in the  payment of this
Note, the Borrower  shall pay the Holder hereof costs of  collection,  including
reasonable attorneys' fees.

          4.6  Governing  Law.  THIS NOTE  SHALL BE  ENFORCED,  GOVERNED  BY AND
CONSTRUED IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK  APPLICABLE  TO
AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED  ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE,  WITHOUT REGARD
TO THE  PRINCIPLES  OF  CONFLICT OF LAWS.  THE  BORROWER  HEREBY  SUBMITS TO THE
EXCLUSIVE  JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK,
NEW YORK WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE  ARISING  UNDER THIS NOTE,  THE  AGREEMENTS
ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION  HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS  CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR
THEREBY.  BOTH PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO
THE  MAINTENANCE  OF SUCH SUIT OR  PROCEEDING.  BOTH PARTIES  FURTHER AGREE THAT
SERVICE OF PROCESS  UPON A PARTY  MAILED BY FIRST  CLASS MAIL SHALL BE DEEMED IN
EVERY  RESPECT  EFFECTIVE  SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THE PARTY IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR
PROCEEDING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT EITHER PARTY'S RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN
ANY  OTHER  MANNER   PERMITTED  BY  LAW.   BOTH  PARTIES   AGREE  THAT  A  FINAL
NON-APPEALABLE  JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING  SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND
MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER  JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON SUCH JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER
LAWFUL  MANNER.  THE PARTY WHICH DOES NOT PREVAIL IN ANY DISPUTE  ARISING  UNDER
THIS NOTE SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL FEES AND EXPENSES,  INCLUDING  ATTORNEYS'
FEES, INCURRED BY THE PREVAILING PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH DISPUTE.

                                       16
<PAGE>
          4.7 Certain  Amounts.  Whenever  pursuant to this Note the Borrower is
required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding  principal amount (or the
portion  thereof  required  to be paid at that  time)  plus  accrued  and unpaid
interest  plus Default  Interest on such  interest,  the Borrower and the Holder
agree that the actual  damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on
this Note may be  difficult  to  determine  and the  amount to be so paid by the
Borrower  represents  stipulated  damages  and not a penalty  and is intended to
compensate  the Holder in part for loss of the  opportunity to convert this Note
and to earn a return  from the sale of  shares  of Common  Stock  acquired  upon
conversion  of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such  shares
pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount
of stipulated  damages is not plainly  disproportionate  to the possible loss to
the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert
this Note into shares of Common Stock.

          4.8  Allocations  of Maximum  Share  Amount and Reserved  Amount.  The
Maximum  Share Amount and Reserved  Amount shall be allocated pro rata among the
Holders of Notes  based on the  principal  amount of such  Notes  issued to each
Holder.  Each increase to the Maximum Share Amount and Reserved  Amount shall be
allocated pro rata among the Holders of Notes based on the  principal  amount of
such Notes held by each Holder at the time of the increase in the Maximum  Share
Amount  or  Reserved  Amount.  In the  event a Holder  shall  sell or  otherwise
transfer any of such Holder's Notes,  each  transferee  shall be allocated a pro
rata portion of such transferor's  Maximum Share Amount and Reserved Amount. Any
portion of the Maximum Share Amount or Reserved  Amount which remains  allocated
to any person or entity  which does not hold any Notes shall be allocated to the
remaining Holders of Notes, pro rata based on the principal amount of such Notes
then held by such Holders.

          4.9 Damages Shares. The shares of Common Stock that may be issuable to
the Holder  pursuant to Sections  1.3 and 1.4(g)  hereof and pursuant to Section
2(c) of the Registration Rights Agreement ("Damages Shares") shall be treated as
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note for all purposes  hereof and
shall be subject to all of the limitations and afforded all of the rights of the
other shares of Common Stock issuable  hereunder,  including without limitation,
the right to be included in the  Registration  Statement  filed  pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement.  For purposes of calculating  interest payable on
the outstanding  principal amount hereof,  except as otherwise  provided herein,
amounts  convertible  into Damages  Shares  ("Damages  Amounts")  shall not bear
interest  but must be  converted  prior  to the  conversion  of any  outstanding
principal amount hereof, until the outstanding Damages Amounts is zero.

                                       17
<PAGE>
          4.10  Denominations.  At the request of the Holder,  upon surrender of
this  Note,  the  Borrower  shall  promptly  issue  new  Notes in the  aggregate
outstanding  principal amount hereof, in the form hereof, in such  denominations
of at least $50,000 as the Holder shall request.

          4.11 Purchase  Agreement.  By its acceptance of this Note, each Holder
agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.

          4.12 Notice of Corporate Events.  Except as otherwise  provided below,
the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common  Stock unless
and only to the  extent  that it  converts  this Note  into  Common  Stock.  The
Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior  notification of any meeting of the
Borrower's  shareholders  (and copies of proxy  materials and other  information
sent to shareholders). In the event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of
its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to
receive  payment of any dividend or other  distribution,  any right to subscribe
for, purchase or otherwise acquire  (including by way of merger,  consolidation,
reclassification  or  recapitalization)  any  share of any  class  or any  other
securities  or property,  or to receive any other  right,  or for the purpose of
determining  shareholders  who  are  entitled  to vote in  connection  with  any
proposed sale, lease or conveyance of all or substantially  all of the assets of
the  Borrower  or any  proposed  liquidation,  dissolution  or winding up of the
Borrower,  the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder,  at least twenty (20)
days prior to the record  date  specified  therein (or thirty (30) days prior to
the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date
on which  any such  record  is to be taken  for the  purpose  of such  dividend,
distribution,  right or other event, and a brief statement  regarding the amount
and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent
known at such time. The Borrower shall make a public  announcement  of any event
requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with
the  notification  to the Holder in  accordance  with the terms of this  Section
4.12.

          4.13 Remedies.  The Borrower  acknowledges  that a breach by it of its
obligations  hereunder will cause  irreparable harm to the Holder,  by vitiating
the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly,  the
Borrower  acknowledges  that the  remedy at law for a breach of its  obligations
under  this  Note will be  inadequate  and  agrees,  in the event of a breach or
threatened  breach by the  Borrower  of the  provisions  of this Note,  that the
Holder shall be entitled,  in addition to all other available remedies at law or
in equity, and in addition to the penalties  assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining,  preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof,  without the necessity of
showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

                             Article V. CALL OPTION

          5.1 Call Option. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Article V, so long as (i) no Event of Default or Trading Market  Prepayment
Event shall have occurred and be continuing,  (ii) the Borrower has a sufficient
number of  authorized  shares of Common Stock  reserved  for issuance  upon full


                                       18
<PAGE>
conversion  of the Notes,  then at any time after the Issue Date,  and (iii) the
Common Stock is trading at or below $.02 per share,  the Borrower shall have the
right,  exercisable  on not less than ten (10) Trading Days prior written notice
to the Holders of the Notes (which  notice may not be sent to the Holders of the
Notes  until the  Borrower  is  permitted  to prepay the Notes  pursuant to this
Section 5.1),  to prepay all of the  outstanding  Notes in accordance  with this
Section 5.1. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an "Optional Prepayment") shall
be delivered to the Holders of the Notes at their registered addresses appearing
on the books and records of the  Borrower  and shall state (1) that the Borrower
is exercising  its right to prepay all of the Notes issued on the Issue Date and
(2) the date of prepayment (the "Optional Prepayment Notice"). On the date fixed
for prepayment (the "Optional Prepayment Date"), the Borrower shall make payment
of the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined below) to or upon the order of the
Holders as  specified by the Holders in writing to the Borrower at least one (1)
business day prior to the Optional  Prepayment  Date. If the Borrower  exercises
its right to prepay the Notes, the Borrower shall make payment to the holders of
an amount in cash (the  "Optional  Prepayment  Amount") equal to either (i) 130%
(for prepayments occurring within thirty (30) days of the Issue Date), (ii) 140%
for  prepayments  occurring  between  thirty-one (31) and sixty (60) days of the
Issue Date, or (iii) 150% (for  prepayments  occurring after the sixtieth (60th)
day following the Issue Date), multiplied by the sum of (w) the then outstanding
principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid
principal  amount of this Note to the Optional  Prepayment Date plus (y) Default
Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x) plus (z) any
amounts  owed to the  Holder  pursuant  to  Sections  1.3 and  1.4(g)  hereof or
pursuant  to  Section  2(c)  of the  Registration  Rights  Agreement  (the  then
outstanding  principal  amount  of this  Note to the  date of  payment  plus the
amounts  referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall  collectively be known as
the  "Optional   Prepayment  Sum").   Notwithstanding   notice  of  an  Optional
Prepayment, the Holders shall at all times prior to the Optional Prepayment Date
maintain the right to convert all or any portion of the Notes in accordance with
Article I and any  portion of Notes so  converted  after  receipt of an Optional
Prepayment  Notice and prior to the Optional  Prepayment  Date set forth in such
notice and payment of the aggregate Optional Prepayment Amount shall be deducted
from the  principal  amount of Notes which are  otherwise  subject to prepayment
pursuant to such notice. If the Borrower delivers an Optional  Prepayment Notice
and fails to pay the Optional  Prepayment Amount due to the Holders of the Notes
within two (2)  business  days  following  the  Optional  Prepayment  Date,  the
Borrower  shall forever  forfeit its right to redeem the Notes  pursuant to this
Section 5.1.




                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


                                       19
<PAGE>


          IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its
name by its duly authorized officer this 17th day of December, 2004.


                                      PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.



                                      By:      /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                               -----------------
                                               Edward Litwak
                                               President

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dec2320048kex43.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.3





           THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
           REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
           "ACT").  THE  SECURITIES  MAY NOT BE  SOLD,  TRANSFERRED  OR
           ASSIGNED  IN  THE  ABSENCE  OF  AN  EFFECTIVE   REGISTRATION
           STATEMENT FOR THE  SECURITIES  UNDER SAID ACT, OR AN OPINION
           OF  COUNSEL  IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE  AND  SCOPE  CUSTOMARY  FOR
           OPINIONS  OF  COUNSEL  IN   COMPARABLE   TRANSACTIONS   THAT
           REGISTRATION  IS NOT REQUIRED  UNDER SAID ACT OR UNLESS SOLD
           PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT.


                        CALLABLE SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE

Del Mar, California
December 17, 2004                                                       $532,000

          FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS,  INC., a Nevada
corporation  (hereinafter called the "Borrower"),  hereby promises to pay to the
order of AJW QUALIFIED  PARTNERS,  LLC or registered  assigns (the "Holder") the
sum of Five Hundred Thirty-Two Thousand Dollars ($532,000), on December 17, 2007
(the  "Maturity  Date"),  and to pay  interest on the unpaid  principal  balance
hereof at the rate of ten percent  (10%) per annum from  December  17, 2004 (the
"Issue  Date") until the same  becomes due and  payable,  whether at maturity or
upon  acceleration  or by prepayment  or  otherwise.  Any amount of principal or
interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate
of fifteen  percent  (15%) per annum from the due date thereof until the same is
paid ("Default  Interest").  Interest shall commence accruing on the issue date,
shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day  year and the actual  number of days
elapsed and shall be payable,  quarterly on March 31, June 30,  September 30 and
December 31 of each year  beginning  on December  31,  2004.  All  payments  due
hereunder  (to the extent not converted  into common stock,  $.001 par value per
share, of the Borrower (the "Common Stock") in accordance with the terms hereof)
shall be made in lawful  money of the United  States of  America.  All  payments
shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower
by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note.  Whenever
any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which
is not a business day, the same shall instead be due on the next  succeeding day
which is a business day and, in the case of any  interest  payment date which is
not the date on which this Note is paid in full,  the  extension of the due date
thereof shall not be taken into account for purposes of  determining  the amount
of interest  due on such date.  As used in this Note,  the term  "business  day"
shall mean any day other than a  Saturday,  Sunday or a day on which  commercial
banks in the city of New York,  New York are  authorized  or  required by law or
executive order to remain closed.  Each  capitalized  term used herein,  and not
otherwise  defined,  shall have the  meaning  ascribed  thereto in that  certain
Securities Purchase  Agreement,  dated December 17, 2004, pursuant to which this
Note was originally issued (the "Purchase Agreement").


<PAGE>

          This Note is free from all taxes,  liens, claims and encumbrances with
respect to the issue  thereof and shall not be subject to  preemptive  rights or
other  similar  rights  of  stockholders  of the  Borrower  and will not  impose
personal  liability  upon the holder  thereof.  The  obligations of the Borrower
under this Note shall be secured by that  certain  Security  Agreement  and that
certain Intellectual Property Security Agreement by and between the Borrower and
the Holder, each dated December 17, 2004.

          The following terms shall apply to this Note:

                          Article I. CONVERSION RIGHTS

               1.1 Conversion  Right.  The Holder shall have the right from time
to time, and at any time on or prior to the earlier of (i) the Maturity Date and
(ii) the date of  payment of the  Default  Amount  (as  defined in Article  III)
pursuant to Section  1.6(a) or Article III, the Optional  Prepayment  Amount (as
defined in Section 5.1 or any payments  pursuant to Section 1.7, each in respect
of the remaining outstanding principal amount of this Note to convert all or any
part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this Note into fully paid
and  non-assessable  shares of Common Stock,  as such Common Stock exists on the
Issue Date, or any shares of capital  stock or other  securities of the Borrower
into which such Common Stock shall  hereafter be changed or  reclassified at the
conversion  price (the  "Conversion  Price")  determined  as provided  herein (a
"Conversion");  provided, however, that in no event shall the Holder be entitled
to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that  portion of this Note upon
conversion  of  which  the sum of (1) the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock
beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common
Stock  which may be deemed  beneficially  owned  through  the  ownership  of the
unconverted  portion of the Notes or the  unexercised or unconverted  portion of
any other security of the Borrower (including,  without limitation, the warrants
issued  by  the  Borrower  pursuant  to the  Purchase  Agreement)  subject  to a
limitation  on  conversion or exercise  analogous to the  limitations  contained
herein)  and (2) the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  issuable  upon  the
conversion  of the portion of this Note with respect to which the  determination
of this  proviso is being made,  would  result in  beneficial  ownership  by the
Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.9% of the outstanding  shares of Common
Stock.  For  purposes  of the  proviso to the  immediately  preceding  sentence,
beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  and Regulations 13D-G thereunder,
except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The number of shares
of  Common  Stock to be  issued  upon  each  conversion  of this  Note  shall be
determined  by  dividing  the  Conversion  Amount  (as  defined  below)  by  the
applicable  Conversion  Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice
of  conversion,  in the form  attached  hereto  as  Exhibit  A (the  "Notice  of
Conversion"), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section
1.4 below;  provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile (or
by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the
Borrower  before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the
"Conversion  Date").  The term  "Conversion  Amount" means,  with respect to any
conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal  amount of this Note to be
converted in such  conversion plus (2) accrued and unpaid  interest,  if any, on
such  principal  amount  at the  interest  rates  provided  in this  Note to the
Conversion Date plus (3) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in
the  immediately  preceding  clauses  (1)  and/or  (2) plus (4) at the  Holder's
option,  any amounts  owed to the Holder  pursuant  to  Sections  1.3 and 1.4(g)
hereof  or  pursuant  to  Section  2(c)  of  that  certain  Registration  Rights
Agreement,  dated as of  December  17,  2004,  executed in  connection  with the
initial  issuance of this Note and the other Notes issued on the Issue Date (the
"Registration Rights Agreement").

                                       2
<PAGE>
               1.2 Conversion Price.

                    (a) Calculation of Conversion  Price.  The Conversion  Price
shall be the lesser of (i) the Variable Conversion Price (as defined herein) and
(ii) the Fixed Conversion Price (as defined herein)  (subject,  in each case, to
equitable  adjustments for stock splits,  stock dividends or rights offerings by
the Borrower  relating to the  Borrower's  securities  or the  securities of any
subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations,  recapitalization,  reclassifications,
extraordinary distributions and similar events). The "Variable Conversion Price"
shall mean the  Applicable  Percentage  (as defined  herein)  multiplied  by the
Market Price (as defined herein). "Market Price" means the average of the lowest
three (3) Trading  Prices (as  defined  below) for the Common  Stock  during the
twenty  (20)  Trading  Day period  ending one  Trading Day prior to the date the
Conversion  Notice is sent by the  Holder to the  Borrower  via  facsimile  (the
"Conversion Date").  "Trading Price" means, for any security as of any date, the
intraday trading price on the  Over-the-Counter  Bulletin Board (the "OTCBB") as
reported by a reliable  reporting  service mutually  acceptable to and hereafter
designated  by Holders of a majority in  interest of the Notes and the  Borrower
or, if the OTCBB is not the  principal  trading  market for such  security,  the
intraday trading price of such security on the principal  securities exchange or
trading  market  where  such  security  is listed or traded  or, if no  intraday
trading price of such security is available in any of the foregoing manners, the
average of the intraday  trading  prices of any market  makers for such security
that are listed in the "pink sheets" by the National  Quotation Bureau,  Inc. If
the Trading  Price cannot be  calculated  for such  security on such date in the
manner  provided  above,  the Trading  Price  shall be the fair market  value as
mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of
the Notes being  converted  for which the  calculation  of the Trading  Price is
required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. "Trading Day"
shall  mean any day on which the  Common  Stock is traded  for any period on the
OTCBB, or on the principal  securities  exchange or other  securities  market on
which the Common Stock is then being traded.  "Applicable Percentage" shall mean
60.0%. The "Fixed Conversion Price" shall mean $.02.

                    (b)   Conversion    Price   During   Major    Announcements.
Notwithstanding  anything  contained in Section  1.2(a) to the contrary,  in the
event  the  Borrower  (i)  makes  a  public  announcement  that  it  intends  to
consolidate  or merge with any other  corporation  (other than a merger in which
the Borrower is the surviving or continuing corporation and its capital stock is
unchanged)  or sell or transfer  all or  substantially  all of the assets of the
Borrower or (ii) any person,  group or entity (including the Borrower)  publicly
announces a tender offer to purchase 50% or more of the Borrower's  Common Stock
(or any other  takeover  scheme)  (the date of the  announcement  referred to in
clause (i) or (ii) is hereinafter referred to as the "Announcement  Date"), then
the Conversion Price shall,  effective upon the Announcement Date and continuing
through the Adjusted  Conversion Price  Termination Date (as defined below),  be
equal to the lower of (x) the Conversion  Price which would have been applicable
for a Conversion occurring on the Announcement Date and (y) the Conversion Price
that would otherwise be in effect.  From and after the Adjusted Conversion Price
Termination  Date, the Conversion Price shall be determined as set forth in this
Section 1.2(a).  For purposes hereof,  "Adjusted  Conversion  Price  Termination
Date" shall mean,  with respect to any proposed  transaction or tender offer (or
takeover scheme) for which a public announcement as contemplated by this Section
1.2(b) has been made,  the date upon which the  Borrower  (in the case of clause
(i) above) or the  person,  group or entity (in the case of clause  (ii)  above)
consummates or publicly announces the termination or abandonment of the proposed
transaction  or tender  offer (or  takeover  scheme)  which  caused this Section
1.2(b) to become operative.

                                       3
<PAGE>

               1.3 Authorized Shares.  Subject to the Stockholder Approval,  the
Borrower  covenants  that during the period the  conversion  right  exists,  the
Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient
number of shares,  free from preemptive  rights,  to provide for the issuance of
Common  Stock upon the full  conversion  of this Note and the other Notes issued
pursuant to the  Purchase  Agreement.  The  Borrower is required at all times to
have authorized and reserved two (2) times the number of shares that is actually
issuable upon full conversion of the Notes (based on the Conversion Price of the
Notes or the  Exercise  Price of the  Warrants in effect from time to time) (the
"Reserved Amount").  The Reserved Amount shall be increased from time to time in
accordance  with the  Borrower's  obligations  pursuant  to Section  4(h) of the
Purchase Agreement. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will
be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.  In addition,  if the
Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital  structure
which  would  change the  number of shares of Common  Stock into which the Notes
shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at
the  same  time  make  proper  provision  so that  thereafter  there  shall be a
sufficient  number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved,  free from
preemptive  rights,  for conversion of the outstanding  Notes.  The Borrower (i)
acknowledges  that it has  irrevocably  instructed  its transfer  agent to issue
certificates  for the Common Stock  issuable upon  conversion of this Note,  and
(ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall  constitute  full  authority to
its  officers  and  agents  who are  charged  with the duty of  executing  stock
certificates  to  execute  and issue the  necessary  certificates  for shares of
Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

               If,  at any time a  Holder  of this  Note  submits  a  Notice  of
Conversion,  and the Borrower does not have  sufficient  authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock  available to effect such  conversion in accordance  with
the  provisions of this Article I (a "Conversion  Default"),  subject to Section
4.8,  the  Borrower  shall issue to the Holder all of the shares of Common Stock
which are then  available  to effect such  conversion.  The portion of this Note
which the Holder included in its Conversion  Notice and which exceeds the amount
which is then  convertible  into  available  shares of Common Stock (the "Excess
Amount") shall,  notwithstanding  anything to the contrary contained herein, not
be convertible  into Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof until (and
at the Holder's option at any time after) the date  additional  shares of Common
Stock are  authorized by the Borrower to permit such  conversion,  at which time
the  Conversion  Price  in  respect  thereof  shall  be the  lesser  of (i)  the
Conversion Price on the Conversion  Default Date (as defined below) and (ii) the
Conversion  Price on the  Conversion  Date  thereafter  elected by the Holder in
respect  thereof.  In addition,  the Borrower  shall pay to the Holder  payments
("Conversion  Default  Payments") for a Conversion  Default in the amount of (x)
the sum of (1) the then  outstanding  principal  amount  of this  Note  plus (2)
accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid  principal amount of this Note through
the Authorization Date (as defined below) plus (3) Default Interest,  if any, on
the  amounts  referred  to in clauses  (1) and/or  (2),  multiplied  by (y) .24,
multiplied by (z) (N/365),  where N = the number of days from the day the holder
submits  a  Notice  of  Conversion  giving  rise to a  Conversion  Default  (the
"Conversion  Default  Date") to the date  (the  "Authorization  Date")  that the
Borrower  authorizes  a  sufficient  number of shares of Common  Stock to effect
conversion of the full outstanding  principal balance of this Note. The Borrower
shall use its best efforts to authorize a sufficient  number of shares of Common
Stock as soon as  practicable  following  the  earlier of (i) such time that the
Holder notifies the Borrower or that the Borrower  otherwise  becomes aware that
there are or likely will be insufficient authorized and unissued shares to allow
full conversion thereof and (ii) a Conversion  Default.  The Borrower shall send
notice to the Holder of the  authorization of additional shares of Common Stock,
the  Authorization  Date and the amount of Holder's accrued  Conversion  Default
Payments.  The accrued Conversion Default Payments for each calendar month shall
be paid in cash or shall be convertible into Common Stock (at such time as there
are sufficient  authorized shares of Common Stock) at the applicable  Conversion
Price, at the Borrower's option, as follows:

                                       4
<PAGE>
                    (a) In the event Holder elects to take such payment in cash,
cash  payment  shall be made to  Holder  by the  fifth  (5th)  day of the  month
following the month in which it has accrued; and

                    (b) In the  event  Holder  elects to take  such  payment  in
Common  Stock,  the Holder may convert such payment  amount into Common Stock at
the Conversion  Price (as in effect at the time of conversion) at any time after
the fifth  day of the  month  following  the  month in which it has  accrued  in
accordance  with  the  terms  of this  Article  I (so  long as  there  is then a
sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock).

               The Holder's election shall be made in writing to the Borrower at
any time prior to 6:00 p.m.,  New York,  New York time,  on the third day of the
month following the month in which Conversion Default payments have accrued.  If
no election is made, the Holder shall be deemed to have elected to receive cash.
Nothing  herein shall limit the Holder's  right to pursue actual damages (to the
extent in excess of the Conversion  Default Payments) for the Borrower's failure
to maintain a sufficient  number of authorized  shares of Common Stock, and each
holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available at law or in equity
(including degree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief).

               1.4 Method of Conversion.

                    (a)  Mechanics of  Conversion.  Subject to Section 1.1, this
Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to
time  after  the Issue  Date,  by (A)  submitting  to the  Borrower  a Notice of
Conversion (by facsimile or other reasonable  means of communication  dispatched
on the  Conversion  Date  prior to 6:00 p.m.,  New York,  New York time) and (B)
subject to Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of the
Borrower.

                                       5
<PAGE>
                    (b)  Surrender  of  Note  Upon  Conversion.  Notwithstanding
anything to the  contrary  set forth  herein,  upon  conversion  of this Note in
accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically
surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of
this Note is so converted.  The Holder and the Borrower shall  maintain  records
showing the principal  amount so converted and the dates of such  conversions or
shall use such  other  method,  reasonably  satisfactory  to the  Holder and the
Borrower,  so as not to require  physical  surrender of this Note upon each such
conversion.  In the event of any  dispute or  discrepancy,  such  records of the
Borrower  shall be  controlling  and  determinative  in the  absence of manifest
error.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  if any portion of this Note is converted
as  aforesaid,  the Holder may not  transfer  this Note unless the Holder  first
physically  surrenders  this Note to the  Borrower,  whereupon the Borrower will
forthwith  issue and  deliver  upon the  order of the  Holder a new Note of like
tenor,  registered as the Holder (upon  payment by the Holder of any  applicable
transfer taxes) may request,  representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid
principal  amount of this Note.  The Holder and any  assignee,  by acceptance of
this Note,  acknowledge  and agree  that,  by reason of the  provisions  of this
paragraph,  following  conversion  of a portion  of this  Note,  the  unpaid and
unconverted  principal  amount of this Note represented by this Note may be less
than the amount stated on the face hereof.

                    (c) Payment of Taxes.  The Borrower shall not be required to
pay any tax which may be  payable in respect  of any  transfer  involved  in the
issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other  securities or property on
conversion  of this Note in a name  other  than that of the Holder (or in street
name),  and the  Borrower  shall not be  required  to issue or deliver  any such
shares or other  securities  or property  unless and until the person or persons
(other than the Holder or the  custodian in whose street name such shares are to
be held for the Holder's  account)  requesting  the issuance  thereof shall have
paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the
satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid.

                    (d) Delivery of Common Stock Upon  Conversion.  Upon receipt
by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission (or other reasonable
means of communication)  of a Notice of Conversion  meeting the requirements for
conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver
or  cause  to be  issued  and  delivered  to or upon  the  order  of the  Holder
certificates  for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion  within two (2)
business days after such receipt  (and,  solely in the case of conversion of the
entire  unpaid  principal  amount  hereof,  surrender of this Note) (such second
business day being hereinafter referred to as the "Deadline") in accordance with
the terms hereof and the Purchase Agreement (including,  without limitation,  in
accordance with the requirements of Section 2(g) of the Purchase  Agreement that
certificates for shares of Common Stock issued on or after the effective date of
the  Registration  Statement  upon  conversion  of this Note  shall not bear any
restrictive legend).

                    (e)  Obligation of Borrower to Deliver  Common  Stock.  Upon
receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to
be the holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such  conversion,  the
outstanding  principal  amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid  interest on
this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion,  and, unless the Borrower
defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the
portion of this Note being so converted  shall  forthwith  terminate  except the
right to receive the Common Stock or other securities,  cash or other assets, as
herein provided, on such conversion.  If the Holder shall have given a Notice of
Conversion as provided  herein,  the Borrower's  obligation to issue and deliver
the  certificates  for  Common  Stock  shall  be  absolute  and   unconditional,
irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any
waiver or consent with  respect to any  provision  thereof,  the recovery of any
judgment  against any person or any action to enforce  the same,  any failure or
delay in the  enforcement of any other  obligation of the Borrower to the holder
of record, or any setoff, counterclaim,  recoupment,  limitation or termination,
or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower,
and  irrespective  of any other  circumstance  which might  otherwise limit such
obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The
Conversion  Date  specified in the Notice of Conversion  shall be the Conversion
Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is received by the Borrower before 6:00
p.m., New York, New York time, on such date.

                                       6
<PAGE>
                    (f) Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu
of delivering physical certificates  representing the Common Stock issuable upon
conversion,  provided the  Borrower's  transfer  agent is  participating  in the
Depository  Trust Company ("DTC") Fast Automated  Securities  Transfer  ("FAST")
program,  upon  request  of the Holder and its  compliance  with the  provisions
contained in Section 1.1 and in this  Section  1.4,  the Borrower  shall use its
best efforts to cause its transfer agent to  electronically  transmit the Common
Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  to the  Holder by  crediting  the  account of
Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit  Withdrawal  Agent Commission
("DWAC") system.

                    (g)  Failure  to Deliver  Common  Stock  Prior to  Deadline.
Without  in any way  limiting  the  Holder's  right to  pursue  other  remedies,
including  actual damages  and/or  equitable  relief,  the parties agree that if
delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note is more than
two (2) days after the Deadline  (other than a failure due to the  circumstances
described in Section 1.3 above, which failure shall be governed by such Section)
the Borrower shall pay to the Holder $2,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond
the Deadline  that the Borrower  fails to deliver such Common  Stock.  Such cash
amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month
in which it has accrued  or, at the option of the Holder (by  written  notice to
the Borrower by the first day of the month  following  the month in which it has
accrued),  shall be added to the  principal  amount of this Note, in which event
interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note and such
additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance
with the terms of this Note.

               1.5  Concerning  the Shares.  The shares of Common Stock issuable
upon  conversion  of this Note may not be sold or  transferred  unless  (i) such
shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or
(ii) the  Borrower  or its  transfer  agent  shall have been  furnished  with an
opinion  of  counsel  (which  opinion  shall be in  form,  substance  and  scope
customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that
the shares to be sold or transferred  may be sold or transferred  pursuant to an
exemption  from such  registration  or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred
pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor  rule)  ("Rule  144") or (iv)
such shares are  transferred to an  "affiliate"  (as defined in Rule 144) of the
Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise  transfer the shares only in accordance
with this  Section  1.5 and who is an  Accredited  Investor  (as  defined in the
Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and
subject  to the  removal  provisions  set forth  below),  until such time as the
shares  of  Common  Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  of this  Note  have  been
registered under the Act as contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement or
otherwise  may be sold  pursuant to Rule 144 without any  restriction  as to the
number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately  sold,
each  certificate  for shares of Common Stock  issuable upon  conversion of this
Note that has not been so included in an  effective  registration  statement  or
that has not been sold  pursuant to an  effective  registration  statement or an
exemption that permits removal of the legend,  shall bear a legend substantially
in the following form, as appropriate:

                                       7
<PAGE>
             "THE  SECURITIES  REPRESENTED BY THIS  CERTIFICATE  HAVE NOT
             BEEN  REGISTERED  UNDER  THE  SECURITIES  ACT  OF  1933,  AS
             AMENDED.  THE  SECURITIES  MAY NOT BE SOLD,  TRANSFERRED  OR
             ASSIGNED  IN  THE  ABSENCE  OF  AN  EFFECTIVE   REGISTRATION
             STATEMENT FOR THE  SECURITIES  UNDER SAID ACT, OR AN OPINION
             OF  COUNSEL  IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE  AND  SCOPE  CUSTOMARY  FOR
             OPINIONS  OF  COUNSEL  IN  COMPARABLE   TRANSACTIONS,   THAT
             REGISTRATION  IS NOT  REQUIRED  UNDER SAID ACT  UNLESS  SOLD
             PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT."

               The legend set forth  above  shall be  removed  and the  Borrower
shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefor free of any transfer legend
if (i) the  Borrower or its  transfer  agent  shall have  received an opinion of
counsel,  in form,  substance  and scope  customary  for  opinions of counsel in
comparable  transactions,  to the effect  that a public sale or transfer of such
Common Stock may be made without  registration  under the Act and the shares are
so sold or  transferred,  (ii) such Holder provides the Borrower or its transfer
agent with reasonable  assurances that the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note (to the extent such  securities are deemed to have been acquired on
the  same  date)  can be sold  pursuant  to Rule 144 or (iii) in the case of the
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note, such security is registered
for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the
Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any  restriction as to
the number of  securities as of a particular  date that can then be  immediately
sold.  Nothing in this Note shall (i) limit the Borrower's  obligation under the
Registration Rights Agreement or (ii) affect in any way the Holder's obligations
to comply with applicable  prospectus  delivery  requirements upon the resale of
the securities referred to herein.

               1.6 Effect of Certain Events.

                    (a) Effect of Merger,  Consolidation,  Etc. At the option of
the Holder,  the sale,  conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or
series of related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting power of the
Borrower  is  disposed  of,  or the  consolidation,  merger  or  other  business
combination  of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined below) or
Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either:  (i) be deemed to be
an Event of Default (as defined in Article  III)  pursuant to which the Borrower
shall  be  required  to pay to the  Holder  upon  the  consummation  of and as a
condition to such  transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined
in Article III) or (ii) be treated  pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof.  "Person"
shall mean any individual,  corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
association, trust or other entity or organization.

                                       8
<PAGE>
                    (b) Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any
time when this Note is issued and  outstanding and prior to conversion of all of
the  Notes,  there  shall be any  merger,  consolidation,  exchange  of  shares,
recapitalization,  reorganization,  or other similar event, as a result of which
shares of  Common  Stock of the  Borrower  shall be  changed  into the same or a
different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of
the Borrower or another  entity,  or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or
substantially  all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a
plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall
thereafter  have the right to receive  upon  conversion  of this Note,  upon the
basis and upon the  terms and  conditions  specified  herein  and in lieu of the
shares of Common Stock immediately  theretofore  issuable upon conversion,  such
stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive
in such  transaction had this Note been converted in full  immediately  prior to
such  transaction  (without  regard to any  limitations  on conversion set forth
herein), and in any such case appropriate  provisions shall be made with respect
to the  rights  and  interests  of the  Holder  of this Note to the end that the
provisions hereof (including,  without limitation,  provisions for adjustment of
the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the
Note)  shall  thereafter  be  applicable,  as  nearly as may be  practicable  in
relation to any securities or assets thereafter  deliverable upon the conversion
hereof. The Borrower shall not effect any transaction  described in this Section
1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives,  to the extent  practicable,  thirty (30) days
prior written  notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written
notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or
if  there  is  no  such  record  date,   the   consummation   of,  such  merger,
consolidation,  exchange of shares,  recapitalization,  reorganization  or other
similar event or sale of assets  (during which time the Holder shall be entitled
to convert this Note) and (b) the  resulting  successor or acquiring  entity (if
not the Borrower) assumes by written  instrument the obligations of this Section
1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations,
mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

                    (c)  Adjustment Due to  Distribution.  If the Borrower shall
declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets)
to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase,  by way of return of
capital or otherwise  (including any dividend or  distribution to the Borrower's
shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of
a subsidiary  (i.e.,  a spin-off)) (a  "Distribution"),  then the Holder of this
Note  shall be  entitled,  upon any  conversion  of this Note  after the date of
record for determining  shareholders  entitled to such Distribution,  to receive
the  amount of such  assets  which  would have been  payable to the Holder  with
respect to the shares of Common Stock  issuable  upon such  conversion  had such
Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the
determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.

                    (d)  Adjustment  Due to Dilutive  Issuance.  If, at any time
when any Notes are issued and  outstanding,  the Borrower issues or sells, or in
accordance with this Section 1.6(d) hereof is deemed to have issued or sold, any
shares of Common Stock for no  consideration  or for a  consideration  per share
(before  deduction  of  reasonable   expenses  or  commissions  or  underwriting
discounts or allowances in connection  therewith) less than the Fixed Conversion
Price in effect on the date of such issuance (or deemed issuance) of such shares
of Common  Stock (a "Dilutive  Issuance"),  then  immediately  upon the Dilutive
Issuance,  the Fixed  Conversion  Price  will be  reduced  to the  amount of the
consideration  per share  received by the  Borrower in such  Dilutive  Issuance;
provided that only one adjustment will be made for each Dilutive Issuance.

                                       9
<PAGE>
               The  Borrower  shall be deemed to have  issued or sold  shares of
Common Stock if the Borrower in any manner issues or grants any warrants, rights
or options,  whether or not  immediately  exercisable,  to  subscribe  for or to
purchase Common Stock or other  securities  convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock  ("Convertible  Securities") (such warrants,  rights and options to
purchase Common Stock or Convertible  Securities are hereinafter  referred to as
"Options")  and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable  upon the
exercise of such Options is less than the Fixed Conversion Price then in effect,
then the Fixed  Conversion  Price  shall be equal to such price per  share.  For
purposes of the preceding sentence,  the "price per share for which Common Stock
is issuable upon the exercise of such Options" is determined by dividing (i) the
total amount,  if any,  received or receivable by the Borrower as  consideration
for the  issuance or granting of all such  Options,  plus the minimum  aggregate
amount of  additional  consideration,  if any,  payable to the Borrower upon the
exercise  of all  such  Options,  plus,  in the case of  Convertible  Securities
issuable  upon the exercise of such  Options,  the minimum  aggregate  amount of
additional  consideration payable upon the conversion or exchange thereof at the
time such Convertible  Securities first become  convertible or exchangeable,  by
(ii) the  maximum  total  number of shares of  Common  Stock  issuable  upon the
exercise  of  all  such  Options   (assuming  full   conversion  of  Convertible
Securities,  if applicable).  No further adjustment to the Conversion Price will
be made upon the actual  issuance of such Common Stock upon the exercise of such
Options or upon the  conversion or exchange of Convertible  Securities  issuable
upon exercise of such Options.

               Additionally, the Borrower shall be deemed to have issued or sold
shares  of  Common  Stock if the  Borrower  in any  manner  issues  or sells any
Convertible Securities, whether or not immediately convertible (other than where
the same are issuable upon the exercise of Options), and the price per share for
which Common Stock is issuable upon such conversion or exchange is less than the
Fixed Conversion Price then in effect,  then the Fixed Conversion Price shall be
equal to such price per share. For the purposes of the preceding  sentence,  the
"price per share for which  Common  Stock is issuable  upon such  conversion  or
exchange" is determined by dividing (i) the total  amount,  if any,  received or
receivable by the Borrower as consideration for the issuance or sale of all such
Convertible  Securities,   plus  the  minimum  aggregate  amount  of  additional
consideration,  if any,  payable to the Borrower upon the conversion or exchange
thereof at the time such  Convertible  Securities  first become  convertible  or
exchangeable,  by (ii) the  maximum  total  number of  shares  of  Common  Stock
issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities.  No
further  adjustment to the Fixed  Conversion  Price will be made upon the actual
issuance of such Common Stock upon  conversion  or exchange of such  Convertible
Securities.

               (e)  Purchase  Rights.  If, at any time when any Notes are issued
and  outstanding,  the Borrower issues any  convertible  securities or rights to
purchase stock,  warrants,  securities or other property (the "Purchase Rights")
pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock,  then the Holder of
this  Note will be  entitled  to  acquire,  upon the  terms  applicable  to such
Purchase  Rights,  the  aggregate  Purchase  Rights which such Holder could have
acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon  complete  conversion of this Note (without  regard to any  limitations  on
conversion  contained herein)  immediately  before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant,  issuance  or sale of such  Purchase  Rights or, if no such
record is taken,  the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to
be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

                                       10
<PAGE>
               (f) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment
or readjustment of the Conversion  Price as a result of the events  described in
this Section 1.6, the  Borrower,  at its expense,  shall  promptly  compute such
adjustment  or  readjustment  and  prepare  and  furnish  to  the  Holder  of  a
certificate  setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail
the facts upon which such  adjustment  or  readjustment  is based.  The Borrower
shall,  upon the  written  request  at any time of the  Holder,  furnish to such
Holder a like  certificate  setting forth (i) such  adjustment or  readjustment,
(ii) the  Conversion  Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares
of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at
the time would be received upon conversion of the Note.

          1.7 Trading  Market  Limitations.  Unless  permitted by the applicable
rules and  regulations  of the principal  securities  market on which the Common
Stock is then  listed or  traded,  in no event  shall the  Borrower  issue  upon
conversion  of or  otherwise  pursuant to this Note and the other  Notes  issued
pursuant to the  Purchase  Agreement  more than the maximum  number of shares of
Common Stock that the Borrower can issue  pursuant to any rule of the  principal
United  States  securities  market on which the Common Stock is then traded (the
"Maximum Share Amount"),  which shall be 19.99% of the total shares  outstanding
on the Closing Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), subject to equitable
adjustment from time to time for stock splits,  stock  dividends,  combinations,
capital  reorganizations  and  similar  events  relating  to  the  Common  Stock
occurring  after the date hereof.  Once the Maximum Share Amount has been issued
(the date of which is hereinafter referred to as the "Maximum Conversion Date"),
if the Borrower fails to eliminate any prohibitions  under applicable law or the
rules or  regulations of any stock  exchange,  interdealer  quotation  system or
other self-regulatory organization with jurisdiction over the Borrower or any of
its  securities  on the  Borrower's  ability to issue  shares of Common Stock in
excess of the Maximum Share Amount (a "Trading  Market  Prepayment  Event"),  in
lieu of any further right to convert this Note, and in full  satisfaction of the
Borrower's  obligations  under this Note,  the Borrower shall pay to the Holder,
within fifteen (15) business days of the Maximum  Conversion  Date (the "Trading
Market Prepayment  Date"), an amount equal to 130% times the sum of (a) the then
outstanding  principal  amount of this Note  immediately  following  the Maximum
Conversion  Date, plus (b) accrued and unpaid  interest on the unpaid  principal
amount of this Note to the  Trading  Market  Prepayment  Date,  plus (c) Default
Interest,  if any,  on the  amounts  referred to in clause (a) and/or (b) above,
plus  (d)  any  optional  amounts  that  may be  added  thereto  at the  Maximum
Conversion  Date by the Holder in  accordance  with the terms  hereof  (the then
outstanding  principal  amount of this Note  immediately  following  the Maximum
Conversion  Date, plus the amounts referred to in clauses (b), (c) and (d) above
shall collectively be referred to as the "Remaining  Convertible Amount").  With
respect to each Holder of Notes,  the Maximum  Share  Amount shall refer to such
Holder's pro rata share thereof determined in accordance with Section 4.8 below.
In the event that the sum of (x) the aggregate  number of shares of Common Stock
issued upon  conversion of this Note and the other Notes issued  pursuant to the
Purchase  Agreement plus (y) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that
remain issuable upon conversion of this Note and the other Notes issued pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, represents at least one hundred percent (100%) of the
Maximum Share Amount (the  "Triggering  Event"),  the Borrower will use its best
efforts to seek and obtain Shareholder  Approval (or obtain such other relief as
will allow conversions  hereunder in excess of the Maximum Share Amount) as soon
as practicable  following the Triggering Event and before the Maximum Conversion
Date. As used herein,  "Shareholder Approval" means approval by the stockholders
of the Borrower to authorize the issuance of the full number of shares of Common
Stock which would be issuable upon full conversion of the then outstanding Notes
but for the Maximum Share Amount.

                                       11
<PAGE>
          1.8 Status as  Stockholder.  Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion
by a Holder,  (i) the shares  covered  thereby  (other than the shares,  if any,
which  cannot be issued  because  their  issuance  would  exceed  such  Holder's
allocated  portion of the  Reserved  Amount or Maximum  Share  Amount)  shall be
deemed  converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder's  rights as a
Holder of such  converted  portion  of this  Note  shall  cease  and  terminate,
excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock
and to any remedies  provided herein or otherwise  available at law or in equity
to such Holder  because of a failure by the Borrower to comply with the terms of
this  Note.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  if  a  Holder  has  not  received
certificates  for all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th)  business
day after the  expiration  of the Deadline  with respect to a conversion  of any
portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to
retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying  the Borrower) the
Holder  shall  regain the  rights of a Holder of this Note with  respect to such
unconverted   portions  of  this  Note  and  the  Borrower  shall,  as  soon  as
practicable,  return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not
been  surrendered,  adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note
has not been converted.  In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights
and remedies (including, without limitation, (i) the right to receive Conversion
Default Payments pursuant to Section 1.3 to the extent required thereby for such
Conversion  Default and any subsequent  Conversion Default and (ii) the right to
have the Conversion Price with respect to subsequent  conversions  determined in
accordance with Section 1.3) for the Borrower's failure to convert this Note.

                         Article II. CERTAIN COVENANTS

          2.1 Distributions on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have
any  obligation  under this Note,  the  Borrower  shall not without the Holder's
written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment,  any dividend or
other distribution  (whether in cash, property or other securities) on shares of
capital stock other than  dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form
of  additional  shares of Common Stock or (b) directly or  indirectly or through
any subsidiary  make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital
stock except for distributions  pursuant to any shareholders'  rights plan which
is approved by a majority of the Borrower's disinterested directors.

          2.2  Restriction on Stock  Repurchases.  So long as the Borrower shall
have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder's
written consent redeem,  repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in
exchange for property or other  securities or otherwise) in any one  transaction
or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or
any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares.

                                       12
<PAGE>
          2.3  Borrowings.  So long as the  Borrower  shall have any  obligation
under this Note, the Borrower shall not,  without the Holder's  written consent,
create,  incur,  assume or suffer to exist any  liability  for  borrowed  money,
except (a)  borrowings in existence or committed on the date hereof and of which
the  Borrower  has  informed  Holder in writing  prior to the date  hereof,  (b)
indebtedness  to trade  creditors  or  financial  institutions  incurred  in the
ordinary  course of business or (c)  borrowings,  the proceeds of which shall be
used to repay this Note.

          2.4 Sale of Assets.  So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation
under this Note, the Borrower shall not,  without the Holder's  written consent,
sell,  lease or  otherwise  dispose  of any  significant  portion  of its assets
outside the ordinary  course of business.  Any consent to the disposition of any
assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition.

          2.5  Advances  and  Loans.  So long as the  Borrower  shall  have  any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder's written
consent,  lend money,  give credit or make advances to any person,  firm,  joint
venture or corporation,  including,  without  limitation,  officers,  directors,
employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except loans, credits or
advances (a) in existence or committed on the date hereof and which the Borrower
has  informed  Holder  in  writing  prior  to the date  hereof,  (b) made in the
ordinary course of business or (c) not in excess of $50,000.

          2.6  Contingent  Liabilities.  So long as the Borrower  shall have any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder's written
consent, assume, guarantee, endorse, contingently agree to purchase or otherwise
become  liable upon the  obligation  of any  person,  firm,  partnership,  joint
venture or corporation,  except by the endorsement of negotiable instruments for
deposit or  collection  and except  assumptions,  guarantees,  endorsements  and
contingencies  (a) in  existence  or  committed on the date hereof and which the
Borrower  has  informed  Holder in  writing  prior to the date  hereof,  and (b)
similar transactions in the ordinary course of business.

                         Article III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

          If any of  the  following  events  of  default  (each,  an  "Event  of
Default") shall occur:

          3.1 Failure to Pay  Principal or Interest.  The Borrower  fails to pay
the  principal  hereof or  interest  thereon  when due on this Note,  whether at
maturity,  upon a Trading Market  Prepayment Event pursuant to Section 1.7, upon
acceleration or otherwise;

          3.2 Conversion  and the Shares.  The Borrower fails to issue shares of
Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens that it will not honor its
obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the
Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note (for a period of at least sixty
(60) days, if such failure is solely as a result of the  circumstances  governed

                                       13
<PAGE>
by  Section  1.3 and the  Borrower  is using its best  efforts  to  authorize  a
sufficient  number of shares of Common Stock as soon as  practicable),  fails to
transfer  or  cause  its  transfer  agent  to  transfer  (electronically  or  in
certificated  form) any  certificate  for shares of Common  Stock  issued to the
Holder  upon  conversion  of or  otherwise  pursuant  to this  Note as and  when
required by this Note or the Registration  Rights Agreement,  or fails to remove
any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect
thereof) on any  certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder
upon  conversion  of or otherwise  pursuant to this Note as and when required by
this Note or the  Registration  Rights  Agreement  (or  makes any  announcement,
statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the  obligations  described
in  this  paragraph)  and  any  such  failure  shall  continue  uncured  (or any
announcement,  statement  or threat  not to honor its  obligations  shall not be
rescinded  in  writing)  for ten (10) days  after the  Borrower  shall have been
notified thereof in writing by the Holder;

          3.3 Failure to Timely File  Registration or Effect  Registration.  The
Borrower  fails  to file the  Registration  Statement  within  sixty  (60)  days
following  the Closing  Date (as defined in the  Purchase  Agreement)  or obtain
effectiveness  with the Securities and Exchange  Commission of the  Registration
Statement within one hundred  thirty-five  (135) days following the Closing Date
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or such Registration  Statement lapses in
effect (or sales  cannot  otherwise  be made  thereunder  effective,  whether by
reason of the Borrower's failure to amend or supplement the prospectus  included
therein in accordance with the  Registration  Rights Agreement or otherwise) for
more than  twenty  (20)  consecutive  days or forty (40) days in any twelve (12)
month period after the Registration Statement becomes effective;

          3.4 Breach of Covenants.  The Borrower  breaches any material covenant
or other  material  term or condition  contained in Sections  1.3, 1.6 or 1.7 of
this Note,  or  Sections  4(c),  4(e),  4(h),  4(i),  4(j) or 5 of the  Purchase
Agreement and such breach  continues for a period of ten (10) days after written
notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder;

          3.5 Breach of  Representations  and Warranties.  Any representation or
warranty  of  the  Borrower  made  herein  or in  any  agreement,  statement  or
certificate  given  in  writing  pursuant  hereto  or  in  connection   herewith
(including,  without  limitation,  the Purchase  Agreement and the  Registration
Rights  Agreement),  shall be false or misleading  in any material  respect when
made and the  breach of which  has (or with the  passage  of time  will  have) a
material  adverse  effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note,
the Purchase Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement;

          3.6  Receiver  or  Trustee.  The  Borrower  or any  subsidiary  of the
Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors,  or apply for or
consent to the  appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial
part of its property or business,  or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise
be appointed;

          3.7 Judgments.  Any money  judgment,  writ or similar process shall be
entered or filed  against the Borrower or any  subsidiary of the Borrower or any
of its  property  or other  assets  for more  than  $50,000,  and  shall  remain
unvacated,  unbonded  or  unstayed  for a period  of  twenty  (20)  days  unless
otherwise  consented to by the Holder,  which  consent will not be  unreasonably
withheld;

                                       14
<PAGE>
          3.8 Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization or liquidation
proceedings or other  proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law
for the relief of debtors  shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any
subsidiary of the Borrower;

          3.9 Delisting of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the
listing  of the  Common  Stock on at  least  one of the  OTCBB or an  equivalent
replacement  exchange,  the Nasdaq National Market,  the Nasdaq SmallCap Market,
the New York Stock Exchange, or the American Stock Exchange; or

          3.10 Default  Under Other Notes.  An Event of Default has occurred and
is  continuing  under any of the other Notes  issued  pursuant  to the  Purchase
Agreement, then, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of
Default  specified in Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.7, 3.9, or 3.10, at the
option of the Holders of a majority  of the  aggregate  principal  amount of the
outstanding Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement  exercisable through
the delivery of written  notice to the  Borrower by such  Holders (the  "Default
Notice"),  and upon the  occurrence of an Event of Default  specified in Section
3.6 or 3.8, the Notes shall become  immediately due and payable and the Borrower
shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations  hereunder,  an
amount  equal  to the  greater  of (i)  130%  times  the  sum  of (w)  the  then
outstanding  principal  amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest
on the  unpaid  principal  amount  of this  Note to the  date  of  payment  (the
"Mandatory  Prepayment Date") plus (y) Default Interest,  if any, on the amounts
referred to in clauses  (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any  amounts  owed to the Holder
pursuant to Sections  1.3 and 1.4(g)  hereof or pursuant to Section  2(c) of the
Registration  Rights  Agreement (the then  outstanding  principal amount of this
Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and
(z) shall collectively be known as the "Default Sum") or (ii) the "parity value"
of the  Default  Sum to be  prepaid,  where  parity  value means (a) the highest
number of shares  of Common  Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  of or  otherwise
pursuant to such Default Sum in accordance  with Article I, treating the Trading
Day immediately preceding the Mandatory Prepayment Date as the "Conversion Date"
for purposes of determining the lowest applicable  Conversion Price,  unless the
Default Event arises as a result of a breach in respect of a specific Conversion
Date  in  which  case  such  Conversion  Date  shall  be the  Conversion  Date),
multiplied  by (b) the highest  Closing  Price for the Common  Stock  during the
period  beginning  on the date of first  occurrence  of the Event of Default and
ending one day prior to the Mandatory Prepayment Date (the "Default Amount") and
all other amounts payable  hereunder shall  immediately  become due and payable,
all without  demand,  presentment  or notice,  all of which hereby are expressly
waived, together with all costs, including,  without limitation,  legal fees and
expenses, of collection,  and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other
rights and remedies  available at law or in equity. If the Borrower fails to pay
the Default  Amount  within five (5) business  days of written  notice that such
amount is due and payable,  then the Holder shall have the right at any time, so
long as the  Borrower  remains  in default  (and so long and to the extent  that
there are sufficient  authorized shares), to require the Borrower,  upon written
notice,  to  immediately  issue,  in lieu of the Default  Amount,  the number of
shares of Common Stock of the Borrower  equal to the Default  Amount  divided by
the Conversion Price then in effect.

                                       15
<PAGE>
                           Article IV. MISCELLANEOUS

          4.1 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver.  No failure or delay on the part
of the Holder in the exercise of any power,  right or privilege  hereunder shall
operate as a waiver  thereof,  nor shall any single or partial  exercise  of any
such power,  right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of
any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder
are  cumulative  to, and not  exclusive  of, any  rights or  remedies  otherwise
available.

          4.2 Notices. Any notice herein required or permitted to be given shall
be in writing and may be  personally  served or  delivered by courier or sent by
United  States  mail and  shall be deemed to have been  given  upon  receipt  if
personally served (which shall include telephone line facsimile transmission) or
sent by courier or three (3) days after  being  deposited  in the United  States
mail, certified,  with postage pre-paid and properly addressed, if sent by mail.
For the  purposes  hereof,  the  address of the Holder  shall be as shown on the
records of the  Borrower;  and the  address of the  Borrower  shall be 12268 Via
Latina,  Del Mar,  California 92914,  facsimile number:  858-481-2207.  Both the
Holder and the Borrower may change the address for service by service of written
notice to the other as herein provided.

          4.3 Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended
by an  instrument  in writing  signed by the Borrower  and the Holder.  The term
"Note" and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean
this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase  Agreement)
as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented,  then as so amended
or supplemented.

          4.4  Assignability.  This Note shall be binding  upon the Borrower and
its successors and assigns,  and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and
its successors and assigns.  Each transferee of this Note must be an "accredited
investor" (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act).  Notwithstanding anything
in this  Note to the  contrary,  this  Note  may be  pledged  as  collateral  in
connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.

          4.5 Cost of  Collection.  If  default  is made in the  payment of this
Note, the Borrower  shall pay the Holder hereof costs of  collection,  including
reasonable attorneys' fees.

          4.6  Governing  Law.  THIS NOTE  SHALL BE  ENFORCED,  GOVERNED  BY AND
CONSTRUED IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK  APPLICABLE  TO
AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED  ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE,  WITHOUT REGARD
TO THE  PRINCIPLES  OF  CONFLICT OF LAWS.  THE  BORROWER  HEREBY  SUBMITS TO THE
EXCLUSIVE  JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK,
NEW YORK WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE  ARISING  UNDER THIS NOTE,  THE  AGREEMENTS
ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION  HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS  CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR
THEREBY.  BOTH PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO
THE  MAINTENANCE  OF SUCH SUIT OR  PROCEEDING.  BOTH PARTIES  FURTHER AGREE THAT
SERVICE OF PROCESS  UPON A PARTY  MAILED BY FIRST  CLASS MAIL SHALL BE DEEMED IN
EVERY  RESPECT  EFFECTIVE  SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THE PARTY IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR
PROCEEDING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT EITHER PARTY'S RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN
ANY  OTHER  MANNER   PERMITTED  BY  LAW.   BOTH  PARTIES   AGREE  THAT  A  FINAL
NON-APPEALABLE  JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING  SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND
MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER  JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON SUCH JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER
LAWFUL  MANNER.  THE PARTY WHICH DOES NOT PREVAIL IN ANY DISPUTE  ARISING  UNDER
THIS NOTE SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL FEES AND EXPENSES,  INCLUDING  ATTORNEYS'
FEES, INCURRED BY THE PREVAILING PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH DISPUTE.

                                       16
<PAGE>
          4.7 Certain  Amounts.  Whenever  pursuant to this Note the Borrower is
required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding  principal amount (or the
portion  thereof  required  to be paid at that  time)  plus  accrued  and unpaid
interest  plus Default  Interest on such  interest,  the Borrower and the Holder
agree that the actual  damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on
this Note may be  difficult  to  determine  and the  amount to be so paid by the
Borrower  represents  stipulated  damages  and not a penalty  and is intended to
compensate  the Holder in part for loss of the  opportunity to convert this Note
and to earn a return  from the sale of  shares  of Common  Stock  acquired  upon
conversion  of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such  shares
pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount
of stipulated  damages is not plainly  disproportionate  to the possible loss to
the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert
this Note into shares of Common Stock.

          4.8  Allocations  of Maximum  Share  Amount and Reserved  Amount.  The
Maximum  Share Amount and Reserved  Amount shall be allocated pro rata among the
Holders of Notes  based on the  principal  amount of such  Notes  issued to each
Holder.  Each increase to the Maximum Share Amount and Reserved  Amount shall be
allocated pro rata among the Holders of Notes based on the  principal  amount of
such Notes held by each Holder at the time of the increase in the Maximum  Share
Amount  or  Reserved  Amount.  In the  event a Holder  shall  sell or  otherwise
transfer any of such Holder's Notes,  each  transferee  shall be allocated a pro
rata portion of such transferor's  Maximum Share Amount and Reserved Amount. Any
portion of the Maximum Share Amount or Reserved  Amount which remains  allocated
to any person or entity  which does not hold any Notes shall be allocated to the
remaining Holders of Notes, pro rata based on the principal amount of such Notes
then held by such Holders.

          4.9 Damages Shares. The shares of Common Stock that may be issuable to
the Holder  pursuant to Sections  1.3 and 1.4(g)  hereof and pursuant to Section
2(c) of the Registration Rights Agreement ("Damages Shares") shall be treated as
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note for all purposes  hereof and
shall be subject to all of the limitations and afforded all of the rights of the
other shares of Common Stock issuable  hereunder,  including without limitation,
the right to be included in the  Registration  Statement  filed  pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement.  For purposes of calculating  interest payable on
the outstanding  principal amount hereof,  except as otherwise  provided herein,
amounts  convertible  into Damages  Shares  ("Damages  Amounts")  shall not bear
interest  but must be  converted  prior  to the  conversion  of any  outstanding
principal amount hereof, until the outstanding Damages Amounts is zero.

                                       17
<PAGE>
          4.10  Denominations.  At the request of the Holder,  upon surrender of
this  Note,  the  Borrower  shall  promptly  issue  new  Notes in the  aggregate
outstanding  principal amount hereof, in the form hereof, in such  denominations
of at least $50,000 as the Holder shall request.

          4.11 Purchase  Agreement.  By its acceptance of this Note, each Holder
agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.

          4.12 Notice of Corporate Events.  Except as otherwise  provided below,
the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common  Stock unless
and only to the  extent  that it  converts  this Note  into  Common  Stock.  The
Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior  notification of any meeting of the
Borrower's  shareholders  (and copies of proxy  materials and other  information
sent to shareholders). In the event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of
its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to
receive  payment of any dividend or other  distribution,  any right to subscribe
for, purchase or otherwise acquire  (including by way of merger,  consolidation,
reclassification  or  recapitalization)  any  share of any  class  or any  other
securities  or property,  or to receive any other  right,  or for the purpose of
determining  shareholders  who  are  entitled  to vote in  connection  with  any
proposed sale, lease or conveyance of all or substantially  all of the assets of
the  Borrower  or any  proposed  liquidation,  dissolution  or winding up of the
Borrower,  the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder,  at least twenty (20)
days prior to the record  date  specified  therein (or thirty (30) days prior to
the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date
on which  any such  record  is to be taken  for the  purpose  of such  dividend,
distribution,  right or other event, and a brief statement  regarding the amount
and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent
known at such time. The Borrower shall make a public  announcement  of any event
requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with
the  notification  to the Holder in  accordance  with the terms of this  Section
4.12.

          4.13 Remedies.  The Borrower  acknowledges  that a breach by it of its
obligations  hereunder will cause  irreparable harm to the Holder,  by vitiating
the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly,  the
Borrower  acknowledges  that the  remedy at law for a breach of its  obligations
under  this  Note will be  inadequate  and  agrees,  in the event of a breach or
threatened  breach by the  Borrower  of the  provisions  of this Note,  that the
Holder shall be entitled,  in addition to all other available remedies at law or
in equity, and in addition to the penalties  assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining,  preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof,  without the necessity of
showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

                             Article V. CALL OPTION

          5.1 Call Option. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Article V, so long as (i) no Event of Default or Trading Market  Prepayment
Event shall have occurred and be continuing,  (ii) the Borrower has a sufficient
number of  authorized  shares of Common Stock  reserved  for issuance  upon full


                                       18
<PAGE>
conversion  of the Notes,  then at any time after the Issue Date,  and (iii) the
Common Stock is trading at or below $.02 per share,  the Borrower shall have the
right,  exercisable  on not less than ten (10) Trading Days prior written notice
to the Holders of the Notes (which  notice may not be sent to the Holders of the
Notes  until the  Borrower  is  permitted  to prepay the Notes  pursuant to this
Section 5.1),  to prepay all of the  outstanding  Notes in accordance  with this
Section 5.1. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an "Optional Prepayment") shall
be delivered to the Holders of the Notes at their registered addresses appearing
on the books and records of the  Borrower  and shall state (1) that the Borrower
is exercising  its right to prepay all of the Notes issued on the Issue Date and
(2) the date of prepayment (the "Optional Prepayment Notice"). On the date fixed
for prepayment (the "Optional Prepayment Date"), the Borrower shall make payment
of the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined below) to or upon the order of the
Holders as  specified by the Holders in writing to the Borrower at least one (1)
business day prior to the Optional  Prepayment  Date. If the Borrower  exercises
its right to prepay the Notes, the Borrower shall make payment to the holders of
an amount in cash (the  "Optional  Prepayment  Amount") equal to either (i) 130%
(for prepayments occurring within thirty (30) days of the Issue Date), (ii) 140%
for  prepayments  occurring  between  thirty-one (31) and sixty (60) days of the
Issue Date, or (iii) 150% (for  prepayments  occurring after the sixtieth (60th)
day following the Issue Date), multiplied by the sum of (w) the then outstanding
principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid
principal  amount of this Note to the Optional  Prepayment Date plus (y) Default
Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x) plus (z) any
amounts  owed to the  Holder  pursuant  to  Sections  1.3 and  1.4(g)  hereof or
pursuant  to  Section  2(c)  of the  Registration  Rights  Agreement  (the  then
outstanding  principal  amount  of this  Note to the  date of  payment  plus the
amounts  referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall  collectively be known as
the  "Optional   Prepayment  Sum").   Notwithstanding   notice  of  an  Optional
Prepayment, the Holders shall at all times prior to the Optional Prepayment Date
maintain the right to convert all or any portion of the Notes in accordance with
Article I and any  portion of Notes so  converted  after  receipt of an Optional
Prepayment  Notice and prior to the Optional  Prepayment  Date set forth in such
notice and payment of the aggregate Optional Prepayment Amount shall be deducted
from the  principal  amount of Notes which are  otherwise  subject to prepayment
pursuant to such notice. If the Borrower delivers an Optional  Prepayment Notice
and fails to pay the Optional  Prepayment Amount due to the Holders of the Notes
within two (2)  business  days  following  the  Optional  Prepayment  Date,  the
Borrower  shall forever  forfeit its right to redeem the Notes  pursuant to this
Section 5.1.






                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                       19
<PAGE>




          IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its
name by its duly authorized officer this 17th day of December, 2004.


                                          PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.



                                          By: /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                              -----------------
                                              Edward Litwak
                                              President

                                       20


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dec2320048kex44.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.4





          THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
          REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
          "ACT").  THE  SECURITIES  MAY NOT BE  SOLD,  TRANSFERRED  OR
          ASSIGNED  IN  THE  ABSENCE  OF  AN  EFFECTIVE   REGISTRATION
          STATEMENT FOR THE  SECURITIES  UNDER SAID ACT, OR AN OPINION
          OF  COUNSEL  IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE  AND  SCOPE  CUSTOMARY  FOR
          OPINIONS  OF  COUNSEL  IN   COMPARABLE   TRANSACTIONS   THAT
          REGISTRATION  IS NOT REQUIRED  UNDER SAID ACT OR UNLESS SOLD
          PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT.


                        CALLABLE SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE

Del Mar, California
December 17, 2004                                                       $210,000

          FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS,  INC., a Nevada
corporation  (hereinafter called the "Borrower"),  hereby promises to pay to the
order of AJW PARTNERS,  LLC or registered  assigns (the "Holder") the sum of Two
Hundred Ten Thousand  Dollars  ($210,000),  on December 17, 2007 (the  "Maturity
Date"),  and to pay interest on the unpaid principal  balance hereof at the rate
of ten percent  (10%) per annum from  December 17, 2004 (the "Issue Date") until
the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by
prepayment or otherwise.  Any amount of principal or interest on this Note which
is not paid when due shall bear  interest at the rate of fifteen  percent  (15%)
per annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid ("Default Interest").
Interest  shall  commence  accruing on the issue date,  shall be computed on the
basis of a  365-day  year and the  actual  number of days  elapsed  and shall be
payable,  quarterly  on March 31, June 30,  September 30 and December 31 of each
year  beginning on December 31, 2004.  All payments due hereunder (to the extent
not converted into common stock, $.001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the
"Common  Stock") in  accordance  with the terms  hereof) shall be made in lawful
money of the  United  States  of  America.  All  payments  shall be made at such
address as the Holder shall  hereafter  give to the  Borrower by written  notice
made in  accordance  with the  provisions  of this  Note.  Whenever  any  amount
expressed  to be due by the  terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a
business day, the same shall instead be due on the next  succeeding day which is
a business  day and, in the case of any  interest  payment date which is not the
date on which this Note is paid in full,  the  extension of the due date thereof
shall not be taken  into  account  for  purposes  of  determining  the amount of
interest due on such date. As used in this Note,  the term  "business day" shall
mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks in
the city of New York,  New York are  authorized  or required by law or executive
order to remain closed.  Each  capitalized  term used herein,  and not otherwise
defined,  shall have the meaning  ascribed  thereto in that  certain  Securities
Purchase  Agreement,  dated  December 17, 2004,  pursuant to which this Note was
originally issued (the "Purchase Agreement").


<PAGE>

          This Note is free from all taxes,  liens, claims and encumbrances with
respect to the issue  thereof and shall not be subject to  preemptive  rights or
other  similar  rights  of  stockholders  of the  Borrower  and will not  impose
personal  liability  upon the holder  thereof.  The  obligations of the Borrower
under this Note shall be secured by that  certain  Security  Agreement  and that
certain Intellectual Property Security Agreement by and between the Borrower and
the Holder, each dated December 17, 2004.

          The following terms shall apply to this Note:

                          Article I. CONVERSION RIGHTS

          1.1  Conversion  Right.  The Holder  shall have the right from time to
time,  and at any time on or prior to the earlier of (i) the  Maturity  Date and
(ii) the date of  payment of the  Default  Amount  (as  defined in Article  III)
pursuant to Section  1.6(a) or Article III, the Optional  Prepayment  Amount (as
defined in Section 5.1 or any payments  pursuant to Section 1.7, each in respect
of the remaining outstanding principal amount of this Note to convert all or any
part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this Note into fully paid
and  non-assessable  shares of Common Stock,  as such Common Stock exists on the
Issue Date, or any shares of capital  stock or other  securities of the Borrower
into which such Common Stock shall  hereafter be changed or  reclassified at the
conversion  price (the  "Conversion  Price")  determined  as provided  herein (a
"Conversion");  provided, however, that in no event shall the Holder be entitled
to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that  portion of this Note upon
conversion  of  which  the sum of (1) the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock
beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common
Stock  which may be deemed  beneficially  owned  through  the  ownership  of the
unconverted  portion of the Notes or the  unexercised or unconverted  portion of
any other security of the Borrower (including,  without limitation, the warrants
issued  by  the  Borrower  pursuant  to the  Purchase  Agreement)  subject  to a
limitation  on  conversion or exercise  analogous to the  limitations  contained
herein)  and (2) the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  issuable  upon  the
conversion  of the portion of this Note with respect to which the  determination
of this  proviso is being made,  would  result in  beneficial  ownership  by the
Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.9% of the outstanding  shares of Common
Stock.  For  purposes  of the  proviso to the  immediately  preceding  sentence,
beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  and Regulations 13D-G thereunder,
except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The number of shares
of  Common  Stock to be  issued  upon  each  conversion  of this  Note  shall be
determined  by  dividing  the  Conversion  Amount  (as  defined  below)  by  the
applicable  Conversion  Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice
of  conversion,  in the form  attached  hereto  as  Exhibit  A (the  "Notice  of
Conversion"), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section
1.4 below;  provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile (or
by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the
Borrower  before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the
"Conversion  Date").  The term  "Conversion  Amount" means,  with respect to any
conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal  amount of this Note to be
converted in such  conversion plus (2) accrued and unpaid  interest,  if any, on
such  principal  amount  at the  interest  rates  provided  in this  Note to the
Conversion Date plus (3) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in
the  immediately  preceding  clauses  (1)  and/or  (2) plus (4) at the  Holder's
option,  any amounts  owed to the Holder  pursuant  to  Sections  1.3 and 1.4(g)
hereof  or  pursuant  to  Section  2(c)  of  that  certain  Registration  Rights
Agreement,  dated as of  December  17,  2004,  executed in  connection  with the
initial  issuance of this Note and the other Notes issued on the Issue Date (the
"Registration Rights Agreement").

                                       2
<PAGE>
          1.2 Conversion Price.

               (a) Calculation of Conversion  Price.  The Conversion Price shall
be the lesser of (i) the Variable  Conversion Price (as defined herein) and (ii)
the Fixed  Conversion  Price (as  defined  herein)  (subject,  in each case,  to
equitable  adjustments for stock splits,  stock dividends or rights offerings by
the Borrower  relating to the  Borrower's  securities  or the  securities of any
subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations,  recapitalization,  reclassifications,
extraordinary distributions and similar events). The "Variable Conversion Price"
shall mean the  Applicable  Percentage  (as defined  herein)  multiplied  by the
Market Price (as defined herein). "Market Price" means the average of the lowest
three (3) Trading  Prices (as  defined  below) for the Common  Stock  during the
twenty  (20)  Trading  Day period  ending one  Trading Day prior to the date the
Conversion  Notice is sent by the  Holder to the  Borrower  via  facsimile  (the
"Conversion Date").  "Trading Price" means, for any security as of any date, the
intraday trading price on the  Over-the-Counter  Bulletin Board (the "OTCBB") as
reported by a reliable  reporting  service mutually  acceptable to and hereafter
designated  by Holders of a majority in  interest of the Notes and the  Borrower
or, if the OTCBB is not the  principal  trading  market for such  security,  the
intraday trading price of such security on the principal  securities exchange or
trading  market  where  such  security  is listed or traded  or, if no  intraday
trading price of such security is available in any of the foregoing manners, the
average of the intraday  trading  prices of any market  makers for such security
that are listed in the "pink sheets" by the National  Quotation Bureau,  Inc. If
the Trading  Price cannot be  calculated  for such  security on such date in the
manner  provided  above,  the Trading  Price  shall be the fair market  value as
mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of
the Notes being  converted  for which the  calculation  of the Trading  Price is
required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. "Trading Day"
shall  mean any day on which the  Common  Stock is traded  for any period on the
OTCBB, or on the principal  securities  exchange or other  securities  market on
which the Common Stock is then being traded.  "Applicable Percentage" shall mean
60.0%. The "Fixed Conversion Price" shall mean $.02.

               (b) Conversion Price During Major Announcements.  Notwithstanding
anything contained in Section 1.2(a) to the contrary,  in the event the Borrower
(i) makes a public announcement that it intends to consolidate or merge with any
other corporation (other than a merger in which the Borrower is the surviving or
continuing  corporation  and its capital stock is unchanged) or sell or transfer
all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or (ii) any person, group

                                       3
<PAGE>
or entity (including the Borrower) publicly announces a tender offer to purchase
50% or more of the Borrower's  Common Stock (or any other takeover  scheme) (the
date of the  announcement  referred  to in  clause  (i) or  (ii) is  hereinafter
referred  to as the  "Announcement  Date"),  then the  Conversion  Price  shall,
effective  upon  the  Announcement  Date and  continuing  through  the  Adjusted
Conversion Price  Termination Date (as defined below),  be equal to the lower of
(x) the  Conversion  Price which  would have been  applicable  for a  Conversion
occurring  on the  Announcement  Date and (y) the  Conversion  Price  that would
otherwise be in effect. From and after the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination
Date,  the  Conversion  Price shall be  determined  as set forth in this Section
1.2(a). For purposes hereof,  "Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date" shall
mean,  with  respect to any  proposed  transaction  or tender offer (or takeover
scheme) for which a public  announcement  as contemplated by this Section 1.2(b)
has been  made,  the date upon  which the  Borrower  (in the case of clause  (i)
above)  or the  person,  group or  entity  (in the case of  clause  (ii)  above)
consummates or publicly announces the termination or abandonment of the proposed
transaction  or tender  offer (or  takeover  scheme)  which  caused this Section
1.2(b) to become operative.

          1.3  Authorized  Shares.  Subject  to the  Stockholder  Approval,  the
Borrower  covenants  that during the period the  conversion  right  exists,  the
Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient
number of shares,  free from preemptive  rights,  to provide for the issuance of
Common  Stock upon the full  conversion  of this Note and the other Notes issued
pursuant to the  Purchase  Agreement.  The  Borrower is required at all times to
have authorized and reserved two (2) times the number of shares that is actually
issuable upon full conversion of the Notes (based on the Conversion Price of the
Notes or the  Exercise  Price of the  Warrants in effect from time to time) (the
"Reserved Amount").  The Reserved Amount shall be increased from time to time in
accordance  with the  Borrower's  obligations  pursuant  to Section  4(h) of the
Purchase Agreement. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will
be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.  In addition,  if the
Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital  structure
which  would  change the  number of shares of Common  Stock into which the Notes
shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at
the  same  time  make  proper  provision  so that  thereafter  there  shall be a
sufficient  number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved,  free from
preemptive  rights,  for conversion of the outstanding  Notes.  The Borrower (i)
acknowledges  that it has  irrevocably  instructed  its transfer  agent to issue
certificates  for the Common Stock  issuable upon  conversion of this Note,  and
(ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall  constitute  full  authority to
its  officers  and  agents  who are  charged  with the duty of  executing  stock
certificates  to  execute  and issue the  necessary  certificates  for shares of
Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

          If, at any time a Holder of this Note submits a Notice of  Conversion,
and the Borrower  does not have  sufficient  authorized  but unissued  shares of
Common  Stock  available  to  effect  such  conversion  in  accordance  with the
provisions of this Article I (a "Conversion  Default"),  subject to Section 4.8,
the  Borrower  shall issue to the Holder all of the shares of Common Stock which
are then available to effect such conversion. The portion of this Note which the
Holder  included in its Conversion  Notice and which exceeds the amount which is
then  convertible  into available  shares of Common Stock (the "Excess  Amount")
shall,  notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary  contained  herein,  not be
convertible  into Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof until (and at
the  Holder's  option at any time  after) the date  additional  shares of Common
Stock are  authorized by the Borrower to permit such  conversion,  at which time
the  Conversion  Price  in  respect  thereof  shall  be the  lesser  of (i)  the
Conversion Price on the Conversion  Default Date (as defined below) and (ii) the
Conversion  Price on the  Conversion  Date  thereafter  elected by the Holder in
respect  thereof.  In addition,  the Borrower  shall pay to the Holder  payments
("Conversion  Default  Payments") for a Conversion  Default in the amount of (x)
the sum of (1) the then  outstanding  principal  amount  of this  Note  plus (2)

                                       4
<PAGE>
accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid  principal amount of this Note through
the Authorization Date (as defined below) plus (3) Default Interest,  if any, on
the  amounts  referred  to in clauses  (1) and/or  (2),  multiplied  by (y) .24,
multiplied by (z) (N/365),  where N = the number of days from the day the holder
submits  a  Notice  of  Conversion  giving  rise to a  Conversion  Default  (the
"Conversion  Default  Date") to the date  (the  "Authorization  Date")  that the
Borrower  authorizes  a  sufficient  number of shares of Common  Stock to effect
conversion of the full outstanding  principal balance of this Note. The Borrower
shall use its best efforts to authorize a sufficient  number of shares of Common
Stock as soon as  practicable  following  the  earlier of (i) such time that the
Holder notifies the Borrower or that the Borrower  otherwise  becomes aware that
there are or likely will be insufficient authorized and unissued shares to allow
full conversion thereof and (ii) a Conversion  Default.  The Borrower shall send
notice to the Holder of the  authorization of additional shares of Common Stock,
the  Authorization  Date and the amount of Holder's accrued  Conversion  Default
Payments.  The accrued Conversion Default Payments for each calendar month shall
be paid in cash or shall be convertible into Common Stock (at such time as there
are sufficient  authorized shares of Common Stock) at the applicable  Conversion
Price, at the Borrower's option, as follows:

               (a) In the event Holder elects to take such payment in cash, cash
payment  shall be made to Holder by the fifth  (5th) day of the month  following
the month in which it has accrued; and

               (b) In the event  Holder  elects to take such  payment  in Common
Stock,  the Holder may convert  such  payment  amount  into Common  Stock at the
Conversion  Price (as in effect at the time of conversion) at any time after the
fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued in accordance
with the terms of this Article I (so long as there is then a  sufficient  number
of authorized shares of Common Stock).

          The Holder's  election shall be made in writing to the Borrower at any
time prior to 6:00 p.m.,  New York, New York time, on the third day of the month
following the month in which  Conversion  Default  payments have accrued.  If no
election is made,  the Holder shall be deemed to have  elected to receive  cash.
Nothing  herein shall limit the Holder's  right to pursue actual damages (to the
extent in excess of the Conversion  Default Payments) for the Borrower's failure
to maintain a sufficient  number of authorized  shares of Common Stock, and each
holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available at law or in equity
(including degree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief).

          1.4 Method of Conversion.

               (a)  Mechanics of  Conversion.  Subject to Section 1.1, this Note
may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time
after the Issue Date,  by (A)  submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion
(by  facsimile or other  reasonable  means of  communication  dispatched  on the
Conversion  Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to
Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of the Borrower.

                                       5
<PAGE>
               (b) Surrender of Note Upon Conversion.  Notwithstanding  anything
to the contrary set forth  herein,  upon  conversion  of this Note in accordance
with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically  surrender
this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note
is so converted.  The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the
principal  amount so converted  and the dates of such  conversions  or shall use
such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as
not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the
event of any  dispute or  discrepancy,  such  records of the  Borrower  shall be
controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Holder
may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first  physically  surrenders  this
Note to the Borrower,  whereupon the Borrower will  forthwith  issue and deliver
upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor,  registered as the Holder
(upon  payment  by the Holder of any  applicable  transfer  taxes) may  request,
representing  in the  aggregate the remaining  unpaid  principal  amount of this
Note. The Holder and any assignee,  by acceptance of this Note,  acknowledge and
agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph,  following conversion
of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted  principal  amount of this
Note  represented  by this Note may be less than the  amount  stated on the face
hereof.

               (c) Payment of Taxes.  The Borrower  shall not be required to pay
any tax which may be payable in respect of any  transfer  involved  in the issue
and  delivery  of shares of Common  Stock or other  securities  or  property  on
conversion  of this Note in a name  other  than that of the Holder (or in street
name),  and the  Borrower  shall not be  required  to issue or deliver  any such
shares or other  securities  or property  unless and until the person or persons
(other than the Holder or the  custodian in whose street name such shares are to
be held for the Holder's  account)  requesting  the issuance  thereof shall have
paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the
satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid.

               (d) Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the
Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile  transmission (or other reasonable means
of  communication)  of a Notice  of  Conversion  meeting  the  requirements  for
conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver
or  cause  to be  issued  and  delivered  to or upon  the  order  of the  Holder
certificates  for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion  within two (2)
business days after such receipt  (and,  solely in the case of conversion of the
entire  unpaid  principal  amount  hereof,  surrender of this Note) (such second
business day being hereinafter referred to as the "Deadline") in accordance with
the terms hereof and the Purchase Agreement (including,  without limitation,  in
accordance with the requirements of Section 2(g) of the Purchase  Agreement that
certificates for shares of Common Stock issued on or after the effective date of
the  Registration  Statement  upon  conversion  of this Note  shall not bear any
restrictive legend).

               (e) Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock.  Upon receipt
by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion,  the Holder shall be deemed to be the
holder  of  record of the  Common  Stock  issuable  upon  such  conversion,  the
outstanding  principal  amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid  interest on
this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion,  and, unless the Borrower
defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the
portion of this Note being so converted  shall  forthwith  terminate  except the
right to receive the Common Stock or other securities,  cash or other assets, as


                                       6
<PAGE>
herein provided, on such conversion.  If the Holder shall have given a Notice of
Conversion as provided  herein,  the Borrower's  obligation to issue and deliver
the  certificates  for  Common  Stock  shall  be  absolute  and   unconditional,
irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any
waiver or consent with  respect to any  provision  thereof,  the recovery of any
judgment  against any person or any action to enforce  the same,  any failure or
delay in the  enforcement of any other  obligation of the Borrower to the holder
of record, or any setoff, counterclaim,  recoupment,  limitation or termination,
or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower,
and  irrespective  of any other  circumstance  which might  otherwise limit such
obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The
Conversion  Date  specified in the Notice of Conversion  shall be the Conversion
Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is received by the Borrower before 6:00
p.m., New York, New York time, on such date.

               (f) Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic  Transfer.  In lieu of
delivering  physical  certificates  representing  the Common Stock issuable upon
conversion,  provided the  Borrower's  transfer  agent is  participating  in the
Depository  Trust Company ("DTC") Fast Automated  Securities  Transfer  ("FAST")
program,  upon  request  of the Holder and its  compliance  with the  provisions
contained in Section 1.1 and in this  Section  1.4,  the Borrower  shall use its
best efforts to cause its transfer agent to  electronically  transmit the Common
Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  to the  Holder by  crediting  the  account of
Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit  Withdrawal  Agent Commission
("DWAC") system.

               (g) Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in
any way limiting the Holder's right to pursue other remedies,  including  actual
damages  and/or  equitable  relief,  the  parties  agree that if delivery of the
Common Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  of this Note is more than two (2) days
after the Deadline (other than a failure due to the  circumstances  described in
Section 1.3 above, which failure shall be governed by such Section) the Borrower
shall pay to the Holder $2,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline
that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock.  Such cash amount shall be
paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has
accrued  or, at the option of the Holder (by written  notice to the  Borrower by
the first day of the month  following the month in which it has accrued),  shall
be added to the  principal  amount of this Note, in which event  interest  shall
accrue  thereon in  accordance  with the terms of this Note and such  additional
principal  amount shall be convertible  into Common Stock in accordance with the
terms of this Note.

          1.5  Concerning  the Shares.  The shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion  of this Note may not be sold or  transferred  unless (i) such shares
are sold pursuant to an effective  registration  statement under the Act or (ii)
the Borrower or its transfer  agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of
counsel  (which  opinion  shall be in form,  substance  and scope  customary for
opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to
be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred  pursuant to an exemption from
such registration or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred  pursuant to Rule
144 under the Act (or a  successor  rule)  ("Rule  144") or (iv) such shares are
transferred  to an  "affiliate"  (as  defined in Rule 144) of the  Borrower  who
agrees to sell or  otherwise  transfer the shares only in  accordance  with this
Section  1.5 and who is an  Accredited  Investor  (as  defined  in the  Purchase
Agreement).  Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject
to the removal  provisions  set forth  below),  until such time as the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note have been  registered  under
the Act as contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately  sold, each certificate for
shares of Common Stock  issuable upon  conversion of this Note that has not been
so included in an  effective  registration  statement  or that has not been sold
pursuant to an effective  registration  statement  or an exemption  that permits
removal of the legend,  shall bear a legend substantially in the following form,
as appropriate:

                                       7
<PAGE>
          "THE  SECURITIES  REPRESENTED BY THIS  CERTIFICATE  HAVE NOT
          BEEN  REGISTERED  UNDER  THE  SECURITIES  ACT  OF  1933,  AS
          AMENDED.  THE  SECURITIES  MAY NOT BE SOLD,  TRANSFERRED  OR
          ASSIGNED  IN  THE  ABSENCE  OF  AN  EFFECTIVE   REGISTRATION
          STATEMENT FOR THE  SECURITIES  UNDER SAID ACT, OR AN OPINION
          OF  COUNSEL  IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE  AND  SCOPE  CUSTOMARY  FOR
          OPINIONS  OF  COUNSEL  IN  COMPARABLE   TRANSACTIONS,   THAT
          REGISTRATION  IS NOT  REQUIRED  UNDER SAID ACT  UNLESS  SOLD
          PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT."

          The legend set forth  above shall be removed  and the  Borrower  shall
issue to the Holder a new  certificate  therefor free of any transfer  legend if
(i) the  Borrower  or its  transfer  agent  shall  have  received  an opinion of
counsel,  in form,  substance  and scope  customary  for  opinions of counsel in
comparable  transactions,  to the effect  that a public sale or transfer of such
Common Stock may be made without  registration  under the Act and the shares are
so sold or  transferred,  (ii) such Holder provides the Borrower or its transfer
agent with reasonable  assurances that the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note (to the extent such  securities are deemed to have been acquired on
the  same  date)  can be sold  pursuant  to Rule 144 or (iii) in the case of the
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note, such security is registered
for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the
Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any  restriction as to
the number of  securities as of a particular  date that can then be  immediately
sold.  Nothing in this Note shall (i) limit the Borrower's  obligation under the
Registration Rights Agreement or (ii) affect in any way the Holder's obligations
to comply with applicable  prospectus  delivery  requirements upon the resale of
the securities referred to herein.

          1.6 Effect of Certain Events.

               (a) Effect of Merger,  Consolidation,  Etc.  At the option of the
Holder,  the sale,  conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower,  the  effectuation  by the Borrower of a transaction  or
series of related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting power of the
Borrower  is  disposed  of,  or the  consolidation,  merger  or  other  business
combination  of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined below) or
Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either:  (i) be deemed to be
an Event of Default (as defined in Article  III)  pursuant to which the Borrower
shall  be  required  to pay to the  Holder  upon  the  consummation  of and as a
condition to such  transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined
in Article III) or (ii) be treated  pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof.  "Person"
shall mean any individual,  corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
association, trust or other entity or organization.

                                       8
<PAGE>
               (b) Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time
when this Note is issued and  outstanding  and prior to conversion of all of the
Notes,   there  shall  be  any  merger,   consolidation,   exchange  of  shares,
recapitalization,  reorganization,  or other similar event, as a result of which
shares of  Common  Stock of the  Borrower  shall be  changed  into the same or a
different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of
the Borrower or another  entity,  or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or
substantially  all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a
plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall
thereafter  have the right to receive  upon  conversion  of this Note,  upon the
basis and upon the  terms and  conditions  specified  herein  and in lieu of the
shares of Common Stock immediately  theretofore  issuable upon conversion,  such
stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive
in such  transaction had this Note been converted in full  immediately  prior to
such  transaction  (without  regard to any  limitations  on conversion set forth
herein), and in any such case appropriate  provisions shall be made with respect
to the  rights  and  interests  of the  Holder  of this Note to the end that the
provisions hereof (including,  without limitation,  provisions for adjustment of
the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the
Note)  shall  thereafter  be  applicable,  as  nearly as may be  practicable  in
relation to any securities or assets thereafter  deliverable upon the conversion
hereof. The Borrower shall not effect any transaction  described in this Section
1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives,  to the extent  practicable,  thirty (30) days
prior written  notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written
notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or
if  there  is  no  such  record  date,   the   consummation   of,  such  merger,
consolidation,  exchange of shares,  recapitalization,  reorganization  or other
similar event or sale of assets  (during which time the Holder shall be entitled
to convert this Note) and (b) the  resulting  successor or acquiring  entity (if
not the Borrower) assumes by written  instrument the obligations of this Section
1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations,
mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

               (c) Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare
or make any  distribution  of its assets (or  rights to acquire  its  assets) to
holders of Common  Stock as a dividend,  stock  repurchase,  by way of return of
capital or otherwise  (including any dividend or  distribution to the Borrower's
shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of
a subsidiary  (i.e.,  a spin-off)) (a  "Distribution"),  then the Holder of this
Note  shall be  entitled,  upon any  conversion  of this Note  after the date of
record for determining  shareholders  entitled to such Distribution,  to receive
the  amount of such  assets  which  would have been  payable to the Holder  with
respect to the shares of Common Stock  issuable  upon such  conversion  had such
Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the
determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.

               (d) Adjustment Due to Dilutive Issuance. If, at any time when any
Notes are issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues or sells, or in accordance
with this Section  1.6(d) hereof is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of
Common  Stock for no  consideration  or for a  consideration  per share  (before
deduction of reasonable  expenses or  commissions or  underwriting  discounts or
allowances  in connection  therewith)  less than the Fixed  Conversion  Price in
effect on the date of such  issuance  (or  deemed  issuance)  of such  shares of
Common  Stock (a  "Dilutive  Issuance"),  then  immediately  upon  the  Dilutive
Issuance,  the Fixed  Conversion  Price  will be  reduced  to the  amount of the
consideration  per share  received by the  Borrower in such  Dilutive  Issuance;
provided that only one adjustment will be made for each Dilutive Issuance.

                                       9
<PAGE>

          The  Borrower  shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of Common
Stock if the  Borrower in any manner  issues or grants any  warrants,  rights or
options, whether or not immediately exercisable, to subscribe for or to purchase
Common Stock or other  securities  convertible  into or exchangeable  for Common
Stock ("Convertible  Securities") (such warrants, rights and options to purchase
Common Stock or Convertible Securities are hereinafter referred to as "Options")
and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable  upon the exercise of
such Options is less than the Fixed  Conversion  Price then in effect,  then the
Fixed  Conversion  Price shall be equal to such price per share. For purposes of
the preceding sentence,  the "price per share for which Common Stock is issuable
upon the  exercise of such  Options"  is  determined  by dividing  (i) the total
amount,  if any, received or receivable by the Borrower as consideration for the
issuance or granting of all such Options,  plus the minimum  aggregate amount of
additional  consideration,  if any, payable to the Borrower upon the exercise of
all such Options,  plus, in the case of Convertible Securities issuable upon the
exercise  of  such  Options,   the  minimum   aggregate   amount  of  additional
consideration  payable upon the conversion or exchange  thereof at the time such
Convertible  Securities first become  convertible or  exchangeable,  by (ii) the
maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all
such  Options   (assuming  full   conversion  of  Convertible   Securities,   if
applicable). No further adjustment to the Conversion Price will be made upon the
actual  issuance of such Common  Stock upon the exercise of such Options or upon
the conversion or exchange of Convertible  Securities  issuable upon exercise of
such Options.

          Additionally,  the  Borrower  shall be deemed  to have  issued or sold
shares  of  Common  Stock if the  Borrower  in any  manner  issues  or sells any
Convertible Securities, whether or not immediately convertible (other than where
the same are issuable upon the exercise of Options), and the price per share for
which Common Stock is issuable upon such conversion or exchange is less than the
Fixed Conversion Price then in effect,  then the Fixed Conversion Price shall be
equal to such price per share. For the purposes of the preceding  sentence,  the
"price per share for which  Common  Stock is issuable  upon such  conversion  or
exchange" is determined by dividing (i) the total  amount,  if any,  received or
receivable by the Borrower as consideration for the issuance or sale of all such
Convertible  Securities,   plus  the  minimum  aggregate  amount  of  additional
consideration,  if any,  payable to the Borrower upon the conversion or exchange
thereof at the time such  Convertible  Securities  first become  convertible  or
exchangeable,  by (ii) the  maximum  total  number of  shares  of  Common  Stock
issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities.  No
further  adjustment to the Fixed  Conversion  Price will be made upon the actual
issuance of such Common Stock upon  conversion  or exchange of such  Convertible
Securities.

               (e)  Purchase  Rights.  If, at any time when any Notes are issued
and  outstanding,  the Borrower issues any  convertible  securities or rights to
purchase stock,  warrants,  securities or other property (the "Purchase Rights")
pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock,  then the Holder of
this  Note will be  entitled  to  acquire,  upon the  terms  applicable  to such
Purchase  Rights,  the  aggregate  Purchase  Rights which such Holder could have
acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon  complete  conversion of this Note (without  regard to any  limitations  on
conversion  contained herein)  immediately  before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant,  issuance  or sale of such  Purchase  Rights or, if no such
record is taken,  the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to
be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

                                       10
<PAGE>
               (f) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment
or readjustment of the Conversion  Price as a result of the events  described in
this Section 1.6, the  Borrower,  at its expense,  shall  promptly  compute such
adjustment  or  readjustment  and  prepare  and  furnish  to  the  Holder  of  a
certificate  setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail
the facts upon which such  adjustment  or  readjustment  is based.  The Borrower
shall,  upon the  written  request  at any time of the  Holder,  furnish to such
Holder a like  certificate  setting forth (i) such  adjustment or  readjustment,
(ii) the  Conversion  Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares
of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at
the time would be received upon conversion of the Note.

          1.7 Trading  Market  Limitations.  Unless  permitted by the applicable
rules and  regulations  of the principal  securities  market on which the Common
Stock is then  listed or  traded,  in no event  shall the  Borrower  issue  upon
conversion  of or  otherwise  pursuant to this Note and the other  Notes  issued
pursuant to the  Purchase  Agreement  more than the maximum  number of shares of
Common Stock that the Borrower can issue  pursuant to any rule of the  principal
United  States  securities  market on which the Common Stock is then traded (the
"Maximum Share Amount"),  which shall be 19.99% of the total shares  outstanding
on the Closing Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), subject to equitable
adjustment from time to time for stock splits,  stock  dividends,  combinations,
capital  reorganizations  and  similar  events  relating  to  the  Common  Stock
occurring  after the date hereof.  Once the Maximum Share Amount has been issued
(the date of which is hereinafter referred to as the "Maximum Conversion Date"),
if the Borrower fails to eliminate any prohibitions  under applicable law or the
rules or  regulations of any stock  exchange,  interdealer  quotation  system or
other self-regulatory organization with jurisdiction over the Borrower or any of
its  securities  on the  Borrower's  ability to issue  shares of Common Stock in
excess of the Maximum Share Amount (a "Trading  Market  Prepayment  Event"),  in
lieu of any further right to convert this Note, and in full  satisfaction of the
Borrower's  obligations  under this Note,  the Borrower shall pay to the Holder,
within fifteen (15) business days of the Maximum  Conversion  Date (the "Trading
Market Prepayment  Date"), an amount equal to 130% times the sum of (a) the then
outstanding  principal  amount of this Note  immediately  following  the Maximum
Conversion  Date, plus (b) accrued and unpaid  interest on the unpaid  principal
amount of this Note to the  Trading  Market  Prepayment  Date,  plus (c) Default
Interest,  if any,  on the  amounts  referred to in clause (a) and/or (b) above,
plus  (d)  any  optional  amounts  that  may be  added  thereto  at the  Maximum
Conversion  Date by the Holder in  accordance  with the terms  hereof  (the then
outstanding  principal  amount of this Note  immediately  following  the Maximum
Conversion  Date, plus the amounts referred to in clauses (b), (c) and (d) above
shall collectively be referred to as the "Remaining  Convertible Amount").  With
respect to each Holder of Notes,  the Maximum  Share  Amount shall refer to such
Holder's pro rata share thereof determined in accordance with Section 4.8 below.
In the event that the sum of (x) the aggregate  number of shares of Common Stock
issued upon  conversion of this Note and the other Notes issued  pursuant to the
Purchase  Agreement plus (y) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that
remain issuable upon conversion of this Note and the other Notes issued pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, represents at least one hundred percent (100%) of the
Maximum Share Amount (the  "Triggering  Event"),  the Borrower will use its best
efforts to seek and obtain Shareholder  Approval (or obtain such other relief as
will allow conversions  hereunder in excess of the Maximum Share Amount) as soon
as practicable  following the Triggering Event and before the Maximum Conversion
Date. As used herein,  "Shareholder Approval" means approval by the stockholders
of the Borrower to authorize the issuance of the full number of shares of Common
Stock which would be issuable upon full conversion of the then outstanding Notes
but for the Maximum Share Amount.

                                       11
<PAGE>
          1.8 Status as  Stockholder.  Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion
by a Holder,  (i) the shares  covered  thereby  (other than the shares,  if any,
which  cannot be issued  because  their  issuance  would  exceed  such  Holder's
allocated  portion of the  Reserved  Amount or Maximum  Share  Amount)  shall be
deemed  converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder's  rights as a
Holder of such  converted  portion  of this  Note  shall  cease  and  terminate,
excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock
and to any remedies  provided herein or otherwise  available at law or in equity
to such Holder  because of a failure by the Borrower to comply with the terms of
this  Note.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  if  a  Holder  has  not  received
certificates  for all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th)  business
day after the  expiration  of the Deadline  with respect to a conversion  of any
portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to
retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying  the Borrower) the
Holder  shall  regain the  rights of a Holder of this Note with  respect to such
unconverted   portions  of  this  Note  and  the  Borrower  shall,  as  soon  as
practicable,  return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not
been  surrendered,  adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note
has not been converted.  In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights
and remedies (including, without limitation, (i) the right to receive Conversion
Default Payments pursuant to Section 1.3 to the extent required thereby for such
Conversion  Default and any subsequent  Conversion Default and (ii) the right to
have the Conversion Price with respect to subsequent  conversions  determined in
accordance with Section 1.3) for the Borrower's failure to convert this Note.

                         Article II. CERTAIN COVENANTS

          2.1 Distributions on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have
any  obligation  under this Note,  the  Borrower  shall not without the Holder's
written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment,  any dividend or
other distribution  (whether in cash, property or other securities) on shares of
capital stock other than  dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form
of  additional  shares of Common Stock or (b) directly or  indirectly or through
any subsidiary  make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital
stock except for distributions  pursuant to any shareholders'  rights plan which
is approved by a majority of the Borrower's disinterested directors.

          2.2  Restriction on Stock  Repurchases.  So long as the Borrower shall
have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder's
written consent redeem,  repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in
exchange for property or other  securities or otherwise) in any one  transaction
or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or
any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares.

                                       12
<PAGE>
          2.3  Borrowings.  So long as the  Borrower  shall have any  obligation
under this Note, the Borrower shall not,  without the Holder's  written consent,
create,  incur,  assume or suffer to exist any  liability  for  borrowed  money,
except (a)  borrowings in existence or committed on the date hereof and of which
the  Borrower  has  informed  Holder in writing  prior to the date  hereof,  (b)
indebtedness  to trade  creditors  or  financial  institutions  incurred  in the
ordinary  course of business or (c)  borrowings,  the proceeds of which shall be
used to repay this Note.

          2.4 Sale of Assets.  So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation
under this Note, the Borrower shall not,  without the Holder's  written consent,
sell,  lease or  otherwise  dispose  of any  significant  portion  of its assets
outside the ordinary  course of business.  Any consent to the disposition of any
assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition.

          2.5  Advances  and  Loans.  So long as the  Borrower  shall  have  any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder's written
consent,  lend money,  give credit or make advances to any person,  firm,  joint
venture or corporation,  including,  without  limitation,  officers,  directors,
employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except loans, credits or
advances (a) in existence or committed on the date hereof and which the Borrower
has  informed  Holder  in  writing  prior  to the date  hereof,  (b) made in the
ordinary course of business or (c) not in excess of $50,000.

          2.6  Contingent  Liabilities.  So long as the Borrower  shall have any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder's written
consent, assume, guarantee, endorse, contingently agree to purchase or otherwise
become  liable upon the  obligation  of any  person,  firm,  partnership,  joint
venture or corporation,  except by the endorsement of negotiable instruments for
deposit or  collection  and except  assumptions,  guarantees,  endorsements  and
contingencies  (a) in  existence  or  committed on the date hereof and which the
Borrower  has  informed  Holder in  writing  prior to the date  hereof,  and (b)
similar transactions in the ordinary course of business.

                         Article III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

          If any of  the  following  events  of  default  (each,  an  "Event  of
Default") shall occur:

          3.1 Failure to Pay  Principal or Interest.  The Borrower  fails to pay
the  principal  hereof or  interest  thereon  when due on this Note,  whether at
maturity,  upon a Trading Market  Prepayment Event pursuant to Section 1.7, upon
acceleration or otherwise;

          3.2 Conversion  and the Shares.  The Borrower fails to issue shares of
Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens that it will not honor its
obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the
Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note (for a period of at least sixty
(60) days, if such failure is solely as a result of the  circumstances  governed
by  Section  1.3 and the  Borrower  is using its best  efforts  to  authorize  a
sufficient  number of shares of Common Stock as soon as  practicable),  fails to
transfer  or  cause  its  transfer  agent  to  transfer  (electronically  or  in


                                       13
<PAGE>
certificated  form) any  certificate  for shares of Common  Stock  issued to the
Holder  upon  conversion  of or  otherwise  pursuant  to this  Note as and  when
required by this Note or the Registration  Rights Agreement,  or fails to remove
any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect
thereof) on any  certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder
upon  conversion  of or otherwise  pursuant to this Note as and when required by
this Note or the  Registration  Rights  Agreement  (or  makes any  announcement,
statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the  obligations  described
in  this  paragraph)  and  any  such  failure  shall  continue  uncured  (or any
announcement,  statement  or threat  not to honor its  obligations  shall not be
rescinded  in  writing)  for ten (10) days  after the  Borrower  shall have been
notified thereof in writing by the Holder;

          3.3 Failure to Timely File  Registration or Effect  Registration.  The
Borrower  fails  to file the  Registration  Statement  within  sixty  (60)  days
following  the Closing  Date (as defined in the  Purchase  Agreement)  or obtain
effectiveness  with the Securities and Exchange  Commission of the  Registration
Statement within one hundred  thirty-five  (135) days following the Closing Date
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or such Registration  Statement lapses in
effect (or sales  cannot  otherwise  be made  thereunder  effective,  whether by
reason of the Borrower's failure to amend or supplement the prospectus  included
therein in accordance with the  Registration  Rights Agreement or otherwise) for
more than  twenty  (20)  consecutive  days or forty (40) days in any twelve (12)
month period after the Registration Statement becomes effective;

          3.4 Breach of Covenants.  The Borrower  breaches any material covenant
or other  material  term or condition  contained in Sections  1.3, 1.6 or 1.7 of
this Note,  or  Sections  4(c),  4(e),  4(h),  4(i),  4(j) or 5 of the  Purchase
Agreement and such breach  continues for a period of ten (10) days after written
notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder;

          3.5 Breach of  Representations  and Warranties.  Any representation or
warranty  of  the  Borrower  made  herein  or in  any  agreement,  statement  or
certificate  given  in  writing  pursuant  hereto  or  in  connection   herewith
(including,  without  limitation,  the Purchase  Agreement and the  Registration
Rights  Agreement),  shall be false or misleading  in any material  respect when
made and the  breach of which  has (or with the  passage  of time  will  have) a
material  adverse  effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note,
the Purchase Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement;

          3.6  Receiver  or  Trustee.  The  Borrower  or any  subsidiary  of the
Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors,  or apply for or
consent to the  appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial
part of its property or business,  or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise
be appointed;

          3.7 Judgments.  Any money  judgment,  writ or similar process shall be
entered or filed  against the Borrower or any  subsidiary of the Borrower or any
of its  property  or other  assets  for more  than  $50,000,  and  shall  remain
unvacated,  unbonded  or  unstayed  for a period  of  twenty  (20)  days  unless
otherwise  consented to by the Holder,  which  consent will not be  unreasonably
withheld;

                                       14
<PAGE>
          3.8 Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization or liquidation
proceedings or other  proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law
for the relief of debtors  shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any
subsidiary of the Borrower;

          3.9 Delisting of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the
listing  of the  Common  Stock on at  least  one of the  OTCBB or an  equivalent
replacement  exchange,  the Nasdaq National Market,  the Nasdaq SmallCap Market,
the New York Stock Exchange, or the American Stock Exchange; or

          3.10 Default  Under Other Notes.  An Event of Default has occurred and
is  continuing  under any of the other Notes  issued  pursuant  to the  Purchase
Agreement, then, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of
Default  specified in Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.7, 3.9, or 3.10, at the
option of the Holders of a majority  of the  aggregate  principal  amount of the
outstanding Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement  exercisable through
the delivery of written  notice to the  Borrower by such  Holders (the  "Default
Notice"),  and upon the  occurrence of an Event of Default  specified in Section
3.6 or 3.8, the Notes shall become  immediately due and payable and the Borrower
shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations  hereunder,  an
amount  equal  to the  greater  of (i)  130%  times  the  sum  of (w)  the  then
outstanding  principal  amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest
on the  unpaid  principal  amount  of this  Note to the  date  of  payment  (the
"Mandatory  Prepayment Date") plus (y) Default Interest,  if any, on the amounts
referred to in clauses  (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any  amounts  owed to the Holder
pursuant to Sections  1.3 and 1.4(g)  hereof or pursuant to Section  2(c) of the
Registration  Rights  Agreement (the then  outstanding  principal amount of this
Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and
(z) shall collectively be known as the "Default Sum") or (ii) the "parity value"
of the  Default  Sum to be  prepaid,  where  parity  value means (a) the highest
number of shares  of Common  Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  of or  otherwise
pursuant to such Default Sum in accordance  with Article I, treating the Trading
Day immediately preceding the Mandatory Prepayment Date as the "Conversion Date"
for purposes of determining the lowest applicable  Conversion Price,  unless the
Default Event arises as a result of a breach in respect of a specific Conversion
Date  in  which  case  such  Conversion  Date  shall  be the  Conversion  Date),
multiplied  by (b) the highest  Closing  Price for the Common  Stock  during the
period  beginning  on the date of first  occurrence  of the Event of Default and
ending one day prior to the Mandatory Prepayment Date (the "Default Amount") and
all other amounts payable  hereunder shall  immediately  become due and payable,
all without  demand,  presentment  or notice,  all of which hereby are expressly
waived, together with all costs, including,  without limitation,  legal fees and
expenses, of collection,  and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other
rights and remedies  available at law or in equity. If the Borrower fails to pay
the Default  Amount  within five (5) business  days of written  notice that such
amount is due and payable,  then the Holder shall have the right at any time, so
long as the  Borrower  remains  in default  (and so long and to the extent  that
there are sufficient  authorized shares), to require the Borrower,  upon written
notice,  to  immediately  issue,  in lieu of the Default  Amount,  the number of
shares of Common Stock of the Borrower  equal to the Default  Amount  divided by
the Conversion Price then in effect.

                                       15
<PAGE>
                           Article IV. MISCELLANEOUS

          4.1 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver.  No failure or delay on the part
of the Holder in the exercise of any power,  right or privilege  hereunder shall
operate as a waiver  thereof,  nor shall any single or partial  exercise  of any
such power,  right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of
any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder
are  cumulative  to, and not  exclusive  of, any  rights or  remedies  otherwise
available.

          4.2 Notices. Any notice herein required or permitted to be given shall
be in writing and may be  personally  served or  delivered by courier or sent by
United  States  mail and  shall be deemed to have been  given  upon  receipt  if
personally served (which shall include telephone line facsimile transmission) or
sent by courier or three (3) days after  being  deposited  in the United  States
mail, certified,  with postage pre-paid and properly addressed, if sent by mail.
For the  purposes  hereof,  the  address of the Holder  shall be as shown on the
records of the  Borrower;  and the  address of the  Borrower  shall be 12268 Via
Latina,  Del Mar,  California 92914,  facsimile number:  858-481-2207.  Both the
Holder and the Borrower may change the address for service by service of written
notice to the other as herein provided.

          4.3 Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended
by an  instrument  in writing  signed by the Borrower  and the Holder.  The term
"Note" and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean
this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase  Agreement)
as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented,  then as so amended
or supplemented.

          4.4  Assignability.  This Note shall be binding  upon the Borrower and
its successors and assigns,  and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and
its successors and assigns.  Each transferee of this Note must be an "accredited
investor" (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act).  Notwithstanding anything
in this  Note to the  contrary,  this  Note  may be  pledged  as  collateral  in
connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.

          4.5 Cost of  Collection.  If  default  is made in the  payment of this
Note, the Borrower  shall pay the Holder hereof costs of  collection,  including
reasonable attorneys' fees.

          4.6  Governing  Law.  THIS NOTE  SHALL BE  ENFORCED,  GOVERNED  BY AND
CONSTRUED IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK  APPLICABLE  TO
AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED  ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE,  WITHOUT REGARD
TO THE  PRINCIPLES  OF  CONFLICT OF LAWS.  THE  BORROWER  HEREBY  SUBMITS TO THE
EXCLUSIVE  JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK,
NEW YORK WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE  ARISING  UNDER THIS NOTE,  THE  AGREEMENTS
ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION  HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS  CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR
THEREBY.  BOTH PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO
THE  MAINTENANCE  OF SUCH SUIT OR  PROCEEDING.  BOTH PARTIES  FURTHER AGREE THAT
SERVICE OF PROCESS  UPON A PARTY  MAILED BY FIRST  CLASS MAIL SHALL BE DEEMED IN
EVERY  RESPECT  EFFECTIVE  SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THE PARTY IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR
PROCEEDING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT EITHER PARTY'S RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN
ANY  OTHER  MANNER   PERMITTED  BY  LAW.   BOTH  PARTIES   AGREE  THAT  A  FINAL
NON-APPEALABLE  JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING  SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND
MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER  JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON SUCH JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER
LAWFUL  MANNER.  THE PARTY WHICH DOES NOT PREVAIL IN ANY DISPUTE  ARISING  UNDER
THIS NOTE SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL FEES AND EXPENSES,  INCLUDING  ATTORNEYS'
FEES, INCURRED BY THE PREVAILING PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH DISPUTE.

                                       16
<PAGE>
          4.7 Certain  Amounts.  Whenever  pursuant to this Note the Borrower is
required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding  principal amount (or the
portion  thereof  required  to be paid at that  time)  plus  accrued  and unpaid
interest  plus Default  Interest on such  interest,  the Borrower and the Holder
agree that the actual  damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on
this Note may be  difficult  to  determine  and the  amount to be so paid by the
Borrower  represents  stipulated  damages  and not a penalty  and is intended to
compensate  the Holder in part for loss of the  opportunity to convert this Note
and to earn a return  from the sale of  shares  of Common  Stock  acquired  upon
conversion  of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such  shares
pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount
of stipulated  damages is not plainly  disproportionate  to the possible loss to
the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert
this Note into shares of Common Stock.

          4.8  Allocations  of Maximum  Share  Amount and Reserved  Amount.  The
Maximum  Share Amount and Reserved  Amount shall be allocated pro rata among the
Holders of Notes  based on the  principal  amount of such  Notes  issued to each
Holder.  Each increase to the Maximum Share Amount and Reserved  Amount shall be
allocated pro rata among the Holders of Notes based on the  principal  amount of
such Notes held by each Holder at the time of the increase in the Maximum  Share
Amount  or  Reserved  Amount.  In the  event a Holder  shall  sell or  otherwise
transfer any of such Holder's Notes,  each  transferee  shall be allocated a pro
rata portion of such transferor's  Maximum Share Amount and Reserved Amount. Any
portion of the Maximum Share Amount or Reserved  Amount which remains  allocated
to any person or entity  which does not hold any Notes shall be allocated to the
remaining Holders of Notes, pro rata based on the principal amount of such Notes
then held by such Holders.

          4.9 Damages Shares. The shares of Common Stock that may be issuable to
the Holder  pursuant to Sections  1.3 and 1.4(g)  hereof and pursuant to Section
2(c) of the Registration Rights Agreement ("Damages Shares") shall be treated as
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note for all purposes  hereof and
shall be subject to all of the limitations and afforded all of the rights of the
other shares of Common Stock issuable  hereunder,  including without limitation,
the right to be included in the  Registration  Statement  filed  pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement.  For purposes of calculating  interest payable on
the outstanding  principal amount hereof,  except as otherwise  provided herein,
amounts  convertible  into Damages  Shares  ("Damages  Amounts")  shall not bear
interest  but must be  converted  prior  to the  conversion  of any  outstanding
principal amount hereof, until the outstanding Damages Amounts is zero.

                                       17
<PAGE>
          4.10  Denominations.  At the request of the Holder,  upon surrender of
this  Note,  the  Borrower  shall  promptly  issue  new  Notes in the  aggregate
outstanding  principal amount hereof, in the form hereof, in such  denominations
of at least $50,000 as the Holder shall request.

          4.11 Purchase  Agreement.  By its acceptance of this Note, each Holder
agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.

          4.12 Notice of Corporate Events.  Except as otherwise  provided below,
the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common  Stock unless
and only to the  extent  that it  converts  this Note  into  Common  Stock.  The
Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior  notification of any meeting of the
Borrower's  shareholders  (and copies of proxy  materials and other  information
sent to shareholders). In the event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of
its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to
receive  payment of any dividend or other  distribution,  any right to subscribe
for, purchase or otherwise acquire  (including by way of merger,  consolidation,
reclassification  or  recapitalization)  any  share of any  class  or any  other
securities  or property,  or to receive any other  right,  or for the purpose of
determining  shareholders  who  are  entitled  to vote in  connection  with  any
proposed sale, lease or conveyance of all or substantially  all of the assets of
the  Borrower  or any  proposed  liquidation,  dissolution  or winding up of the
Borrower,  the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder,  at least twenty (20)
days prior to the record  date  specified  therein (or thirty (30) days prior to
the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date
on which  any such  record  is to be taken  for the  purpose  of such  dividend,
distribution,  right or other event, and a brief statement  regarding the amount
and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent
known at such time. The Borrower shall make a public  announcement  of any event
requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with
the  notification  to the Holder in  accordance  with the terms of this  Section
4.12.

          4.13 Remedies.  The Borrower  acknowledges  that a breach by it of its
obligations  hereunder will cause  irreparable harm to the Holder,  by vitiating
the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly,  the
Borrower  acknowledges  that the  remedy at law for a breach of its  obligations
under  this  Note will be  inadequate  and  agrees,  in the event of a breach or
threatened  breach by the  Borrower  of the  provisions  of this Note,  that the
Holder shall be entitled,  in addition to all other available remedies at law or
in equity, and in addition to the penalties  assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining,  preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof,  without the necessity of
showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

                             Article V. CALL OPTION

          5.1 Call Option. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Article V, so long as (i) no Event of Default or Trading Market  Prepayment
Event shall have occurred and be continuing,  (ii) the Borrower has a sufficient
number of  authorized  shares of Common Stock  reserved  for issuance  upon full
conversion  of the Notes,  then at any time after the Issue Date,  and (iii) the
Common Stock is trading at or below $.02 per share,  the Borrower shall have the

                                       18
<PAGE>
right,  exercisable  on not less than ten (10) Trading Days prior written notice
to the Holders of the Notes (which  notice may not be sent to the Holders of the
Notes  until the  Borrower  is  permitted  to prepay the Notes  pursuant to this
Section 5.1),  to prepay all of the  outstanding  Notes in accordance  with this
Section 5.1. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an "Optional Prepayment") shall
be delivered to the Holders of the Notes at their registered addresses appearing
on the books and records of the  Borrower  and shall state (1) that the Borrower
is exercising  its right to prepay all of the Notes issued on the Issue Date and
(2) the date of prepayment (the "Optional Prepayment Notice"). On the date fixed
for prepayment (the "Optional Prepayment Date"), the Borrower shall make payment
of the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined below) to or upon the order of the
Holders as  specified by the Holders in writing to the Borrower at least one (1)
business day prior to the Optional  Prepayment  Date. If the Borrower  exercises
its right to prepay the Notes, the Borrower shall make payment to the holders of
an amount in cash (the  "Optional  Prepayment  Amount") equal to either (i) 130%
(for prepayments occurring within thirty (30) days of the Issue Date), (ii) 140%
for  prepayments  occurring  between  thirty-one (31) and sixty (60) days of the
Issue Date, or (iii) 150% (for  prepayments  occurring after the sixtieth (60th)
day following the Issue Date), multiplied by the sum of (w) the then outstanding
principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid
principal  amount of this Note to the Optional  Prepayment Date plus (y) Default
Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x) plus (z) any
amounts  owed to the  Holder  pursuant  to  Sections  1.3 and  1.4(g)  hereof or
pursuant  to  Section  2(c)  of the  Registration  Rights  Agreement  (the  then
outstanding  principal  amount  of this  Note to the  date of  payment  plus the
amounts  referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall  collectively be known as
the  "Optional   Prepayment  Sum").   Notwithstanding   notice  of  an  Optional
Prepayment, the Holders shall at all times prior to the Optional Prepayment Date
maintain the right to convert all or any portion of the Notes in accordance with
Article I and any  portion of Notes so  converted  after  receipt of an Optional
Prepayment  Notice and prior to the Optional  Prepayment  Date set forth in such
notice and payment of the aggregate Optional Prepayment Amount shall be deducted
from the  principal  amount of Notes which are  otherwise  subject to prepayment
pursuant to such notice. If the Borrower delivers an Optional  Prepayment Notice
and fails to pay the Optional  Prepayment Amount due to the Holders of the Notes
within two (2)  business  days  following  the  Optional  Prepayment  Date,  the
Borrower  shall forever  forfeit its right to redeem the Notes  pursuant to this
Section 5.1.









                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


                                       19
<PAGE>



          IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its
name by its duly authorized officer this 17th day of December, 2004.


                                        PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.



                                        By: /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                            -----------------
                                            Edward Litwak
                                            President

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dec2320048kex45.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.5





     THE  SECURITIES   REPRESENTED  BY  THIS   CERTIFICATE  HAVE  NOT  BEEN
     REGISTERED  UNDER THE  SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "ACT").
     THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE
     OF AN EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER SAID
     ACT, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE  CUSTOMARY
     FOR OPINIONS OF COUNSEL IN COMPARABLE  TRANSACTIONS  THAT REGISTRATION
     IS NOT REQUIRED  UNDER SAID ACT OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR
     REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT.


                        CALLABLE SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE

Del Mar, California
December 17, 2004                                                        $28,000

          FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS,  INC., a Nevada
corporation  (hereinafter called the "Borrower"),  hereby promises to pay to the
order of NEW  MILLENNIUM  CAPITAL  PARTNERS II, LLC or  registered  assigns (the
"Holder") the sum of Twenty-Eight  Thousand Dollars  ($28,000),  on December 17,
2007 (the "Maturity Date"),  and to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance
hereof at the rate of ten percent  (10%) per annum from  December  17, 2004 (the
"Issue  Date") until the same  becomes due and  payable,  whether at maturity or
upon  acceleration  or by prepayment  or  otherwise.  Any amount of principal or
interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate
of fifteen  percent  (15%) per annum from the due date thereof until the same is
paid ("Default  Interest").  Interest shall commence accruing on the issue date,
shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day  year and the actual  number of days
elapsed and shall be payable,  quarterly on March 31, June 30,  September 30 and
December 31 of each year  beginning  on December  31,  2004.  All  payments  due
hereunder  (to the extent not converted  into common stock,  $.001 par value per
share, of the Borrower (the "Common Stock") in accordance with the terms hereof)
shall be made in lawful  money of the United  States of  America.  All  payments
shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower
by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note.  Whenever
any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which
is not a business day, the same shall instead be due on the next  succeeding day
which is a business day and, in the case of any  interest  payment date which is
not the date on which this Note is paid in full,  the  extension of the due date
thereof shall not be taken into account for purposes of  determining  the amount
of interest  due on such date.  As used in this Note,  the term  "business  day"
shall mean any day other than a  Saturday,  Sunday or a day on which  commercial
banks in the city of New York,  New York are  authorized  or  required by law or
executive order to remain closed.  Each  capitalized  term used herein,  and not
otherwise  defined,  shall have the  meaning  ascribed  thereto in that  certain
Securities Purchase  Agreement,  dated December 17, 2004, pursuant to which this
Note was originally issued (the "Purchase Agreement").


<PAGE>
          This Note is free from all taxes,  liens, claims and encumbrances with
respect to the issue  thereof and shall not be subject to  preemptive  rights or
other  similar  rights  of  stockholders  of the  Borrower  and will not  impose
personal  liability  upon the holder  thereof.  The  obligations of the Borrower
under this Note shall be secured by that  certain  Security  Agreement  and that
certain Intellectual Property Security Agreement by and between the Borrower and
the Holder, each dated December 17, 2004.

                  The following terms shall apply to this Note:

                          Article I. CONVERSION RIGHTS

          1.1  Conversion  Right.  The Holder  shall have the right from time to
time,  and at any time on or prior to the earlier of (i) the  Maturity  Date and
(ii) the date of  payment of the  Default  Amount  (as  defined in Article  III)
pursuant to Section  1.6(a) or Article III, the Optional  Prepayment  Amount (as
defined in Section 5.1 or any payments  pursuant to Section 1.7, each in respect
of the remaining outstanding principal amount of this Note to convert all or any
part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this Note into fully paid
and  non-assessable  shares of Common Stock,  as such Common Stock exists on the
Issue Date, or any shares of capital  stock or other  securities of the Borrower
into which such Common Stock shall  hereafter be changed or  reclassified at the
conversion  price (the  "Conversion  Price")  determined  as provided  herein (a
"Conversion");  provided, however, that in no event shall the Holder be entitled
to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that  portion of this Note upon
conversion  of  which  the sum of (1) the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock
beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common
Stock  which may be deemed  beneficially  owned  through  the  ownership  of the
unconverted  portion of the Notes or the  unexercised or unconverted  portion of
any other security of the Borrower (including,  without limitation, the warrants
issued  by  the  Borrower  pursuant  to the  Purchase  Agreement)  subject  to a
limitation  on  conversion or exercise  analogous to the  limitations  contained
herein)  and (2) the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  issuable  upon  the
conversion  of the portion of this Note with respect to which the  determination
of this  proviso is being made,  would  result in  beneficial  ownership  by the
Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.9% of the outstanding  shares of Common
Stock.  For  purposes  of the  proviso to the  immediately  preceding  sentence,
beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  and Regulations 13D-G thereunder,
except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The number of shares
of  Common  Stock to be  issued  upon  each  conversion  of this  Note  shall be
determined  by  dividing  the  Conversion  Amount  (as  defined  below)  by  the
applicable  Conversion  Price then in effect on the date specified in the notice
of  conversion,  in the form  attached  hereto  as  Exhibit  A (the  "Notice  of
Conversion"), delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section
1.4 below;  provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile (or
by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the
Borrower  before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the
"Conversion  Date").  The term  "Conversion  Amount" means,  with respect to any
conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal  amount of this Note to be
converted in such  conversion plus (2) accrued and unpaid  interest,  if any, on
such  principal  amount  at the  interest  rates  provided  in this  Note to the
Conversion Date plus (3) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in
the  immediately  preceding  clauses  (1)  and/or  (2) plus (4) at the  Holder's
option,  any amounts  owed to the Holder  pursuant  to  Sections  1.3 and 1.4(g)
hereof  or  pursuant  to  Section  2(c)  of  that  certain  Registration  Rights
Agreement,  dated as of  December  17,  2004,  executed in  connection  with the
initial  issuance of this Note and the other Notes issued on the Issue Date (the
"Registration Rights Agreement").

                                       2
<PAGE>
          1.2 Conversion Price.

               (a) Calculation of Conversion  Price.  The Conversion Price shall
be the lesser of (i) the Variable  Conversion Price (as defined herein) and (ii)
the Fixed  Conversion  Price (as  defined  herein)  (subject,  in each case,  to
equitable  adjustments for stock splits,  stock dividends or rights offerings by
the Borrower  relating to the  Borrower's  securities  or the  securities of any
subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations,  recapitalization,  reclassifications,
extraordinary distributions and similar events). The "Variable Conversion Price"
shall mean the  Applicable  Percentage  (as defined  herein)  multiplied  by the
Market Price (as defined herein). "Market Price" means the average of the lowest
three (3) Trading  Prices (as  defined  below) for the Common  Stock  during the
twenty  (20)  Trading  Day period  ending one  Trading Day prior to the date the
Conversion  Notice is sent by the  Holder to the  Borrower  via  facsimile  (the
"Conversion Date").  "Trading Price" means, for any security as of any date, the
intraday trading price on the  Over-the-Counter  Bulletin Board (the "OTCBB") as
reported by a reliable  reporting  service mutually  acceptable to and hereafter
designated  by Holders of a majority in  interest of the Notes and the  Borrower
or, if the OTCBB is not the  principal  trading  market for such  security,  the
intraday trading price of such security on the principal  securities exchange or
trading  market  where  such  security  is listed or traded  or, if no  intraday
trading price of such security is available in any of the foregoing manners, the
average of the intraday  trading  prices of any market  makers for such security
that are listed in the "pink sheets" by the National  Quotation Bureau,  Inc. If
the Trading  Price cannot be  calculated  for such  security on such date in the
manner  provided  above,  the Trading  Price  shall be the fair market  value as
mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of
the Notes being  converted  for which the  calculation  of the Trading  Price is
required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such Notes. "Trading Day"
shall  mean any day on which the  Common  Stock is traded  for any period on the
OTCBB, or on the principal  securities  exchange or other  securities  market on
which the Common Stock is then being traded.  "Applicable Percentage" shall mean
60.0%. The "Fixed Conversion Price" shall mean $.02.

               (b) Conversion Price During Major Announcements.  Notwithstanding
anything contained in Section 1.2(a) to the contrary,  in the event the Borrower
(i) makes a public announcement that it intends to consolidate or merge with any
other corporation (other than a merger in which the Borrower is the surviving or
continuing  corporation  and its capital stock is unchanged) or sell or transfer
all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or (ii) any person, group
or entity (including the Borrower) publicly announces a tender offer to purchase
50% or more of the Borrower's  Common Stock (or any other takeover  scheme) (the

                                       3
<PAGE>
date of the  announcement  referred  to in  clause  (i) or  (ii) is  hereinafter
referred  to as the  "Announcement  Date"),  then the  Conversion  Price  shall,
effective  upon  the  Announcement  Date and  continuing  through  the  Adjusted
Conversion Price  Termination Date (as defined below),  be equal to the lower of
(x) the  Conversion  Price which  would have been  applicable  for a  Conversion
occurring  on the  Announcement  Date and (y) the  Conversion  Price  that would
otherwise be in effect. From and after the Adjusted Conversion Price Termination
Date,  the  Conversion  Price shall be  determined  as set forth in this Section
1.2(a). For purposes hereof,  "Adjusted Conversion Price Termination Date" shall
mean,  with  respect to any  proposed  transaction  or tender offer (or takeover
scheme) for which a public  announcement  as contemplated by this Section 1.2(b)
has been  made,  the date upon  which the  Borrower  (in the case of clause  (i)
above)  or the  person,  group or  entity  (in the case of  clause  (ii)  above)
consummates or publicly announces the termination or abandonment of the proposed
transaction  or tender  offer (or  takeover  scheme)  which  caused this Section
1.2(b) to become operative.

          1.3  Authorized  Shares.  Subject  to the  Stockholder  Approval,  the
Borrower  covenants  that during the period the  conversion  right  exists,  the
Borrower will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient
number of shares,  free from preemptive  rights,  to provide for the issuance of
Common  Stock upon the full  conversion  of this Note and the other Notes issued
pursuant to the  Purchase  Agreement.  The  Borrower is required at all times to
have authorized and reserved two (2) times the number of shares that is actually
issuable upon full conversion of the Notes (based on the Conversion Price of the
Notes or the  Exercise  Price of the  Warrants in effect from time to time) (the
"Reserved Amount").  The Reserved Amount shall be increased from time to time in
accordance  with the  Borrower's  obligations  pursuant  to Section  4(h) of the
Purchase Agreement. The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will
be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.  In addition,  if the
Borrower shall issue any securities or make any change to its capital  structure
which  would  change the  number of shares of Common  Stock into which the Notes
shall be convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at
the  same  time  make  proper  provision  so that  thereafter  there  shall be a
sufficient  number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved,  free from
preemptive  rights,  for conversion of the outstanding  Notes.  The Borrower (i)
acknowledges  that it has  irrevocably  instructed  its transfer  agent to issue
certificates  for the Common Stock  issuable upon  conversion of this Note,  and
(ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall  constitute  full  authority to
its  officers  and  agents  who are  charged  with the duty of  executing  stock
certificates  to  execute  and issue the  necessary  certificates  for shares of
Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

          If, at any time a Holder of this Note submits a Notice of  Conversion,
and the Borrower  does not have  sufficient  authorized  but unissued  shares of
Common  Stock  available  to  effect  such  conversion  in  accordance  with the
provisions of this Article I (a "Conversion  Default"),  subject to Section 4.8,
the  Borrower  shall issue to the Holder all of the shares of Common Stock which
are then available to effect such conversion. The portion of this Note which the
Holder  included in its Conversion  Notice and which exceeds the amount which is
then  convertible  into available  shares of Common Stock (the "Excess  Amount")
shall,  notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary  contained  herein,  not be
convertible  into Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof until (and at
the  Holder's  option at any time  after) the date  additional  shares of Common
Stock are  authorized by the Borrower to permit such  conversion,  at which time
the  Conversion  Price  in  respect  thereof  shall  be the  lesser  of (i)  the
Conversion Price on the Conversion  Default Date (as defined below) and (ii) the
Conversion  Price on the  Conversion  Date  thereafter  elected by the Holder in

                                       4
<PAGE>
respect  thereof.  In addition,  the Borrower  shall pay to the Holder  payments
("Conversion  Default  Payments") for a Conversion  Default in the amount of (x)
the sum of (1) the then  outstanding  principal  amount  of this  Note  plus (2)
accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid  principal amount of this Note through
the Authorization Date (as defined below) plus (3) Default Interest,  if any, on
the  amounts  referred  to in clauses  (1) and/or  (2),  multiplied  by (y) .24,
multiplied by (z) (N/365),  where N = the number of days from the day the holder
submits  a  Notice  of  Conversion  giving  rise to a  Conversion  Default  (the
"Conversion  Default  Date") to the date  (the  "Authorization  Date")  that the
Borrower  authorizes  a  sufficient  number of shares of Common  Stock to effect
conversion of the full outstanding  principal balance of this Note. The Borrower
shall use its best efforts to authorize a sufficient  number of shares of Common
Stock as soon as  practicable  following  the  earlier of (i) such time that the
Holder notifies the Borrower or that the Borrower  otherwise  becomes aware that
there are or likely will be insufficient authorized and unissued shares to allow
full conversion thereof and (ii) a Conversion  Default.  The Borrower shall send
notice to the Holder of the  authorization of additional shares of Common Stock,
the  Authorization  Date and the amount of Holder's accrued  Conversion  Default
Payments.  The accrued Conversion Default Payments for each calendar month shall
be paid in cash or shall be convertible into Common Stock (at such time as there
are sufficient  authorized shares of Common Stock) at the applicable  Conversion
Price, at the Borrower's option, as follows:

               (a) In the event Holder elects to take such payment in cash, cash
payment  shall be made to Holder by the fifth  (5th) day of the month  following
the month in which it has accrued; and

               (b) In the event  Holder  elects to take such  payment  in Common
Stock,  the Holder may convert  such  payment  amount  into Common  Stock at the
Conversion  Price (as in effect at the time of conversion) at any time after the
fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued in accordance
with the terms of this Article I (so long as there is then a  sufficient  number
of authorized shares of Common Stock).

          The Holder's  election shall be made in writing to the Borrower at any
time prior to 6:00 p.m.,  New York, New York time, on the third day of the month
following the month in which  Conversion  Default  payments have accrued.  If no
election is made,  the Holder shall be deemed to have  elected to receive  cash.
Nothing  herein shall limit the Holder's  right to pursue actual damages (to the
extent in excess of the Conversion  Default Payments) for the Borrower's failure
to maintain a sufficient  number of authorized  shares of Common Stock, and each
holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available at law or in equity
(including degree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief).

          1.4 Method of Conversion.

               (a)  Mechanics of  Conversion.  Subject to Section 1.1, this Note
may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time
after the Issue Date,  by (A)  submitting to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion
(by  facsimile or other  reasonable  means of  communication  dispatched  on the
Conversion  Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to
Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office of the Borrower.

                                       5
<PAGE>
               (b) Surrender of Note Upon Conversion.  Notwithstanding  anything
to the contrary set forth  herein,  upon  conversion  of this Note in accordance
with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically  surrender
this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note
is so converted.  The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the
principal  amount so converted  and the dates of such  conversions  or shall use
such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as
not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the
event of any  dispute or  discrepancy,  such  records of the  Borrower  shall be
controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the Holder
may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first  physically  surrenders  this
Note to the Borrower,  whereupon the Borrower will  forthwith  issue and deliver
upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor,  registered as the Holder
(upon  payment  by the Holder of any  applicable  transfer  taxes) may  request,
representing  in the  aggregate the remaining  unpaid  principal  amount of this
Note. The Holder and any assignee,  by acceptance of this Note,  acknowledge and
agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph,  following conversion
of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted  principal  amount of this
Note  represented  by this Note may be less than the  amount  stated on the face
hereof.

               (c) Payment of Taxes.  The Borrower  shall not be required to pay
any tax which may be payable in respect of any  transfer  involved  in the issue
and  delivery  of shares of Common  Stock or other  securities  or  property  on
conversion  of this Note in a name  other  than that of the Holder (or in street
name),  and the  Borrower  shall not be  required  to issue or deliver  any such
shares or other  securities  or property  unless and until the person or persons
(other than the Holder or the  custodian in whose street name such shares are to
be held for the Holder's  account)  requesting  the issuance  thereof shall have
paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the
satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid.

               (d) Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the
Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile  transmission (or other reasonable means
of  communication)  of a Notice  of  Conversion  meeting  the  requirements  for
conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver
or  cause  to be  issued  and  delivered  to or upon  the  order  of the  Holder
certificates  for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion  within two (2)
business days after such receipt  (and,  solely in the case of conversion of the
entire  unpaid  principal  amount  hereof,  surrender of this Note) (such second
business day being hereinafter referred to as the "Deadline") in accordance with
the terms hereof and the Purchase Agreement (including,  without limitation,  in
accordance with the requirements of Section 2(g) of the Purchase  Agreement that
certificates for shares of Common Stock issued on or after the effective date of
the  Registration  Statement  upon  conversion  of this Note  shall not bear any
restrictive legend).

               (e) Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock.  Upon receipt
by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion,  the Holder shall be deemed to be the
holder  of  record of the  Common  Stock  issuable  upon  such  conversion,  the
outstanding  principal  amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid  interest on
this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion,  and, unless the Borrower
defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the
portion of this Note being so converted  shall  forthwith  terminate  except the
right to receive the Common Stock or other securities,  cash or other assets, as
herein provided, on such conversion.  If the Holder shall have given a Notice of
Conversion as provided  herein,  the Borrower's  obligation to issue and deliver
the  certificates  for  Common  Stock  shall  be  absolute  and   unconditional,
irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any
waiver or consent with  respect to any  provision  thereof,  the recovery of any
judgment  against any person or any action to enforce  the same,  any failure or
delay in the  enforcement of any other  obligation of the Borrower to the holder
of record, or any setoff, counterclaim,  recoupment,  limitation or termination,
or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower,
and  irrespective  of any other  circumstance  which might  otherwise limit such
obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. The
Conversion  Date  specified in the Notice of Conversion  shall be the Conversion
Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is received by the Borrower before 6:00
p.m., New York, New York time, on such date.

                                       6
<PAGE>
               (f) Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic  Transfer.  In lieu of
delivering  physical  certificates  representing  the Common Stock issuable upon
conversion,  provided the  Borrower's  transfer  agent is  participating  in the
Depository  Trust Company ("DTC") Fast Automated  Securities  Transfer  ("FAST")
program,  upon  request  of the Holder and its  compliance  with the  provisions
contained in Section 1.1 and in this  Section  1.4,  the Borrower  shall use its
best efforts to cause its transfer agent to  electronically  transmit the Common
Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  to the  Holder by  crediting  the  account of
Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit  Withdrawal  Agent Commission
("DWAC") system.

               (g) Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in
any way limiting the Holder's right to pursue other remedies,  including  actual
damages  and/or  equitable  relief,  the  parties  agree that if delivery of the
Common Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  of this Note is more than two (2) days
after the Deadline (other than a failure due to the  circumstances  described in
Section 1.3 above, which failure shall be governed by such Section) the Borrower
shall pay to the Holder $2,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline
that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock.  Such cash amount shall be
paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has
accrued  or, at the option of the Holder (by written  notice to the  Borrower by
the first day of the month  following the month in which it has accrued),  shall
be added to the  principal  amount of this Note, in which event  interest  shall
accrue  thereon in  accordance  with the terms of this Note and such  additional
principal  amount shall be convertible  into Common Stock in accordance with the
terms of this Note.

          1.5  Concerning  the Shares.  The shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion  of this Note may not be sold or  transferred  unless (i) such shares
are sold pursuant to an effective  registration  statement under the Act or (ii)
the Borrower or its transfer  agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of
counsel  (which  opinion  shall be in form,  substance  and scope  customary for
opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to
be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred  pursuant to an exemption from
such registration or (iii) such shares are sold or transferred  pursuant to Rule
144 under the Act (or a  successor  rule)  ("Rule  144") or (iv) such shares are
transferred  to an  "affiliate"  (as  defined in Rule 144) of the  Borrower  who
agrees to sell or  otherwise  transfer the shares only in  accordance  with this
Section  1.5 and who is an  Accredited  Investor  (as  defined  in the  Purchase
Agreement).  Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase Agreement (and subject
to the removal  provisions  set forth  below),  until such time as the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note have been  registered  under
the Act as contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately  sold, each certificate for
shares of Common Stock  issuable upon  conversion of this Note that has not been
so included in an  effective  registration  statement  or that has not been sold
pursuant to an effective  registration  statement  or an exemption  that permits
removal of the legend,  shall bear a legend substantially in the following form,
as appropriate:

                                       7
<PAGE>
      "THE  SECURITIES   REPRESENTED  BY  THIS  CERTIFICATE  HAVE  NOT  BEEN
      REGISTERED  UNDER  THE  SECURITIES  ACT  OF  1933,  AS  AMENDED.   THE
      SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD,  TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF
      AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT,
      OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE  AND SCOPE  CUSTOMARY FOR
      OPINIONS OF COUNSEL IN COMPARABLE  TRANSACTIONS,  THAT REGISTRATION IS
      NOT  REQUIRED  UNDER  SAID ACT  UNLESS  SOLD  PURSUANT  TO RULE 144 OR
      REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT."

          The legend set forth  above shall be removed  and the  Borrower  shall
issue to the Holder a new  certificate  therefor free of any transfer  legend if
(i) the  Borrower  or its  transfer  agent  shall  have  received  an opinion of
counsel,  in form,  substance  and scope  customary  for  opinions of counsel in
comparable  transactions,  to the effect  that a public sale or transfer of such
Common Stock may be made without  registration  under the Act and the shares are
so sold or  transferred,  (ii) such Holder provides the Borrower or its transfer
agent with reasonable  assurances that the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note (to the extent such  securities are deemed to have been acquired on
the  same  date)  can be sold  pursuant  to Rule 144 or (iii) in the case of the
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note, such security is registered
for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the
Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any  restriction as to
the number of  securities as of a particular  date that can then be  immediately
sold.  Nothing in this Note shall (i) limit the Borrower's  obligation under the
Registration Rights Agreement or (ii) affect in any way the Holder's obligations
to comply with applicable  prospectus  delivery  requirements upon the resale of
the securities referred to herein.

          1.6 Effect of Certain Events.

               (a) Effect of Merger,  Consolidation,  Etc.  At the option of the
Holder,  the sale,  conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower,  the  effectuation  by the Borrower of a transaction  or
series of related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting power of the
Borrower  is  disposed  of,  or the  consolidation,  merger  or  other  business
combination  of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as defined below) or
Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either:  (i) be deemed to be
an Event of Default (as defined in Article  III)  pursuant to which the Borrower
shall  be  required  to pay to the  Holder  upon  the  consummation  of and as a
condition to such  transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined
in Article III) or (ii) be treated  pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof.  "Person"
shall mean any individual,  corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
association, trust or other entity or organization.

                                       8
<PAGE>
               (b) Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time
when this Note is issued and  outstanding  and prior to conversion of all of the
Notes,   there  shall  be  any  merger,   consolidation,   exchange  of  shares,
recapitalization,  reorganization,  or other similar event, as a result of which
shares of  Common  Stock of the  Borrower  shall be  changed  into the same or a
different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of
the Borrower or another  entity,  or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or
substantially  all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a
plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall
thereafter  have the right to receive  upon  conversion  of this Note,  upon the
basis and upon the  terms and  conditions  specified  herein  and in lieu of the
shares of Common Stock immediately  theretofore  issuable upon conversion,  such
stock, securities or assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive
in such  transaction had this Note been converted in full  immediately  prior to
such  transaction  (without  regard to any  limitations  on conversion set forth
herein), and in any such case appropriate  provisions shall be made with respect
to the  rights  and  interests  of the  Holder  of this Note to the end that the
provisions hereof (including,  without limitation,  provisions for adjustment of
the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the
Note)  shall  thereafter  be  applicable,  as  nearly as may be  practicable  in
relation to any securities or assets thereafter  deliverable upon the conversion
hereof. The Borrower shall not effect any transaction  described in this Section
1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives,  to the extent  practicable,  thirty (30) days
prior written  notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written
notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or
if  there  is  no  such  record  date,   the   consummation   of,  such  merger,
consolidation,  exchange of shares,  recapitalization,  reorganization  or other
similar event or sale of assets  (during which time the Holder shall be entitled
to convert this Note) and (b) the  resulting  successor or acquiring  entity (if
not the Borrower) assumes by written  instrument the obligations of this Section
1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations,
mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.

               (c) Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare
or make any  distribution  of its assets (or  rights to acquire  its  assets) to
holders of Common  Stock as a dividend,  stock  repurchase,  by way of return of
capital or otherwise  (including any dividend or  distribution to the Borrower's
shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of
a subsidiary  (i.e.,  a spin-off)) (a  "Distribution"),  then the Holder of this
Note  shall be  entitled,  upon any  conversion  of this Note  after the date of
record for determining  shareholders  entitled to such Distribution,  to receive
the  amount of such  assets  which  would have been  payable to the Holder  with
respect to the shares of Common Stock  issuable  upon such  conversion  had such
Holder been the holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the
determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution.

               (d) Adjustment Due to Dilutive Issuance. If, at any time when any
Notes are issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues or sells, or in accordance
with this Section  1.6(d) hereof is deemed to have issued or sold, any shares of
Common  Stock for no  consideration  or for a  consideration  per share  (before
deduction of reasonable  expenses or  commissions or  underwriting  discounts or
allowances  in connection  therewith)  less than the Fixed  Conversion  Price in
effect on the date of such  issuance  (or  deemed  issuance)  of such  shares of
Common  Stock (a  "Dilutive  Issuance"),  then  immediately  upon  the  Dilutive
Issuance,  the Fixed  Conversion  Price  will be  reduced  to the  amount of the
consideration  per share  received by the  Borrower in such  Dilutive  Issuance;
provided that only one adjustment will be made for each Dilutive Issuance.

                                       9
<PAGE>
          The  Borrower  shall be deemed to have issued or sold shares of Common
Stock if the  Borrower in any manner  issues or grants any  warrants,  rights or
options, whether or not immediately exercisable, to subscribe for or to purchase
Common Stock or other  securities  convertible  into or exchangeable  for Common
Stock ("Convertible  Securities") (such warrants, rights and options to purchase
Common Stock or Convertible Securities are hereinafter referred to as "Options")
and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable  upon the exercise of
such Options is less than the Fixed  Conversion  Price then in effect,  then the
Fixed  Conversion  Price shall be equal to such price per share. For purposes of
the preceding sentence,  the "price per share for which Common Stock is issuable
upon the  exercise of such  Options"  is  determined  by dividing  (i) the total
amount,  if any, received or receivable by the Borrower as consideration for the
issuance or granting of all such Options,  plus the minimum  aggregate amount of
additional  consideration,  if any, payable to the Borrower upon the exercise of
all such Options,  plus, in the case of Convertible Securities issuable upon the
exercise  of  such  Options,   the  minimum   aggregate   amount  of  additional
consideration  payable upon the conversion or exchange  thereof at the time such
Convertible  Securities first become  convertible or  exchangeable,  by (ii) the
maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all
such  Options   (assuming  full   conversion  of  Convertible   Securities,   if
applicable). No further adjustment to the Conversion Price will be made upon the
actual  issuance of such Common  Stock upon the exercise of such Options or upon
the conversion or exchange of Convertible  Securities  issuable upon exercise of
such Options.

          Additionally,  the  Borrower  shall be deemed  to have  issued or sold
shares  of  Common  Stock if the  Borrower  in any  manner  issues  or sells any
Convertible Securities, whether or not immediately convertible (other than where
the same are issuable upon the exercise of Options), and the price per share for
which Common Stock is issuable upon such conversion or exchange is less than the
Fixed Conversion Price then in effect,  then the Fixed Conversion Price shall be
equal to such price per share. For the purposes of the preceding  sentence,  the
"price per share for which  Common  Stock is issuable  upon such  conversion  or
exchange" is determined by dividing (i) the total  amount,  if any,  received or
receivable by the Borrower as consideration for the issuance or sale of all such
Convertible  Securities,   plus  the  minimum  aggregate  amount  of  additional
consideration,  if any,  payable to the Borrower upon the conversion or exchange
thereof at the time such  Convertible  Securities  first become  convertible  or
exchangeable,  by (ii) the  maximum  total  number of  shares  of  Common  Stock
issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities.  No
further  adjustment to the Fixed  Conversion  Price will be made upon the actual
issuance of such Common Stock upon  conversion  or exchange of such  Convertible
Securities.

               (e)  Purchase  Rights.  If, at any time when any Notes are issued
and  outstanding,  the Borrower issues any  convertible  securities or rights to
purchase stock,  warrants,  securities or other property (the "Purchase Rights")
pro rata to the record holders of any class of Common Stock,  then the Holder of
this  Note will be  entitled  to  acquire,  upon the  terms  applicable  to such
Purchase  Rights,  the  aggregate  Purchase  Rights which such Holder could have
acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon  complete  conversion of this Note (without  regard to any  limitations  on
conversion  contained herein)  immediately  before the date on which a record is
taken for the grant,  issuance  or sale of such  Purchase  Rights or, if no such
record is taken,  the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock are to
be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights.

                                       10
<PAGE>
               (f) Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment
or readjustment of the Conversion  Price as a result of the events  described in
this Section 1.6, the  Borrower,  at its expense,  shall  promptly  compute such
adjustment  or  readjustment  and  prepare  and  furnish  to  the  Holder  of  a
certificate  setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail
the facts upon which such  adjustment  or  readjustment  is based.  The Borrower
shall,  upon the  written  request  at any time of the  Holder,  furnish to such
Holder a like  certificate  setting forth (i) such  adjustment or  readjustment,
(ii) the  Conversion  Price at the time in effect and (iii) the number of shares
of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at
the time would be received upon conversion of the Note.

          1.7 Trading  Market  Limitations.  Unless  permitted by the applicable
rules and  regulations  of the principal  securities  market on which the Common
Stock is then  listed or  traded,  in no event  shall the  Borrower  issue  upon
conversion  of or  otherwise  pursuant to this Note and the other  Notes  issued
pursuant to the  Purchase  Agreement  more than the maximum  number of shares of
Common Stock that the Borrower can issue  pursuant to any rule of the  principal
United  States  securities  market on which the Common Stock is then traded (the
"Maximum Share Amount"),  which shall be 19.99% of the total shares  outstanding
on the Closing Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), subject to equitable
adjustment from time to time for stock splits,  stock  dividends,  combinations,
capital  reorganizations  and  similar  events  relating  to  the  Common  Stock
occurring  after the date hereof.  Once the Maximum Share Amount has been issued
(the date of which is hereinafter referred to as the "Maximum Conversion Date"),
if the Borrower fails to eliminate any prohibitions  under applicable law or the
rules or  regulations of any stock  exchange,  interdealer  quotation  system or
other self-regulatory organization with jurisdiction over the Borrower or any of
its  securities  on the  Borrower's  ability to issue  shares of Common Stock in
excess of the Maximum Share Amount (a "Trading  Market  Prepayment  Event"),  in
lieu of any further right to convert this Note, and in full  satisfaction of the
Borrower's  obligations  under this Note,  the Borrower shall pay to the Holder,
within fifteen (15) business days of the Maximum  Conversion  Date (the "Trading
Market Prepayment  Date"), an amount equal to 130% times the sum of (a) the then
outstanding  principal  amount of this Note  immediately  following  the Maximum
Conversion  Date, plus (b) accrued and unpaid  interest on the unpaid  principal
amount of this Note to the  Trading  Market  Prepayment  Date,  plus (c) Default
Interest,  if any,  on the  amounts  referred to in clause (a) and/or (b) above,
plus  (d)  any  optional  amounts  that  may be  added  thereto  at the  Maximum
Conversion  Date by the Holder in  accordance  with the terms  hereof  (the then
outstanding  principal  amount of this Note  immediately  following  the Maximum
Conversion  Date, plus the amounts referred to in clauses (b), (c) and (d) above
shall collectively be referred to as the "Remaining  Convertible Amount").  With
respect to each Holder of Notes,  the Maximum  Share  Amount shall refer to such
Holder's pro rata share thereof determined in accordance with Section 4.8 below.
In the event that the sum of (x) the aggregate  number of shares of Common Stock
issued upon  conversion of this Note and the other Notes issued  pursuant to the
Purchase  Agreement plus (y) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that
remain issuable upon conversion of this Note and the other Notes issued pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, represents at least one hundred percent (100%) of the
Maximum Share Amount (the  "Triggering  Event"),  the Borrower will use its best
efforts to seek and obtain Shareholder  Approval (or obtain such other relief as
will allow conversions  hereunder in excess of the Maximum Share Amount) as soon
as practicable  following the Triggering Event and before the Maximum Conversion
Date. As used herein,  "Shareholder Approval" means approval by the stockholders
of the Borrower to authorize the issuance of the full number of shares of Common
Stock which would be issuable upon full conversion of the then outstanding Notes
but for the Maximum Share Amount.

                                       11
<PAGE>
          1.8 Status as  Stockholder.  Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion
by a Holder,  (i) the shares  covered  thereby  (other than the shares,  if any,
which  cannot be issued  because  their  issuance  would  exceed  such  Holder's
allocated  portion of the  Reserved  Amount or Maximum  Share  Amount)  shall be
deemed  converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder's  rights as a
Holder of such  converted  portion  of this  Note  shall  cease  and  terminate,
excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of Common Stock
and to any remedies  provided herein or otherwise  available at law or in equity
to such Holder  because of a failure by the Borrower to comply with the terms of
this  Note.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  if  a  Holder  has  not  received
certificates  for all shares of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th)  business
day after the  expiration  of the Deadline  with respect to a conversion  of any
portion of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to
retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying  the Borrower) the
Holder  shall  regain the  rights of a Holder of this Note with  respect to such
unconverted   portions  of  this  Note  and  the  Borrower  shall,  as  soon  as
practicable,  return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not
been  surrendered,  adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note
has not been converted.  In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights
and remedies (including, without limitation, (i) the right to receive Conversion
Default Payments pursuant to Section 1.3 to the extent required thereby for such
Conversion  Default and any subsequent  Conversion Default and (ii) the right to
have the Conversion Price with respect to subsequent  conversions  determined in
accordance with Section 1.3) for the Borrower's failure to convert this Note.

                         Article II. CERTAIN COVENANTS

          2.1 Distributions on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have
any  obligation  under this Note,  the  Borrower  shall not without the Holder's
written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment,  any dividend or
other distribution  (whether in cash, property or other securities) on shares of
capital stock other than  dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form
of  additional  shares of Common Stock or (b) directly or  indirectly or through
any subsidiary  make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital
stock except for distributions  pursuant to any shareholders'  rights plan which
is approved by a majority of the Borrower's disinterested directors.

          2.2  Restriction on Stock  Repurchases.  So long as the Borrower shall
have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder's
written consent redeem,  repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in
exchange for property or other  securities or otherwise) in any one  transaction
or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or
any warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares.

                                       12
<PAGE>
          2.3  Borrowings.  So long as the  Borrower  shall have any  obligation
under this Note, the Borrower shall not,  without the Holder's  written consent,
create,  incur,  assume or suffer to exist any  liability  for  borrowed  money,
except (a)  borrowings in existence or committed on the date hereof and of which
the  Borrower  has  informed  Holder in writing  prior to the date  hereof,  (b)
indebtedness  to trade  creditors  or  financial  institutions  incurred  in the
ordinary  course of business or (c)  borrowings,  the proceeds of which shall be
used to repay this Note.

          2.4 Sale of Assets.  So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation
under this Note, the Borrower shall not,  without the Holder's  written consent,
sell,  lease or  otherwise  dispose  of any  significant  portion  of its assets
outside the ordinary  course of business.  Any consent to the disposition of any
assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition.

          2.5  Advances  and  Loans.  So long as the  Borrower  shall  have  any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder's written
consent,  lend money,  give credit or make advances to any person,  firm,  joint
venture or corporation,  including,  without  limitation,  officers,  directors,
employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except loans, credits or
advances (a) in existence or committed on the date hereof and which the Borrower
has  informed  Holder  in  writing  prior  to the date  hereof,  (b) made in the
ordinary course of business or (c) not in excess of $50,000.

          2.6  Contingent  Liabilities.  So long as the Borrower  shall have any
obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder's written
consent, assume, guarantee, endorse, contingently agree to purchase or otherwise
become  liable upon the  obligation  of any  person,  firm,  partnership,  joint
venture or corporation,  except by the endorsement of negotiable instruments for
deposit or  collection  and except  assumptions,  guarantees,  endorsements  and
contingencies  (a) in  existence  or  committed on the date hereof and which the
Borrower  has  informed  Holder in  writing  prior to the date  hereof,  and (b)
similar transactions in the ordinary course of business.

                         Article III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT

          If any of  the  following  events  of  default  (each,  an  "Event  of
Default") shall occur:

          3.1 Failure to Pay  Principal or Interest.  The Borrower  fails to pay
the  principal  hereof or  interest  thereon  when due on this Note,  whether at
maturity,  upon a Trading Market  Prepayment Event pursuant to Section 1.7, upon
acceleration or otherwise;

          3.2 Conversion  and the Shares.  The Borrower fails to issue shares of
Common Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens that it will not honor its
obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the
Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note (for a period of at least sixty
(60) days, if such failure is solely as a result of the  circumstances  governed
by  Section  1.3 and the  Borrower  is using its best  efforts  to  authorize  a

                                       13
<PAGE>
sufficient  number of shares of Common Stock as soon as  practicable),  fails to
transfer  or  cause  its  transfer  agent  to  transfer  (electronically  or  in
certificated  form) any  certificate  for shares of Common  Stock  issued to the
Holder  upon  conversion  of or  otherwise  pursuant  to this  Note as and  when
required by this Note or the Registration  Rights Agreement,  or fails to remove
any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect
thereof) on any  certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued to the Holder
upon  conversion  of or otherwise  pursuant to this Note as and when required by
this Note or the  Registration  Rights  Agreement  (or  makes any  announcement,
statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the  obligations  described
in  this  paragraph)  and  any  such  failure  shall  continue  uncured  (or any
announcement,  statement  or threat  not to honor its  obligations  shall not be
rescinded  in  writing)  for ten (10) days  after the  Borrower  shall have been
notified thereof in writing by the Holder;

          3.3 Failure to Timely File  Registration or Effect  Registration.  The
Borrower  fails  to file the  Registration  Statement  within  sixty  (60)  days
following  the Closing  Date (as defined in the  Purchase  Agreement)  or obtain
effectiveness  with the Securities and Exchange  Commission of the  Registration
Statement within one hundred  thirty-five  (135) days following the Closing Date
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or such Registration  Statement lapses in
effect (or sales  cannot  otherwise  be made  thereunder  effective,  whether by
reason of the Borrower's failure to amend or supplement the prospectus  included
therein in accordance with the  Registration  Rights Agreement or otherwise) for
more than  twenty  (20)  consecutive  days or forty (40) days in any twelve (12)
month period after the Registration Statement becomes effective;

          3.4 Breach of Covenants.  The Borrower  breaches any material covenant
or other  material  term or condition  contained in Sections  1.3, 1.6 or 1.7 of
this Note,  or  Sections  4(c),  4(e),  4(h),  4(i),  4(j) or 5 of the  Purchase
Agreement and such breach  continues for a period of ten (10) days after written
notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder;

          3.5 Breach of  Representations  and Warranties.  Any representation or
warranty  of  the  Borrower  made  herein  or in  any  agreement,  statement  or
certificate  given  in  writing  pursuant  hereto  or  in  connection   herewith
(including,  without  limitation,  the Purchase  Agreement and the  Registration
Rights  Agreement),  shall be false or misleading  in any material  respect when
made and the  breach of which  has (or with the  passage  of time  will  have) a
material  adverse  effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note,
the Purchase Agreement or the Registration Rights Agreement;

          3.6  Receiver  or  Trustee.  The  Borrower  or any  subsidiary  of the
Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors,  or apply for or
consent to the  appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial
part of its property or business,  or such a receiver or trustee shall otherwise
be appointed;

          3.7 Judgments.  Any money  judgment,  writ or similar process shall be
entered or filed  against the Borrower or any  subsidiary of the Borrower or any
of its  property  or other  assets  for more  than  $50,000,  and  shall  remain
unvacated,  unbonded  or  unstayed  for a period  of  twenty  (20)  days  unless
otherwise  consented to by the Holder,  which  consent will not be  unreasonably
withheld;

                                       14
<PAGE>
          3.8 Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization or liquidation
proceedings or other  proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law
for the relief of debtors  shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any
subsidiary of the Borrower;

          3.9 Delisting of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the
listing  of the  Common  Stock on at  least  one of the  OTCBB or an  equivalent
replacement  exchange,  the Nasdaq National Market,  the Nasdaq SmallCap Market,
the New York Stock Exchange, or the American Stock Exchange; or

          3.10 Default  Under Other Notes.  An Event of Default has occurred and
is  continuing  under any of the other Notes  issued  pursuant  to the  Purchase
Agreement, then, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of
Default  specified in Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.7, 3.9, or 3.10, at the
option of the Holders of a majority  of the  aggregate  principal  amount of the
outstanding Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement  exercisable through
the delivery of written  notice to the  Borrower by such  Holders (the  "Default
Notice"),  and upon the  occurrence of an Event of Default  specified in Section
3.6 or 3.8, the Notes shall become  immediately due and payable and the Borrower
shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations  hereunder,  an
amount  equal  to the  greater  of (i)  130%  times  the  sum  of (w)  the  then
outstanding  principal  amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest
on the  unpaid  principal  amount  of this  Note to the  date  of  payment  (the
"Mandatory  Prepayment Date") plus (y) Default Interest,  if any, on the amounts
referred to in clauses  (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any  amounts  owed to the Holder
pursuant to Sections  1.3 and 1.4(g)  hereof or pursuant to Section  2(c) of the
Registration  Rights  Agreement (the then  outstanding  principal amount of this
Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and
(z) shall collectively be known as the "Default Sum") or (ii) the "parity value"
of the  Default  Sum to be  prepaid,  where  parity  value means (a) the highest
number of shares  of Common  Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  of or  otherwise
pursuant to such Default Sum in accordance  with Article I, treating the Trading
Day immediately preceding the Mandatory Prepayment Date as the "Conversion Date"
for purposes of determining the lowest applicable  Conversion Price,  unless the
Default Event arises as a result of a breach in respect of a specific Conversion
Date  in  which  case  such  Conversion  Date  shall  be the  Conversion  Date),
multiplied  by (b) the highest  Closing  Price for the Common  Stock  during the
period  beginning  on the date of first  occurrence  of the Event of Default and
ending one day prior to the Mandatory Prepayment Date (the "Default Amount") and
all other amounts payable  hereunder shall  immediately  become due and payable,
all without  demand,  presentment  or notice,  all of which hereby are expressly
waived, together with all costs, including,  without limitation,  legal fees and
expenses, of collection,  and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other
rights and remedies  available at law or in equity. If the Borrower fails to pay
the Default  Amount  within five (5) business  days of written  notice that such
amount is due and payable,  then the Holder shall have the right at any time, so
long as the  Borrower  remains  in default  (and so long and to the extent  that
there are sufficient  authorized shares), to require the Borrower,  upon written
notice,  to  immediately  issue,  in lieu of the Default  Amount,  the number of
shares of Common Stock of the Borrower  equal to the Default  Amount  divided by
the Conversion Price then in effect.

                                       15
<PAGE>
                           Article IV. MISCELLANEOUS

          4.1 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver.  No failure or delay on the part
of the Holder in the exercise of any power,  right or privilege  hereunder shall
operate as a waiver  thereof,  nor shall any single or partial  exercise  of any
such power,  right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of
any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder
are  cumulative  to, and not  exclusive  of, any  rights or  remedies  otherwise
available.

          4.2 Notices. Any notice herein required or permitted to be given shall
be in writing and may be  personally  served or  delivered by courier or sent by
United  States  mail and  shall be deemed to have been  given  upon  receipt  if
personally served (which shall include telephone line facsimile transmission) or
sent by courier or three (3) days after  being  deposited  in the United  States
mail, certified,  with postage pre-paid and properly addressed, if sent by mail.
For the  purposes  hereof,  the  address of the Holder  shall be as shown on the
records of the  Borrower;  and the  address of the  Borrower  shall be 12268 Via
Latina,  Del Mar,  California 92914,  facsimile number:  858-481-2207.  Both the
Holder and the Borrower may change the address for service by service of written
notice to the other as herein provided.

          4.3 Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended
by an  instrument  in writing  signed by the Borrower  and the Holder.  The term
"Note" and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean
this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase  Agreement)
as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented,  then as so amended
or supplemented.

          4.4  Assignability.  This Note shall be binding  upon the Borrower and
its successors and assigns,  and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and
its successors and assigns.  Each transferee of this Note must be an "accredited
investor" (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act).  Notwithstanding anything
in this  Note to the  contrary,  this  Note  may be  pledged  as  collateral  in
connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.

          4.5 Cost of  Collection.  If  default  is made in the  payment of this
Note, the Borrower  shall pay the Holder hereof costs of  collection,  including
reasonable attorneys' fees.

          4.6  Governing  Law.  THIS NOTE  SHALL BE  ENFORCED,  GOVERNED  BY AND
CONSTRUED IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK  APPLICABLE  TO
AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED  ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE,  WITHOUT REGARD
TO THE  PRINCIPLES  OF  CONFLICT OF LAWS.  THE  BORROWER  HEREBY  SUBMITS TO THE
EXCLUSIVE  JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK,
NEW YORK WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE  ARISING  UNDER THIS NOTE,  THE  AGREEMENTS
ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION  HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS  CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR
THEREBY.  BOTH PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO
THE  MAINTENANCE  OF SUCH SUIT OR  PROCEEDING.  BOTH PARTIES  FURTHER AGREE THAT
SERVICE OF PROCESS  UPON A PARTY  MAILED BY FIRST  CLASS MAIL SHALL BE DEEMED IN
EVERY  RESPECT  EFFECTIVE  SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THE PARTY IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR
PROCEEDING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT EITHER PARTY'S RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN
ANY  OTHER  MANNER   PERMITTED  BY  LAW.   BOTH  PARTIES   AGREE  THAT  A  FINAL
NON-APPEALABLE  JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING  SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND
MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER  JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON SUCH JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER
LAWFUL  MANNER.  THE PARTY WHICH DOES NOT PREVAIL IN ANY DISPUTE  ARISING  UNDER
THIS NOTE SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL FEES AND EXPENSES,  INCLUDING  ATTORNEYS'
FEES, INCURRED BY THE PREVAILING PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH DISPUTE.

                                       16
<PAGE>
          4.7 Certain  Amounts.  Whenever  pursuant to this Note the Borrower is
required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding  principal amount (or the
portion  thereof  required  to be paid at that  time)  plus  accrued  and unpaid
interest  plus Default  Interest on such  interest,  the Borrower and the Holder
agree that the actual  damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on
this Note may be  difficult  to  determine  and the  amount to be so paid by the
Borrower  represents  stipulated  damages  and not a penalty  and is intended to
compensate  the Holder in part for loss of the  opportunity to convert this Note
and to earn a return  from the sale of  shares  of Common  Stock  acquired  upon
conversion  of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such  shares
pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount
of stipulated  damages is not plainly  disproportionate  to the possible loss to
the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert
this Note into shares of Common Stock.

          4.8  Allocations  of Maximum  Share  Amount and Reserved  Amount.  The
Maximum  Share Amount and Reserved  Amount shall be allocated pro rata among the
Holders of Notes  based on the  principal  amount of such  Notes  issued to each
Holder.  Each increase to the Maximum Share Amount and Reserved  Amount shall be
allocated pro rata among the Holders of Notes based on the  principal  amount of
such Notes held by each Holder at the time of the increase in the Maximum  Share
Amount  or  Reserved  Amount.  In the  event a Holder  shall  sell or  otherwise
transfer any of such Holder's Notes,  each  transferee  shall be allocated a pro
rata portion of such transferor's  Maximum Share Amount and Reserved Amount. Any
portion of the Maximum Share Amount or Reserved  Amount which remains  allocated
to any person or entity  which does not hold any Notes shall be allocated to the
remaining Holders of Notes, pro rata based on the principal amount of such Notes
then held by such Holders.

          4.9 Damages Shares. The shares of Common Stock that may be issuable to
the Holder  pursuant to Sections  1.3 and 1.4(g)  hereof and pursuant to Section
2(c) of the Registration Rights Agreement ("Damages Shares") shall be treated as
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note for all purposes  hereof and
shall be subject to all of the limitations and afforded all of the rights of the
other shares of Common Stock issuable  hereunder,  including without limitation,
the right to be included in the  Registration  Statement  filed  pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement.  For purposes of calculating  interest payable on
the outstanding  principal amount hereof,  except as otherwise  provided herein,
amounts  convertible  into Damages  Shares  ("Damages  Amounts")  shall not bear
interest  but must be  converted  prior  to the  conversion  of any  outstanding
principal amount hereof, until the outstanding Damages Amounts is zero.

                                       17
<PAGE>
          4.10  Denominations.  At the request of the Holder,  upon surrender of
this  Note,  the  Borrower  shall  promptly  issue  new  Notes in the  aggregate
outstanding  principal amount hereof, in the form hereof, in such  denominations
of at least $50,000 as the Holder shall request.

          4.11 Purchase  Agreement.  By its acceptance of this Note, each Holder
agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.

          4.12 Notice of Corporate Events.  Except as otherwise  provided below,
the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common  Stock unless
and only to the  extent  that it  converts  this Note  into  Common  Stock.  The
Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior  notification of any meeting of the
Borrower's  shareholders  (and copies of proxy  materials and other  information
sent to shareholders). In the event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of
its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to
receive  payment of any dividend or other  distribution,  any right to subscribe
for, purchase or otherwise acquire  (including by way of merger,  consolidation,
reclassification  or  recapitalization)  any  share of any  class  or any  other
securities  or property,  or to receive any other  right,  or for the purpose of
determining  shareholders  who  are  entitled  to vote in  connection  with  any
proposed sale, lease or conveyance of all or substantially  all of the assets of
the  Borrower  or any  proposed  liquidation,  dissolution  or winding up of the
Borrower,  the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder,  at least twenty (20)
days prior to the record  date  specified  therein (or thirty (30) days prior to
the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier), of the date
on which  any such  record  is to be taken  for the  purpose  of such  dividend,
distribution,  right or other event, and a brief statement  regarding the amount
and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent
known at such time. The Borrower shall make a public  announcement  of any event
requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with
the  notification  to the Holder in  accordance  with the terms of this  Section
4.12.

          4.13 Remedies.  The Borrower  acknowledges  that a breach by it of its
obligations  hereunder will cause  irreparable harm to the Holder,  by vitiating
the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly,  the
Borrower  acknowledges  that the  remedy at law for a breach of its  obligations
under  this  Note will be  inadequate  and  agrees,  in the event of a breach or
threatened  breach by the  Borrower  of the  provisions  of this Note,  that the
Holder shall be entitled,  in addition to all other available remedies at law or
in equity, and in addition to the penalties  assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining,  preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof,  without the necessity of
showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

                             Article V. CALL OPTION

          5.1 Call Option. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Article V, so long as (i) no Event of Default or Trading Market  Prepayment
Event shall have occurred and be continuing,  (ii) the Borrower has a sufficient
number of  authorized  shares of Common Stock  reserved  for issuance  upon full
conversion  of the Notes,  then at any time after the Issue Date,  and (iii) the
Common Stock is trading at or below $.02 per share,  the Borrower shall have the
right,  exercisable  on not less than ten (10) Trading Days prior written notice
to the Holders of the Notes (which  notice may not be sent to the Holders of the

                                       18
<PAGE>
Notes  until the  Borrower  is  permitted  to prepay the Notes  pursuant to this
Section 5.1),  to prepay all of the  outstanding  Notes in accordance  with this
Section 5.1. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an "Optional Prepayment") shall
be delivered to the Holders of the Notes at their registered addresses appearing
on the books and records of the  Borrower  and shall state (1) that the Borrower
is exercising  its right to prepay all of the Notes issued on the Issue Date and
(2) the date of prepayment (the "Optional Prepayment Notice"). On the date fixed
for prepayment (the "Optional Prepayment Date"), the Borrower shall make payment
of the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined below) to or upon the order of the
Holders as  specified by the Holders in writing to the Borrower at least one (1)
business day prior to the Optional  Prepayment  Date. If the Borrower  exercises
its right to prepay the Notes, the Borrower shall make payment to the holders of
an amount in cash (the  "Optional  Prepayment  Amount") equal to either (i) 130%
(for prepayments occurring within thirty (30) days of the Issue Date), (ii) 140%
for  prepayments  occurring  between  thirty-one (31) and sixty (60) days of the
Issue Date, or (iii) 150% (for  prepayments  occurring after the sixtieth (60th)
day following the Issue Date), multiplied by the sum of (w) the then outstanding
principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid
principal  amount of this Note to the Optional  Prepayment Date plus (y) Default
Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x) plus (z) any
amounts  owed to the  Holder  pursuant  to  Sections  1.3 and  1.4(g)  hereof or
pursuant  to  Section  2(c)  of the  Registration  Rights  Agreement  (the  then
outstanding  principal  amount  of this  Note to the  date of  payment  plus the
amounts  referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall  collectively be known as
the  "Optional   Prepayment  Sum").   Notwithstanding   notice  of  an  Optional
Prepayment, the Holders shall at all times prior to the Optional Prepayment Date
maintain the right to convert all or any portion of the Notes in accordance with
Article I and any  portion of Notes so  converted  after  receipt of an Optional
Prepayment  Notice and prior to the Optional  Prepayment  Date set forth in such
notice and payment of the aggregate Optional Prepayment Amount shall be deducted
from the  principal  amount of Notes which are  otherwise  subject to prepayment
pursuant to such notice. If the Borrower delivers an Optional  Prepayment Notice
and fails to pay the Optional  Prepayment Amount due to the Holders of the Notes
within two (2)  business  days  following  the  Optional  Prepayment  Date,  the
Borrower  shall forever  forfeit its right to redeem the Notes  pursuant to this
Section 5.1.









                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


                                       19
<PAGE>


          IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its
name by its duly authorized officer this 17th day of December, 2004.


                                      PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.



                                      By:/s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                         ------------------
                                         Edward Litwak
                                         President

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dec232004form8kex46.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.6




     THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE
     NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. EXCEPT AS
     OTHERWISE SET FORTH HEREIN OR IN A SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS
     OF DECEMBER 17, 2004, NEITHER THIS WARRANT NOR ANY OF SUCH SHARES MAY BE
     SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
     STATEMENT FOR SUCH SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT OR, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN
     FORM, SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE, CUSTOMARY FOR OPINIONS OF COUNSEL IN COMPARABLE
     TRANSACTIONS, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SUCH ACT OR UNLESS
     SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR REGULATION S UNDER SUCH ACT.

                               Right to Purchase 630,000 Shares of
                               Common Stock, $.001 par value per
                               share

                             STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

     THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received, AJW OFFSHORE, LTD. or its
registered assigns, is entitled to purchase from Pacificap Entertainment
Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), at any time or from time
to time during the period specified in Paragraph 2 hereof, Six Hundred Thirty
Thousand (630,000) fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Company's Common
Stock, $.001 par value per share (the "Common Stock"), at an exercise price per
share equal to $.02 (the "Exercise Price"). The term "Warrant Shares," as used
herein, refers to the shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder. The Warrant
Shares and the Exercise Price are subject to adjustment as provided in Paragraph
4 hereof. The term "Warrants" means this Warrant and the other warrants issued
pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 17, 2004,
by and among the Company and the Buyers listed on the execution page thereof
(the "Securities Purchase Agreement"), including any additional warrants
issuable pursuant to Section 4(l) thereof.

     This Warrant is subject to the following terms, provisions, and conditions:

     1.    Manner of Exercise; Issuance of Certificates; Payment for Shares.
Subject to the provisions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the holder
hereof, in whole or in part, by the surrender of this Warrant, together with a
completed exercise agreement in the form attached hereto (the "Exercise
Agreement"), to the Company during normal business hours on any business day at
the Company's principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the


<PAGE>
Company as it may designate by notice to the holder hereof), and upon (i)
payment to the Company in cash, by certified or official bank check or by wire
transfer for the account of the Company of the Exercise Price for the Warrant
Shares specified in the Exercise Agreement or (ii) if the resale of the Warrant
Shares by the holder is not then registered pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), delivery to the Company of a written notice of an election to
effect a "Cashless Exercise" (as defined in Section 11(c) below) for the Warrant
Shares specified in the Exercise Agreement. The Warrant Shares so purchased
shall be deemed to be issued to the holder hereof or such holder's designee, as
the record owner of such shares, as of the close of business on the date on
which this Warrant shall have been surrendered, the completed Exercise Agreement
shall have been delivered, and payment shall have been made for such shares as
set forth above. Certificates for the Warrant Shares so purchased, representing
the aggregate number of shares specified in the Exercise Agreement, shall be
delivered to the holder hereof within a reasonable time, not exceeding three (3)
business days, after this Warrant shall have been so exercised. The certificates
so delivered shall be in such denominations as may be requested by the holder
hereof and shall be registered in the name of such holder or such other name as
shall be designated by such holder. If this Warrant shall have been exercised
only in part, then, unless this Warrant has expired, the Company shall, at its
expense, at the time of delivery of such certificates, deliver to the holder a
new Warrant representing the number of shares with respect to which this Warrant
shall not then have been exercised. In addition to all other available remedies
at law or in equity, if the Company fails to deliver certificates for the
Warrant Shares within three (3) business days after this Warrant is exercised,
then the Company shall pay to the holder in cash a penalty (the "Penalty") equal
to 2% of the number of Warrant Shares that the holder is entitled to multiplied
by the Market Price (as hereinafter defined) for each day that the Company fails
to deliver certificates for the Warrant Shares. For example, if the holder is
entitled to 100,000 Warrant Shares and the Market Price is $2.00, then the
Company shall pay to the holder $4,000 for each day that the Company fails to
deliver certificates for the Warrant Shares. The Penalty shall be paid to the
holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has
accrued.

     Notwithstanding anything in this Warrant to the contrary, in no event shall
the holder of this Warrant be entitled to exercise a number of Warrants (or
portions thereof) in excess of the number of Warrants (or portions thereof) upon
exercise of which the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common
Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the
unexercised Warrants and the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including the Notes (as defined in the Securities
Purchase Agreement)) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein) and (ii) the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (or portions thereof) with respect
to which the determination described herein is being made, would result in
beneficial ownership by the holder and its affiliates of more than 4.9% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the immediately preceding
sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Regulation 13D-G
thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (i) of the preceding
sentence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
limitation on exercise of this Warrant set forth herein may not be amended
without (i) the written consent of the holder hereof and the Company and (ii)
the approval of a majority of shareholders of the Company.

                                       2
<PAGE>
     2.    Period of Exercise. This Warrant is exercisable at any time or from
time to time on or after the date on which this Warrant is issued and delivered
pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and before 6:00 p.m.,
New York, New York time on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date of issuance
(the "Exercise Period").

     3.    Certain Agreements of the Company. The Company hereby covenants and
agrees as follows:

           (a) Shares to be Fully Paid. All Warrant Shares will, upon issuance
in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, be validly issued, fully paid, and
nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens, and charges with respect to the
issue thereof.

           (b) Reservation of Shares. Subject to the Stockholder Approval (as
defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), during the Exercise Period, the
Company shall at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of
issuance upon exercise of this Warrant, a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock to provide for the exercise of this Warrant.

           (c) Listing. The Company shall promptly secure the listing of the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant upon each national
securities exchange or automated quotation system, if any, upon which shares of
Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice of issuance upon
exercise of this Warrant) and shall maintain, so long as any other shares of
Common Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all shares of Common Stock from
time to time issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant; and the Company shall
so list on each national securities exchange or automated quotation system, as
the case may be, and shall maintain such listing of, any other shares of capital
stock of the Company issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant if and so long
as any shares of the same class shall be listed on such national securities
exchange or automated quotation system.

           (d) Certain Actions Prohibited. The Company will not, by amendment of
its charter or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be
observed or performed by it hereunder, but will at all times in good faith
assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Warrant and in the
taking of all such action as may reasonably be requested by the holder of this
Warrant in order to protect the exercise privilege of the holder of this Warrant
against dilution or other impairment, consistent with the tenor and purpose of
this Warrant. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i)
will not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon
the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, and (ii)
will take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the
Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant.

           (e) Successors and Assigns. This Warrant will be binding upon any
entity succeeding to the Company by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of all
or substantially all the Company's assets.

     4.    Antidilution Provisions. During the Exercise Period, the Exercise
Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be subject to adjustment from
time to time as provided in this Paragraph 4.

                                       3
<PAGE>
     In the event that any adjustment of the Exercise Price as required herein
results in a fraction of a cent, such Exercise Price shall be rounded up to the
nearest cent.

           (a) Adjustment of Exercise Price and Number of Shares upon Issuance
of Common Stock. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 4(c) and 4(e)
hereof, if and whenever on or after the date of issuance of this Warrant, the
Company issues or sells, or in accordance with Paragraph 4(b) hereof is deemed
to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock for no consideration or for a
consideration per share (before deduction of reasonable expenses or commissions
or underwriting discounts or allowances in connection therewith) less than the
Market Price on the date of issuance (a "Dilutive Issuance"), then immediately
upon the Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price will be reduced to a price
determined by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the
Dilutive Issuance by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is an amount equal
to the sum of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock actually outstanding
immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance, plus (y) the quotient of the
aggregate consideration, calculated as set forth in Paragraph 4(b) hereof,
received by the Company upon such Dilutive Issuance divided by the Market Price
in effect immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance, and (ii) the denominator
of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock Deemed Outstanding (as
defined below) immediately after the Dilutive Issuance.

           (b) Effect on Exercise Price of Certain Events. For purposes of
determining the adjusted Exercise Price under Paragraph 4(a) hereof, the
following will be applicable:

               (i) Issuance of Rights or Options. If the Company in any manner
issues or grants any warrants, rights or options, whether or not immediately
exercisable, to subscribe for or to purchase Common Stock or other securities
convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock ("Convertible Securities")
(such warrants, rights and options to purchase Common Stock or Convertible
Securities are hereinafter referred to as "Options") and the price per share for
which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options is less than
the Market Price on the date of issuance or grant of such Options, then the
maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all
such Options will, as of the date of the issuance or grant of such Options, be
deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company for
such price per share. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the "price per
share for which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options" is
determined by dividing (i) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by
the Company as consideration for the issuance or granting of all such Options,
plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable
to the Company upon the exercise of all such Options, plus, in the case of
Convertible Securities issuable upon the exercise of such Options, the minimum
aggregate amount of additional consideration payable upon the conversion or
exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities first become
convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all such Options (assuming full
conversion of Convertible Securities, if applicable). No further adjustment to
the Exercise Price will be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock
upon the exercise of such Options or upon the conversion or exchange of
Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of such Options.

               (ii) Issuance of Convertible Securities. If the Company in any
manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities, whether or not immediately

                                       4
<PAGE>
convertible (other than where the same are issuable upon the exercise of
Options) and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon such
conversion or exchange is less than the Market Price on the date of issuance,
then the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities will, as of the date
of the issuance of such Convertible Securities, be deemed to be outstanding and
to have been issued and sold by the Company for such price per share. For the
purposes of the preceding sentence, the "price per share for which Common Stock
is issuable upon such conversion or exchange" is determined by dividing (i) the
total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Company as consideration for
the issuance or sale of all such Convertible Securities, plus the minimum
aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to the Company
upon the conversion or exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities
first become convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such
Convertible Securities. No further adjustment to the Exercise Price will be made
upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock upon conversion or exchange of
such Convertible Securities.

               (iii) Change in Option Price or Conversion Rate. If there is a
change at any time in (i) the amount of additional consideration payable to the
Company upon the exercise of any Options; (ii) the amount of additional
consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion or exchange of
any Convertible Securities; or (iii) the rate at which any Convertible
Securities are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock (other than
under or by reason of provisions designed to protect against dilution), the
Exercise Price in effect at the time of such change will be readjusted to the
Exercise Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or
Convertible Securities still outstanding provided for such changed additional
consideration or changed conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time
initially granted, issued or sold.

               (iv) Treatment of Expired Options and Unexercised Convertible
Securities. If, in any case, the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of any Option or upon conversion or exchange of any Convertible
Securities is not, in fact, issued and the rights to exercise such Option or to
convert or exchange such Convertible Securities shall have expired or
terminated, the Exercise Price then in effect will be readjusted to the Exercise
Price which would have been in effect at the time of such expiration or
termination had such Option or Convertible Securities, to the extent outstanding
immediately prior to such expiration or termination (other than in respect of
the actual number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise or conversion
thereof), never been issued.

               (v) Calculation of Consideration Received. If any Common Stock,
Options or Convertible Securities are issued, granted or sold for cash, the
consideration received therefor for purposes of this Warrant will be the amount
received by the Company therefor, before deduction of reasonable commissions,
underwriting discounts or allowances or other reasonable expenses paid or
incurred by the Company in connection with such issuance, grant or sale. In case
any Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a
consideration part or all of which shall be other than cash, the amount of the
consideration other than cash received by the Company will be the fair value of
such consideration, except where such consideration consists of securities, in
which case the amount of consideration received by the Company will be the

                                       5
<PAGE>
Market Price thereof as of the date of receipt. In case any Common Stock,
Options or Convertible Securities are issued in connection with any acquisition,
merger or consolidation in which the Company is the surviving corporation, the
amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair value of such
portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving corporation as is
attributable to such Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, as the
case may be. The fair value of any consideration other than cash or securities
will be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company.

               (vi) Exceptions to Adjustment of Exercise Price. No adjustment to
the Exercise Price will be made (i) upon the exercise of any warrants, options
or convertible securities granted, issued and outstanding on the date of
issuance of this Warrant; (ii) upon the grant or exercise of any stock or
options which may hereafter be granted or exercised under any employee benefit
plan, stock option plan or restricted stock plan of the Company now existing or
to be implemented in the future, so long as the issuance of such stock or
options is approved by a majority of the independent members of the Board of
Directors of the Company or a majority of the members of a committee of
independent directors established for such purpose; or (iii) upon the exercise
of the Warrants.

           (c) Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. If the Company at any
time subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise) the shares of Common Stock
acquirable hereunder into a greater number of shares, then, after the date of
record for effecting such subdivision, the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced. If the Company at any
time combines (by reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization,
reclassification or otherwise) the shares of Common Stock acquirable hereunder
into a smaller number of shares, then, after the date of record for effecting
such combination, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such
combination will be proportionately increased.

           (d) Adjustment in Number of Shares. Upon each adjustment of the
Exercise Price pursuant to the provisions of this Paragraph 4, the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be adjusted
by multiplying a number equal to the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment by the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and dividing the
product so obtained by the adjusted Exercise Price.

           (e) Consolidation, Merger or Sale. In case of any consolidation of
the Company with, or merger of the Company into any other corporation, or in
case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the
Company, then as a condition of such consolidation, merger or sale or
conveyance, adequate provision will be made whereby the holder of this Warrant
will have the right to acquire and receive upon exercise of this Warrant in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore acquirable upon the
exercise of this Warrant, such shares of stock, securities or assets as may be
issued or payable with respect to or in exchange for the number of shares of
Common Stock immediately theretofore acquirable and receivable upon exercise of
this Warrant had such consolidation, merger or sale or conveyance not taken
place. In any such case, the Company will make appropriate provision to insure
that the provisions of this Paragraph 4 hereof will thereafter be applicable as

                                       6
<PAGE>
nearly as may be in relation to any shares of stock or securities thereafter
deliverable upon the exercise of this Warrant. The Company will not effect any
consolidation, merger or sale or conveyance unless prior to the consummation
thereof, the successor corporation (if other than the Company) assumes by
written instrument the obligations under this Paragraph 4 and the obligations to
deliver to the holder of this Warrant such shares of stock, securities or assets
as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the holder may be entitled to
acquire.

           (f) Distribution of Assets. In case the Company shall declare or make
any distribution of its assets (including cash) to holders of Common Stock as a
partial liquidating dividend, by way of return of capital or otherwise, then,
after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such
distribution, but prior to the date of distribution, the holder of this Warrant
shall be entitled upon exercise of this Warrant for the purchase of any or all
of the shares of Common Stock subject hereto, to receive the amount of such
assets which would have been payable to the holder had such holder been the
holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination
of shareholders entitled to such distribution.

           (g) Notice of Adjustment. Upon the occurrence of any event which
requires any adjustment of the Exercise Price, then, and in each such case, the
Company shall give notice thereof to the holder of this Warrant, which notice
shall state the Exercise Price resulting from such adjustment and the increase
or decrease in the number of Warrant Shares purchasable at such price upon
exercise, setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the
facts upon which such calculation is based. Such calculation shall be certified
by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

           (h) Minimum Adjustment of Exercise Price. No adjustment of the
Exercise Price shall be made in an amount of less than 1% of the Exercise Price
in effect at the time such adjustment is otherwise required to be made, but any
such lesser adjustment shall be carried forward and shall be made at the time
and together with the next subsequent adjustment which, together with any
adjustments so carried forward, shall amount to not less than 1% of such
Exercise Price.

           (i) No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock are to
be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but the Company shall pay a cash
adjustment in respect of any fractional share which would otherwise be issuable
in an amount equal to the same fraction of the Market Price of a share of Common
Stock on the date of such exercise.

           (j) Other Notices. In case at any time:

               (i) the Company shall declare any dividend upon the Common Stock
payable in shares of stock of any class or make any other distribution
(including dividends or distributions payable in cash out of retained earnings)
to the holders of the Common Stock;

               (ii) the Company shall offer for subscription pro rata to the
holders of the Common Stock any additional shares of stock of any class or other
rights;

               (iii) there shall be any capital reorganization of the Company,
or reclassification of the Common Stock, or consolidation or merger of the
Company with or into, or sale of all or substantially all its assets to, another
corporation or entity; or

               (iv) there shall be a voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the Company; then, in each such case, the Company

                                       7
<PAGE>
shall give to the holder of this Warrant (a) notice of the date on which the
books of the Company shall close or a record shall be taken for determining the
holders of Common Stock entitled to receive any such dividend, distribution, or
subscription rights or for determining the holders of Common Stock entitled to
vote in respect of any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up and (b) in the case of any
such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution,
liquidation or winding-up, notice of the date (or, if not then known, a
reasonable approximation thereof by the Company) when the same shall take place.
Such notice shall also specify the date on which the holders of Common Stock
shall be entitled to receive such dividend, distribution, or subscription rights
or to exchange their Common Stock for stock or other securities or property
deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up, as the case may be. Such notice
shall be given at least thirty (30) days prior to the record date or the date on
which the Company's books are closed in respect thereto. Failure to give any
such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the
proceedings referred to in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above.

           (k) Certain Events. If any event occurs of the type contemplated by
the adjustment provisions of this Paragraph 4 but not expressly provided for by
such provisions, the Company will give notice of such event as provided in
Paragraph 4(g) hereof, and the Company's Board of Directors will make an
appropriate adjustment in the Exercise Price and the number of shares of Common
Stock acquirable upon exercise of this Warrant so that the rights of the holder
shall be neither enhanced nor diminished by such event.

           (l) Certain Definitions.

               (i) "Common Stock Deemed Outstanding" shall mean the number of
shares of Common Stock actually outstanding (not including shares of Common
Stock held in the treasury of the Company), plus (x) pursuant to Paragraph
4(b)(i) hereof, the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of Options, as of the date of such issuance or grant of such
Options, if any, and (y) pursuant to Paragraph 4(b)(ii) hereof, the maximum
total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exchange of
Convertible Securities, as of the date of issuance of such Convertible
Securities, if any.

               (ii) "Market Price," as of any date, (i) means the average of the
last reported sale prices for the shares of Common Stock on the OTCBB for the
five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding such date as reported by Bloomberg,
or (ii) if the OTCBB is not the principal trading market for the shares of
Common Stock, the average of the last reported sale prices on the principal
trading market for the Common Stock during the same period as reported by
Bloomberg, or (iii) if market value cannot be calculated as of such date on any
of the foregoing bases, the Market Price shall be the fair market value as
reasonably determined in good faith by (a) the Board of Directors of the Company
or, at the option of a majority-in-interest of the holders of the outstanding
Warrants by (b) an independent investment bank of nationally recognized standing
in the valuation of businesses similar to the business of the corporation. The
manner of determining the Market Price of the Common Stock set forth in the
foregoing definition shall apply with respect to any other security in respect
of which a determination as to market value must be made hereunder.

                                       8
<PAGE>
               (iii) "Common Stock," for purposes of this Paragraph 4, includes
the Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, and any additional class of stock
of the Company having no preference as to dividends or distributions on
liquidation, provided that the shares purchasable pursuant to this Warrant shall
include only shares of Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, in respect of
which this Warrant is exercisable, or shares resulting from any subdivision or
combination of such Common Stock, or in the case of any reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, or sale of the character referred to in
Paragraph 4(e) hereof, the stock or other securities or property provided for in
such Paragraph.

     5.    Issue Tax. The issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the holder of this
Warrant or such shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof,
provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be
payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any
certificate in a name other than the holder of this Warrant.

     6.    No Rights or Liabilities as a Shareholder. This Warrant shall not
entitle the holder hereof to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder
of the Company. No provision of this Warrant, in the absence of affirmative
action by the holder hereof to purchase Warrant Shares, and no mere enumeration
herein of the rights or privileges of the holder hereof, shall give rise to any
liability of such holder for the Exercise Price or as a shareholder of the
Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of
the Company.

     7.    Transfer, Exchange, and Replacement of Warrant.

           (a) Restriction on Transfer. This Warrant and the rights granted to
the holder hereof are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this
Warrant, together with a properly executed assignment in the form attached
hereto, at the office or agency of the Company referred to in Paragraph 7(e)
below, provided, however, that any transfer or assignment shall be subject to
the conditions set forth in Paragraph 7(f) hereof and to the applicable
provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement. Until due presentment for
registration of transfer on the books of the Company, the Company may treat the
registered holder hereof as the owner and holder hereof for all purposes, and
the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the registration rights described in
Paragraph 8 are assignable only in accordance with the provisions of that
certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 17, 2004, by and among the
Company and the other signatories thereto (the "Registration Rights Agreement").

           (b) Warrant Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Warrant is
exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the holder hereof at the office or
agency of the Company referred to in Paragraph 7(e) below, for new Warrants of
like tenor representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of
shares of Common Stock which may be purchased hereunder, each of such new
Warrants to represent the right to purchase such number of shares as shall be
designated by the holder hereof at the time of such surrender.

           (c) Replacement of Warrant. Upon receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of
this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft, or destruction, upon
delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and amount to

                                       9
<PAGE>
the Company, or, in the case of any such mutilation, upon surrender and
cancellation of this Warrant, the Company, at its expense, will execute and
deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor.

           (d) Cancellation; Payment of Expenses. Upon the surrender of this
Warrant in connection with any transfer, exchange, or replacement as provided in
this Paragraph 7, this Warrant shall be promptly canceled by the Company. The
Company shall pay all taxes (other than securities transfer taxes) and all other
expenses (other than legal expenses, if any, incurred by the holder or
transferees) and charges payable in connection with the preparation, execution,
and delivery of Warrants pursuant to this Paragraph 7.

           (e) Register. The Company shall maintain, at its principal executive
offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by
notice to the holder hereof), a register for this Warrant, in which the Company
shall record the name and address of the person in whose name this Warrant has
been issued, as well as the name and address of each transferee and each prior
owner of this Warrant.

           (f) Exercise or Transfer Without Registration. If, at the time of the
surrender of this Warrant in connection with any exercise, transfer, or exchange
of this Warrant, this Warrant (or, in the case of any exercise, the Warrant
Shares issuable hereunder), shall not be registered under the Securities Act and
under applicable state securities or blue sky laws, the Company may require, as
a condition of allowing such exercise, transfer, or exchange, (i) that the
holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, furnish to the Company
a written opinion of counsel, which opinion and counsel are acceptable to the
Company, to the effect that such exercise, transfer, or exchange may be made
without registration under said Act and under applicable state securities or
blue sky laws, (ii) that the holder or transferee execute and deliver to the
Company an investment letter in form and substance acceptable to the Company and
(iii) that the transferee be an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a)
promulgated under the Securities Act; provided that no such opinion, letter or
status as an "accredited investor" shall be required in connection with a
transfer pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. The first holder of this
Warrant, by taking and holding the same, represents to the Company that such
holder is acquiring this Warrant for investment and not with a view to the
distribution thereof.

     8.    Registration Rights. The initial holder of this Warrant (and certain
assignees thereof) is entitled to the benefit of such registration rights in
respect of the Warrant Shares as are set forth in Section 2 of the Registration
Rights Agreement.

                                       10
<PAGE>
     9.    Notices. All notices, requests, and other communications required or
permitted to be given or delivered hereunder to the holder of this Warrant shall
be in writing, and shall be personally delivered, or shall be sent by certified
or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier, postage prepaid and
addressed, to such holder at the address shown for such holder on the books of
the Company, or at such other address as shall have been furnished to the
Company by notice from such holder. All notices, requests, and other
communications required or permitted to be given or delivered hereunder to the
Company shall be in writing, and shall be personally delivered, or shall be sent
by certified or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier, postage
prepaid and addressed, to the office of the Company at 12268 Via Latina, Del
Mar, California 92914, Attention: President, or at such other address as shall
have been furnished to the holder of this Warrant by notice from the Company.
Any such notice, request, or other communication may be sent by facsimile, but
shall in such case be subsequently confirmed by a writing personally delivered
or sent by certified or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier
as provided above. All notices, requests, and other communications shall be
deemed to have been given either at the time of the receipt thereof by the
person entitled to receive such notice at the address of such person for
purposes of this Paragraph 9, or, if mailed by registered or certified mail or
with a recognized overnight mail courier upon deposit with the United States
Post Office or such overnight mail courier, if postage is prepaid and the
mailing is properly addressed, as the case may be.

     10.    Governing Law. THIS WARRANT SHALL BE ENFORCED, GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO
AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD
TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK,
NEW YORK WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THIS WARRANT, THE AGREEMENTS
ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR
THEREBY. BOTH PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO
THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING. BOTH PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT
SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON A PARTY MAILED BY FIRST CLASS MAIL SHALL BE DEEMED IN
EVERY RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THE PARTY IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR
PROCEEDING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT EITHER PARTY'S RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN
ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. BOTH PARTIES AGREE THAT A FINAL
NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND
MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON SUCH JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER
LAWFUL MANNER. THE PARTY WHICH DOES NOT PREVAIL IN ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER
THIS WARRANT SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL FEES AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING
ATTORNEYS' FEES, INCURRED BY THE PREVAILING PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH
DISPUTE.

     11.    Miscellaneous.

           (a) Amendments. This Warrant and any provision hereof may only be
amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the holder hereof.

                                       11
<PAGE>
           (b) Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings of the several
paragraphs of this Warrant are inserted for purposes of reference only, and
shall not affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

           (c) Cashless Exercise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Warrant, if the resale of the Warrant Shares by the holder is
not then registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act, this Warrant may be exercised by presentation and surrender of
this Warrant to the Company at its principal executive offices with a written
notice of the holder's intention to effect a cashless exercise, including a
calculation of the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon such
exercise in accordance with the terms hereof (a "Cashless Exercise"). In the
event of a Cashless Exercise, in lieu of paying the Exercise Price in cash, the
holder shall surrender this Warrant for that number of shares of Common Stock
determined by multiplying the number of Warrant Shares to which it would
otherwise be entitled by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the
difference between the then current Market Price per share of the Common Stock
and the Exercise Price, and the denominator of which shall be the then current
Market Price per share of Common Stock. For example, if the holder is exercising
100,000 Warrants with a per Warrant exercise price of $0.75 per share through a
cashless exercise when the Common Stock's current Market Price per share is
$2.00 per share, then upon such Cashless Exercise the holder will receive 62,500
shares of Common Stock. (d) Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by
it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the holder, by
vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby.
Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its
obligations under this Warrant will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a
breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Warrant,
that the holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies
at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an
injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this
Warrant and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required.









                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]




                                       12
<PAGE>
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be
signed by its duly authorized officer.

                                       PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT
                                       HOLDINGS, INC.



                                       By: /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                               -------------
                                               Edward Litwak
                                               President


Dated as of December 17, 2004


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dec232004form8kex47.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.7




     THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE
     NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. EXCEPT AS
     OTHERWISE SET FORTH HEREIN OR IN A SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS
     OF DECEMBER 17, 2004, NEITHER THIS WARRANT NOR ANY OF SUCH SHARES MAY BE
     SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
     STATEMENT FOR SUCH SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT OR, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN
     FORM, SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE, CUSTOMARY FOR OPINIONS OF COUNSEL IN COMPARABLE
     TRANSACTIONS, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SUCH ACT OR UNLESS
     SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR REGULATION S UNDER SUCH ACT.

                                                   Right to
                                                   Purchase 532,000
                                                   Shares of Common
                                                   Stock, $.001 par
                                                   value per share

                             STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

     THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received, AJW QUALIFIED PARTNERS, LLC or its
registered assigns, is entitled to purchase from Pacificap Entertainment
Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), at any time or from time
to time during the period specified in Paragraph 2 hereof, Five Hundred
Thirty-Two Thousand (532,000) fully paid and nonassessable shares of the
Company's Common Stock, $.001 par value per share (the "Common Stock"), at an
exercise price per share equal to $.02 (the "Exercise Price"). The term "Warrant
Shares," as used herein, refers to the shares of Common Stock purchasable
hereunder. The Warrant Shares and the Exercise Price are subject to adjustment
as provided in Paragraph 4 hereof. The term "Warrants" means this Warrant and
the other warrants issued pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated December 17, 2004, by and among the Company and the Buyers
listed on the execution page thereof (the "Securities Purchase Agreement"),
including any additional warrants issuable pursuant to Section 4(l) thereof.

     This Warrant is subject to the following terms, provisions, and conditions:

     1.    Manner of Exercise; Issuance of Certificates; Payment for Shares.
Subject to the provisions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the holder
hereof, in whole or in part, by the surrender of this Warrant, together with a
completed exercise agreement in the form attached hereto (the "Exercise
Agreement"), to the Company during normal business hours on any business day at
the Company's principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the

<PAGE>
Company as it may designate by notice to the holder hereof), and upon (i)
payment to the Company in cash, by certified or official bank check or by wire
transfer for the account of the Company of the Exercise Price for the Warrant
Shares specified in the Exercise Agreement or (ii) if the resale of the Warrant
Shares by the holder is not then registered pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), delivery to the Company of a written notice of an election to
effect a "Cashless Exercise" (as defined in Section 11(c) below) for the Warrant
Shares specified in the Exercise Agreement. The Warrant Shares so purchased
shall be deemed to be issued to the holder hereof or such holder's designee, as
the record owner of such shares, as of the close of business on the date on
which this Warrant shall have been surrendered, the completed Exercise Agreement
shall have been delivered, and payment shall have been made for such shares as
set forth above. Certificates for the Warrant Shares so purchased, representing
the aggregate number of shares specified in the Exercise Agreement, shall be
delivered to the holder hereof within a reasonable time, not exceeding three (3)
business days, after this Warrant shall have been so exercised. The certificates
so delivered shall be in such denominations as may be requested by the holder
hereof and shall be registered in the name of such holder or such other name as
shall be designated by such holder. If this Warrant shall have been exercised
only in part, then, unless this Warrant has expired, the Company shall, at its
expense, at the time of delivery of such certificates, deliver to the holder a
new Warrant representing the number of shares with respect to which this Warrant
shall not then have been exercised. In addition to all other available remedies
at law or in equity, if the Company fails to deliver certificates for the
Warrant Shares within three (3) business days after this Warrant is exercised,
then the Company shall pay to the holder in cash a penalty (the "Penalty") equal
to 2% of the number of Warrant Shares that the holder is entitled to multiplied
by the Market Price (as hereinafter defined) for each day that the Company fails
to deliver certificates for the Warrant Shares. For example, if the holder is
entitled to 100,000 Warrant Shares and the Market Price is $2.00, then the
Company shall pay to the holder $4,000 for each day that the Company fails to
deliver certificates for the Warrant Shares. The Penalty shall be paid to the
holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has
accrued.

     Notwithstanding anything in this Warrant to the contrary, in no event shall
the holder of this Warrant be entitled to exercise a number of Warrants (or
portions thereof) in excess of the number of Warrants (or portions thereof) upon
exercise of which the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common
Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the
unexercised Warrants and the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including the Notes (as defined in the Securities
Purchase Agreement)) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein) and (ii) the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (or portions thereof) with respect
to which the determination described herein is being made, would result in
beneficial ownership by the holder and its affiliates of more than 4.9% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the immediately preceding
sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Regulation 13D-G
thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (i) of the preceding
sentence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
limitation on exercise of this Warrant set forth herein may not be amended
without (i) the written consent of the holder hereof and the Company and (ii)
the approval of a majority of shareholders of the Company.

                                       2
<PAGE>
     2.    Period of Exercise. This Warrant is exercisable at any time or from
time to time on or after the date on which this Warrant is issued and delivered
pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and before 6:00 p.m.,
New York, New York time on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date of issuance
(the "Exercise Period").

     3.    Certain Agreements of the Company. The Company hereby covenants and
agrees as follows:

           (a) Shares to be Fully Paid. All Warrant Shares will, upon issuance
in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, be validly issued, fully paid, and
nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens, and charges with respect to the
issue thereof.

           (b) Reservation of Shares. Subject to the Stockholder Approval (as
defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), during the Exercise Period, the
Company shall at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of
issuance upon exercise of this Warrant, a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock to provide for the exercise of this Warrant.

           (c) Listing. The Company shall promptly secure the listing of the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant upon each national
securities exchange or automated quotation system, if any, upon which shares of
Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice of issuance upon
exercise of this Warrant) and shall maintain, so long as any other shares of
Common Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all shares of Common Stock from
time to time issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant; and the Company shall
so list on each national securities exchange or automated quotation system, as
the case may be, and shall maintain such listing of, any other shares of capital
stock of the Company issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant if and so long
as any shares of the same class shall be listed on such national securities
exchange or automated quotation system.

           (d) Certain Actions Prohibited. The Company will not, by amendment of
its charter or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be
observed or performed by it hereunder, but will at all times in good faith
assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Warrant and in the
taking of all such action as may reasonably be requested by the holder of this
Warrant in order to protect the exercise privilege of the holder of this Warrant
against dilution or other impairment, consistent with the tenor and purpose of
this Warrant. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i)
will not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon
the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, and (ii)
will take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the
Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant.

           (e) Successors and Assigns. This Warrant will be binding upon any
entity succeeding to the Company by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of all
or substantially all the Company's assets.

     4.    Antidilution Provisions. During the Exercise Period, the Exercise
Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be subject to adjustment from time
to time as provided in this Paragraph 4.

                                       3
<PAGE>
     In the event that any adjustment of the Exercise Price as required herein
results in a fraction of a cent, such Exercise Price shall be rounded up to the
nearest cent.

           (a) Adjustment of Exercise Price and Number of Shares upon Issuance
of Common Stock. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 4(c) and 4(e)
hereof, if and whenever on or after the date of issuance of this Warrant, the
Company issues or sells, or in accordance with Paragraph 4(b) hereof is deemed
to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock for no consideration or for a
consideration per share (before deduction of reasonable expenses or commissions
or underwriting discounts or allowances in connection therewith) less than the
Market Price on the date of issuance (a "Dilutive Issuance"), then immediately
upon the Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price will be reduced to a price
determined by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the
Dilutive Issuance by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is an amount equal
to the sum of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock actually outstanding
immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance, plus (y) the quotient of the
aggregate consideration, calculated as set forth in Paragraph 4(b) hereof,
received by the Company upon such Dilutive Issuance divided by the Market Price
in effect immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance, and (ii) the denominator
of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock Deemed Outstanding (as
defined below) immediately after the Dilutive Issuance.

           (b) Effect on Exercise Price of Certain Events. For purposes of
determining the adjusted Exercise Price under Paragraph 4(a) hereof, the
following will be applicable:

               (i) Issuance of Rights or Options. If the Company in any manner
issues or grants any warrants, rights or options, whether or not immediately
exercisable, to subscribe for or to purchase Common Stock or other securities
convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock ("Convertible Securities")
(such warrants, rights and options to purchase Common Stock or Convertible
Securities are hereinafter referred to as "Options") and the price per share for
which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options is less than
the Market Price on the date of issuance or grant of such Options, then the
maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all
such Options will, as of the date of the issuance or grant of such Options, be
deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company for
such price per share. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the "price per
share for which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options" is
determined by dividing (i) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by
the Company as consideration for the issuance or granting of all such Options,
plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable
to the Company upon the exercise of all such Options, plus, in the case of
Convertible Securities issuable upon the exercise of such Options, the minimum
aggregate amount of additional consideration payable upon the conversion or
exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities first become
convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all such Options (assuming full
conversion of Convertible Securities, if applicable). No further adjustment to
the Exercise Price will be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock
upon the exercise of such Options or upon the conversion or exchange of
Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of such Options.

               (ii) Issuance of Convertible Securities. If the Company in any
manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities, whether or not immediately


                                       4
<PAGE>
convertible (other than where the same are issuable upon the exercise of
Options) and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon such
conversion or exchange is less than the Market Price on the date of issuance,
then the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities will, as of the date
of the issuance of such Convertible Securities, be deemed to be outstanding and
to have been issued and sold by the Company for such price per share. For the
purposes of the preceding sentence, the "price per share for which Common Stock
is issuable upon such conversion or exchange" is determined by dividing (i) the
total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Company as consideration for
the issuance or sale of all such Convertible Securities, plus the minimum
aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to the Company
upon the conversion or exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities
first become convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such
Convertible Securities. No further adjustment to the Exercise Price will be made
upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock upon conversion or exchange of
such Convertible Securities.

               (iii) Change in Option Price or Conversion Rate. If there is a
change at any time in (i) the amount of additional consideration payable to the
Company upon the exercise of any Options; (ii) the amount of additional
consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion or exchange of
any Convertible Securities; or (iii) the rate at which any Convertible
Securities are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock (other than
under or by reason of provisions designed to protect against dilution), the
Exercise Price in effect at the time of such change will be readjusted to the
Exercise Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or
Convertible Securities still outstanding provided for such changed additional
consideration or changed conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time
initially granted, issued or sold.

               (iv) Treatment of Expired Options and Unexercised Convertible
Securities. If, in any case, the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of any Option or upon conversion or exchange of any Convertible
Securities is not, in fact, issued and the rights to exercise such Option or to
convert or exchange such Convertible Securities shall have expired or
terminated, the Exercise Price then in effect will be readjusted to the Exercise
Price which would have been in effect at the time of such expiration or
termination had such Option or Convertible Securities, to the extent outstanding
immediately prior to such expiration or termination (other than in respect of
the actual number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise or conversion
thereof), never been issued.

               (v) Calculation of Consideration Received. If any Common Stock,
Options or Convertible Securities are issued, granted or sold for cash, the
consideration received therefor for purposes of this Warrant will be the amount
received by the Company therefor, before deduction of reasonable commissions,
underwriting discounts or allowances or other reasonable expenses paid or
incurred by the Company in connection with such issuance, grant or sale. In case
any Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a
consideration part or all of which shall be other than cash, the amount of the
consideration other than cash received by the Company will be the fair value of
such consideration, except where such consideration consists of securities, in
which case the amount of consideration received by the Company will be the


                                       5
<PAGE>
Market Price thereof as of the date of receipt. In case any Common Stock,
Options or Convertible Securities are issued in connection with any acquisition,
merger or consolidation in which the Company is the surviving corporation, the
amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair value of such
portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving corporation as is
attributable to such Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, as the
case may be. The fair value of any consideration other than cash or securities
will be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company.

               (vi) Exceptions to Adjustment of Exercise Price. No adjustment to
the Exercise Price will be made (i) upon the exercise of any warrants, options
or convertible securities granted, issued and outstanding on the date of
issuance of this Warrant; (ii) upon the grant or exercise of any stock or
options which may hereafter be granted or exercised under any employee benefit
plan, stock option plan or restricted stock plan of the Company now existing or
to be implemented in the future, so long as the issuance of such stock or
options is approved by a majority of the independent members of the Board of
Directors of the Company or a majority of the members of a committee of
independent directors established for such purpose; or (iii) upon the exercise
of the Warrants.

           (c) Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. If the Company at any
time subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise) the shares of Common Stock
acquirable hereunder into a greater number of shares, then, after the date of
record for effecting such subdivision, the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced. If the Company at any
time combines (by reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization,
reclassification or otherwise) the shares of Common Stock acquirable hereunder
into a smaller number of shares, then, after the date of record for effecting
such combination, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such
combination will be proportionately increased.

           (d) Adjustment in Number of Shares. Upon each adjustment of the
Exercise Price pursuant to the provisions of this Paragraph 4, the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be adjusted
by multiplying a number equal to the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment by the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and dividing the
product so obtained by the adjusted Exercise Price.

           (e) Consolidation, Merger or Sale. In case of any consolidation of
the Company with, or merger of the Company into any other corporation, or in
case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the
Company, then as a condition of such consolidation, merger or sale or
conveyance, adequate provision will be made whereby the holder of this Warrant
will have the right to acquire and receive upon exercise of this Warrant in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore acquirable upon the
exercise of this Warrant, such shares of stock, securities or assets as may be
issued or payable with respect to or in exchange for the number of shares of
Common Stock immediately theretofore acquirable and receivable upon exercise of
this Warrant had such consolidation, merger or sale or conveyance not taken
place. In any such case, the Company will make appropriate provision to insure
that the provisions of this Paragraph 4 hereof will thereafter be applicable as
nearly as may be in relation to any shares of stock or securities thereafter


                                       6
<PAGE>
deliverable upon the exercise of this Warrant. The Company will not effect any
consolidation, merger or sale or conveyance unless prior to the consummation
thereof, the successor corporation (if other than the Company) assumes by
written instrument the obligations under this Paragraph 4 and the obligations to
deliver to the holder of this Warrant such shares of stock, securities or assets
as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the holder may be entitled to
acquire.

           (f) Distribution of Assets. In case the Company shall declare or make
any distribution of its assets (including cash) to holders of Common Stock as a
partial liquidating dividend, by way of return of capital or otherwise, then,
after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such
distribution, but prior to the date of distribution, the holder of this Warrant
shall be entitled upon exercise of this Warrant for the purchase of any or all
of the shares of Common Stock subject hereto, to receive the amount of such
assets which would have been payable to the holder had such holder been the
holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination
of shareholders entitled to such distribution.

           (g) Notice of Adjustment. Upon the occurrence of any event which
requires any adjustment of the Exercise Price, then, and in each such case, the
Company shall give notice thereof to the holder of this Warrant, which notice
shall state the Exercise Price resulting from such adjustment and the increase
or decrease in the number of Warrant Shares purchasable at such price upon
exercise, setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the
facts upon which such calculation is based. Such calculation shall be certified
by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

           (h) Minimum Adjustment of Exercise Price. No adjustment of the
Exercise Price shall be made in an amount of less than 1% of the Exercise Price
in effect at the time such adjustment is otherwise required to be made, but any
such lesser adjustment shall be carried forward and shall be made at the time
and together with the next subsequent adjustment which, together with any
adjustments so carried forward, shall amount to not less than 1% of such
Exercise Price.

           (i) No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock are to
be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but the Company shall pay a cash
adjustment in respect of any fractional share which would otherwise be issuable
in an amount equal to the same fraction of the Market Price of a share of Common
Stock on the date of such exercise.

           (j) Other Notices. In case at any time:

               (i) the Company shall declare any dividend upon the Common Stock
payable in shares of stock of any class or make any other distribution
(including dividends or distributions payable in cash out of retained earnings)
to the holders of the Common Stock;

               (ii) the Company shall offer for subscription pro rata to the
holders of the Common Stock any additional shares of stock of any class or other
rights;

               (iii) there shall be any capital reorganization of the Company,
or reclassification of the Common Stock, or consolidation or merger of the
Company with or into, or sale of all or substantially all its assets to, another
corporation or entity; or

               (iv) there shall be a voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the Company; then, in each such case, the Company


                                       7
<PAGE>
shall give to the holder of this Warrant (a) notice of the date on which the
books of the Company shall close or a record shall be taken for determining the
holders of Common Stock entitled to receive any such dividend, distribution, or
subscription rights or for determining the holders of Common Stock entitled to
vote in respect of any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up and (b) in the case of any
such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution,
liquidation or winding-up, notice of the date (or, if not then known, a
reasonable approximation thereof by the Company) when the same shall take place.
Such notice shall also specify the date on which the holders of Common Stock
shall be entitled to receive such dividend, distribution, or subscription rights
or to exchange their Common Stock for stock or other securities or property
deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up, as the case may be. Such notice
shall be given at least thirty (30) days prior to the record date or the date on
which the Company's books are closed in respect thereto. Failure to give any
such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the
proceedings referred to in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above.

           (k) Certain Events. If any event occurs of the type contemplated by
the adjustment provisions of this Paragraph 4 but not expressly provided for by
such provisions, the Company will give notice of such event as provided in
Paragraph 4(g) hereof, and the Company's Board of Directors will make an
appropriate adjustment in the Exercise Price and the number of shares of Common
Stock acquirable upon exercise of this Warrant so that the rights of the holder
shall be neither enhanced nor diminished by such event.

           (l) Certain Definitions.

               (i) "Common Stock Deemed Outstanding" shall mean the number of
shares of Common Stock actually outstanding (not including shares of Common
Stock held in the treasury of the Company), plus (x) pursuant to Paragraph
4(b)(i) hereof, the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of Options, as of the date of such issuance or grant of such
Options, if any, and (y) pursuant to Paragraph 4(b)(ii) hereof, the maximum
total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exchange of
Convertible Securities, as of the date of issuance of such Convertible
Securities, if any.

               (ii) "Market Price," as of any date, (i) means the average of the
last reported sale prices for the shares of Common Stock on the OTCBB for the
five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding such date as reported by Bloomberg,
or (ii) if the OTCBB is not the principal trading market for the shares of
Common Stock, the average of the last reported sale prices on the principal
trading market for the Common Stock during the same period as reported by
Bloomberg, or (iii) if market value cannot be calculated as of such date on any
of the foregoing bases, the Market Price shall be the fair market value as
reasonably determined in good faith by (a) the Board of Directors of the Company
or, at the option of a majority-in-interest of the holders of the outstanding
Warrants by (b) an independent investment bank of nationally recognized standing
in the valuation of businesses similar to the business of the corporation. The
manner of determining the Market Price of the Common Stock set forth in the
foregoing definition shall apply with respect to any other security in respect
of which a determination as to market value must be made hereunder.

                                       8
<PAGE>
               (iii) "Common Stock," for purposes of this Paragraph 4, includes
the Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, and any additional class of stock
of the Company having no preference as to dividends or distributions on
liquidation, provided that the shares purchasable pursuant to this Warrant shall
include only shares of Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, in respect of
which this Warrant is exercisable, or shares resulting from any subdivision or
combination of such Common Stock, or in the case of any reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, or sale of the character referred to in
Paragraph 4(e) hereof, the stock or other securities or property provided for in
such Paragraph.

     5.    Issue Tax. The issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the holder of this
Warrant or such shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof,
provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be
payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any
certificate in a name other than the holder of this Warrant.

     6.    No Rights or Liabilities as a Shareholder. This Warrant shall not
entitle the holder hereof to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder
of the Company. No provision of this Warrant, in the absence of affirmative
action by the holder hereof to purchase Warrant Shares, and no mere enumeration
herein of the rights or privileges of the holder hereof, shall give rise to any
liability of such holder for the Exercise Price or as a shareholder of the
Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of
the Company.

     7.    Transfer, Exchange, and Replacement of Warrant.

           (a) Restriction on Transfer. This Warrant and the rights granted to
the holder hereof are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this
Warrant, together with a properly executed assignment in the form attached
hereto, at the office or agency of the Company referred to in Paragraph 7(e)
below, provided, however, that any transfer or assignment shall be subject to
the conditions set forth in Paragraph 7(f) hereof and to the applicable
provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement. Until due presentment for
registration of transfer on the books of the Company, the Company may treat the
registered holder hereof as the owner and holder hereof for all purposes, and
the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the registration rights described in
Paragraph 8 are assignable only in accordance with the provisions of that
certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 17, 2004, by and among the
Company and the other signatories thereto (the "Registration Rights Agreement").

           (b) Warrant Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Warrant is
exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the holder hereof at the office or
agency of the Company referred to in Paragraph 7(e) below, for new Warrants of
like tenor representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of
shares of Common Stock which may be purchased hereunder, each of such new
Warrants to represent the right to purchase such number of shares as shall be
designated by the holder hereof at the time of such surrender.

           (c) Replacement of Warrant. Upon receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of
this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft, or destruction, upon
delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and amount to


                                       9
<PAGE>
the Company, or, in the case of any such mutilation, upon surrender and
cancellation of this Warrant, the Company, at its expense, will execute and
deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor.

           (d) Cancellation; Payment of Expenses. Upon the surrender of this
Warrant in connection with any transfer, exchange, or replacement as provided in
this Paragraph 7, this Warrant shall be promptly canceled by the Company. The
Company shall pay all taxes (other than securities transfer taxes) and all other
expenses (other than legal expenses, if any, incurred by the holder or
transferees) and charges payable in connection with the preparation, execution,
and delivery of Warrants pursuant to this Paragraph 7.

           (e) Register. The Company shall maintain, at its principal executive
offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by
notice to the holder hereof), a register for this Warrant, in which the Company
shall record the name and address of the person in whose name this Warrant has
been issued, as well as the name and address of each transferee and each prior
owner of this Warrant.

           (f) Exercise or Transfer Without Registration. If, at the time of the
surrender of this Warrant in connection with any exercise, transfer, or exchange
of this Warrant, this Warrant (or, in the case of any exercise, the Warrant
Shares issuable hereunder), shall not be registered under the Securities Act and
under applicable state securities or blue sky laws, the Company may require, as
a condition of allowing such exercise, transfer, or exchange, (i) that the
holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, furnish to the Company
a written opinion of counsel, which opinion and counsel are acceptable to the
Company, to the effect that such exercise, transfer, or exchange may be made
without registration under said Act and under applicable state securities or
blue sky laws, (ii) that the holder or transferee execute and deliver to the
Company an investment letter in form and substance acceptable to the Company and
(iii) that the transferee be an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a)
promulgated under the Securities Act; provided that no such opinion, letter or
status as an "accredited investor" shall be required in connection with a
transfer pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. The first holder of this
Warrant, by taking and holding the same, represents to the Company that such
holder is acquiring this Warrant for investment and not with a view to the
distribution thereof.

     8.    Registration Rights. The initial holder of this Warrant (and certain
assignees thereof) is entitled to the benefit of such registration rights in
respect of the Warrant Shares as are set forth in Section 2 of the Registration
Rights Agreement.

                                       10
<PAGE>
     9.    Notices. All notices, requests, and other communications required or
permitted to be given or delivered hereunder to the holder of this Warrant shall
be in writing, and shall be personally delivered, or shall be sent by certified
or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier, postage prepaid and
addressed, to such holder at the address shown for such holder on the books of
the Company, or at such other address as shall have been furnished to the
Company by notice from such holder. All notices, requests, and other
communications required or permitted to be given or delivered hereunder to the
Company shall be in writing, and shall be personally delivered, or shall be sent
by certified or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier, postage
prepaid and addressed, to the office of the Company at 12268 Via Latina, Del
Mar, California 92914, Attention: President, or at such other address as shall
have been furnished to the holder of this Warrant by notice from the Company.
Any such notice, request, or other communication may be sent by facsimile, but
shall in such case be subsequently confirmed by a writing personally delivered
or sent by certified or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier
as provided above. All notices, requests, and other communications shall be
deemed to have been given either at the time of the receipt thereof by the
person entitled to receive such notice at the address of such person for
purposes of this Paragraph 9, or, if mailed by registered or certified mail or
with a recognized overnight mail courier upon deposit with the United States
Post Office or such overnight mail courier, if postage is prepaid and the
mailing is properly addressed, as the case may be.

     10.    Governing Law. THIS WARRANT SHALL BE ENFORCED, GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO
AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD
TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK,
NEW YORK WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THIS WARRANT, THE AGREEMENTS
ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR
THEREBY. BOTH PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO
THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING. BOTH PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT
SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON A PARTY MAILED BY FIRST CLASS MAIL SHALL BE DEEMED IN
EVERY RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THE PARTY IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR
PROCEEDING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT EITHER PARTY'S RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN
ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. BOTH PARTIES AGREE THAT A FINAL
NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND
MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON SUCH JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER
LAWFUL MANNER. THE PARTY WHICH DOES NOT PREVAIL IN ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER
THIS WARRANT SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL FEES AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING
ATTORNEYS' FEES, INCURRED BY THE PREVAILING PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH
DISPUTE.

     11.    Miscellaneous.

           (a) Amendments. This Warrant and any provision hereof may only be
amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the holder hereof.

                                       11
<PAGE>
           (b) Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings of the several
paragraphs of this Warrant are inserted for purposes of reference only, and
shall not affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

           (c) Cashless Exercise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Warrant, if the resale of the Warrant Shares by the holder is
not then registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act, this Warrant may be exercised by presentation and surrender of
this Warrant to the Company at its principal executive offices with a written
notice of the holder's intention to effect a cashless exercise, including a
calculation of the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon such
exercise in accordance with the terms hereof (a "Cashless Exercise"). In the
event of a Cashless Exercise, in lieu of paying the Exercise Price in cash, the
holder shall surrender this Warrant for that number of shares of Common Stock
determined by multiplying the number of Warrant Shares to which it would
otherwise be entitled by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the
difference between the then current Market Price per share of the Common Stock
and the Exercise Price, and the denominator of which shall be the then current
Market Price per share of Common Stock. For example, if the holder is exercising
100,000 Warrants with a per Warrant exercise price of $0.75 per share through a
cashless exercise when the Common Stock's current Market Price per share is
$2.00 per share, then upon such Cashless Exercise the holder will receive 62,500
shares of Common Stock.

           (d) Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its
obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the holder, by vitiating
the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the
Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Warrant will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or
threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Warrant, that the
holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or
in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Warrant and
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity
of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.









                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]




                                       12
<PAGE>
           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be signed
by its duly authorized officer.

                                                     PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT
                                                     HOLDINGS, INC.



                                                     By: /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                                             -------------
                                                             Edward Litwak
                                                             President


Dated as of December 17, 2004


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>dec232004form8kex48.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.8




     THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE
     NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. EXCEPT AS
     OTHERWISE SET FORTH HEREIN OR IN A SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS
     OF DECEMBER 17, 2004, NEITHER THIS WARRANT NOR ANY OF SUCH SHARES MAY BE
     SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
     STATEMENT FOR SUCH SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT OR, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN
     FORM, SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE, CUSTOMARY FOR OPINIONS OF COUNSEL IN COMPARABLE
     TRANSACTIONS, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SUCH ACT OR UNLESS
     SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR REGULATION S UNDER SUCH ACT.

                                                         Right to
                                                         Purchase 210,000
                                                         Shares of Common
                                                         Stock, $.001 par
                                                         value per share

                             STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

     THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received, AJW PARTNERS, LLC or its
registered assigns, is entitled to purchase from Pacificap Entertainment
Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), at any time or from time
to time during the period specified in Paragraph 2 hereof, Two Hundred Ten
Thousand (210,000) fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Company's Common
Stock, $.001 par value per share (the "Common Stock"), at an exercise price per
share equal to $.02 (the "Exercise Price"). The term "Warrant Shares," as used
herein, refers to the shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder. The Warrant
Shares and the Exercise Price are subject to adjustment as provided in Paragraph
4 hereof. The term "Warrants" means this Warrant and the other warrants issued
pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 17, 2004,
by and among the Company and the Buyers listed on the execution page thereof
(the "Securities Purchase Agreement"), including any additional warrants
issuable pursuant to Section 4(l) thereof.

     This Warrant is subject to the following terms, provisions, and conditions:

     1.    Manner of Exercise; Issuance of Certificates; Payment for Shares.
Subject to the provisions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the holder
hereof, in whole or in part, by the surrender of this Warrant, together with a
completed exercise agreement in the form attached hereto (the "Exercise
Agreement"), to the Company during normal business hours on any business day at
the Company's principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the

<PAGE>
Company as it may designate by notice to the holder hereof), and upon (i)
payment to the Company in cash, by certified or official bank check or by wire
transfer for the account of the Company of the Exercise Price for the Warrant
Shares specified in the Exercise Agreement or (ii) if the resale of the Warrant
Shares by the holder is not then registered pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), delivery to the Company of a written notice of an election to
effect a "Cashless Exercise" (as defined in Section 11(c) below) for the Warrant
Shares specified in the Exercise Agreement. The Warrant Shares so purchased
shall be deemed to be issued to the holder hereof or such holder's designee, as
the record owner of such shares, as of the close of business on the date on
which this Warrant shall have been surrendered, the completed Exercise Agreement
shall have been delivered, and payment shall have been made for such shares as
set forth above. Certificates for the Warrant Shares so purchased, representing
the aggregate number of shares specified in the Exercise Agreement, shall be
delivered to the holder hereof within a reasonable time, not exceeding three (3)
business days, after this Warrant shall have been so exercised. The certificates
so delivered shall be in such denominations as may be requested by the holder
hereof and shall be registered in the name of such holder or such other name as
shall be designated by such holder. If this Warrant shall have been exercised
only in part, then, unless this Warrant has expired, the Company shall, at its
expense, at the time of delivery of such certificates, deliver to the holder a
new Warrant representing the number of shares with respect to which this Warrant
shall not then have been exercised. In addition to all other available remedies
at law or in equity, if the Company fails to deliver certificates for the
Warrant Shares within three (3) business days after this Warrant is exercised,
then the Company shall pay to the holder in cash a penalty (the "Penalty") equal
to 2% of the number of Warrant Shares that the holder is entitled to multiplied
by the Market Price (as hereinafter defined) for each day that the Company fails
to deliver certificates for the Warrant Shares. For example, if the holder is
entitled to 100,000 Warrant Shares and the Market Price is $2.00, then the
Company shall pay to the holder $4,000 for each day that the Company fails to
deliver certificates for the Warrant Shares. The Penalty shall be paid to the
holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has
accrued.

     Notwithstanding anything in this Warrant to the contrary, in no event shall
the holder of this Warrant be entitled to exercise a number of Warrants (or
portions thereof) in excess of the number of Warrants (or portions thereof) upon
exercise of which the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common
Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the
unexercised Warrants and the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including the Notes (as defined in the Securities
Purchase Agreement)) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein) and (ii) the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (or portions thereof) with respect
to which the determination described herein is being made, would result in
beneficial ownership by the holder and its affiliates of more than 4.9% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the immediately preceding
sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Regulation 13D-G
thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (i) of the preceding
sentence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
limitation on exercise of this Warrant set forth herein may not be amended
without (i) the written consent of the holder hereof and the Company and (ii)
the approval of a majority of shareholders of the Company.



                                       2
<PAGE>
     2.    Period of Exercise. This Warrant is exercisable at any time or from
time to time on or after the date on which this Warrant is issued and delivered
pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and before 6:00 p.m.,
New York, New York time on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date of issuance
(the "Exercise Period").

     3.    Certain Agreements of the Company. The Company hereby covenants and
agrees as follows:

           (a) Shares to be Fully Paid. All Warrant Shares will, upon issuance
in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, be validly issued, fully paid, and
nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens, and charges with respect to the
issue thereof.

           (b) Reservation of Shares. Subject to the Stockholder Approval (as
defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), during the Exercise Period, the
Company shall at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of
issuance upon exercise of this Warrant, a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock to provide for the exercise of this Warrant.

           (c) Listing. The Company shall promptly secure the listing of the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant upon each national
securities exchange or automated quotation system, if any, upon which shares of
Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice of issuance upon
exercise of this Warrant) and shall maintain, so long as any other shares of
Common Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all shares of Common Stock from
time to time issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant; and the Company shall
so list on each national securities exchange or automated quotation system, as
the case may be, and shall maintain such listing of, any other shares of capital
stock of the Company issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant if and so long
as any shares of the same class shall be listed on such national securities
exchange or automated quotation system.

           (d) Certain Actions Prohibited. The Company will not, by amendment of
its charter or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be
observed or performed by it hereunder, but will at all times in good faith
assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Warrant and in the
taking of all such action as may reasonably be requested by the holder of this
Warrant in order to protect the exercise privilege of the holder of this Warrant
against dilution or other impairment, consistent with the tenor and purpose of
this Warrant. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i)
will not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon
the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, and (ii)
will take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the
Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant.

           (e) Successors and Assigns. This Warrant will be binding upon any
entity succeeding to the Company by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of all
or substantially all the Company's assets.

     4.    Antidilution Provisions. During the Exercise Period, the Exercise
Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be subject to adjustment from time
to time as provided in this Paragraph 4.

                                       3
<PAGE>
     In the event that any adjustment of the Exercise Price as required herein
results in a fraction of a cent, such Exercise Price shall be rounded up to the
nearest cent.

           (a) Adjustment of Exercise Price and Number of Shares upon Issuance
of Common Stock. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 4(c) and 4(e)
hereof, if and whenever on or after the date of issuance of this Warrant, the
Company issues or sells, or in accordance with Paragraph 4(b) hereof is deemed
to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock for no consideration or for a
consideration per share (before deduction of reasonable expenses or commissions
or underwriting discounts or allowances in connection therewith) less than the
Market Price on the date of issuance (a "Dilutive Issuance"), then immediately
upon the Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price will be reduced to a price
determined by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the
Dilutive Issuance by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is an amount equal
to the sum of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock actually outstanding
immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance, plus (y) the quotient of the
aggregate consideration, calculated as set forth in Paragraph 4(b) hereof,
received by the Company upon such Dilutive Issuance divided by the Market Price
in effect immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance, and (ii) the denominator
of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock Deemed Outstanding (as
defined below) immediately after the Dilutive Issuance.

           (b) Effect on Exercise Price of Certain Events. For purposes of
determining the adjusted Exercise Price under Paragraph 4(a) hereof, the
following will be applicable:

               (i) Issuance of Rights or Options. If the Company in any manner
issues or grants any warrants, rights or options, whether or not immediately
exercisable, to subscribe for or to purchase Common Stock or other securities
convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock ("Convertible Securities")
(such warrants, rights and options to purchase Common Stock or Convertible
Securities are hereinafter referred to as "Options") and the price per share for
which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options is less than
the Market Price on the date of issuance or grant of such Options, then the
maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all
such Options will, as of the date of the issuance or grant of such Options, be
deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company for
such price per share. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the "price per
share for which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options" is
determined by dividing (i) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by
the Company as consideration for the issuance or granting of all such Options,
plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable
to the Company upon the exercise of all such Options, plus, in the case of
Convertible Securities issuable upon the exercise of such Options, the minimum
aggregate amount of additional consideration payable upon the conversion or
exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities first become
convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all such Options (assuming full
conversion of Convertible Securities, if applicable). No further adjustment to
the Exercise Price will be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock
upon the exercise of such Options or upon the conversion or exchange of
Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of such Options.

               (ii) Issuance of Convertible Securities. If the Company in any
manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities, whether or not immediately


                                       4
<PAGE>
convertible (other than where the same are issuable upon the exercise of
Options) and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon such
conversion or exchange is less than the Market Price on the date of issuance,
then the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities will, as of the date
of the issuance of such Convertible Securities, be deemed to be outstanding and
to have been issued and sold by the Company for such price per share. For the
purposes of the preceding sentence, the "price per share for which Common Stock
is issuable upon such conversion or exchange" is determined by dividing (i) the
total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Company as consideration for
the issuance or sale of all such Convertible Securities, plus the minimum
aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to the Company
upon the conversion or exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities
first become convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such
Convertible Securities. No further adjustment to the Exercise Price will be made
upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock upon conversion or exchange of
such Convertible Securities.

               (iii) Change in Option Price or Conversion Rate. If there is a
change at any time in (i) the amount of additional consideration payable to the
Company upon the exercise of any Options; (ii) the amount of additional
consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion or exchange of
any Convertible Securities; or (iii) the rate at which any Convertible
Securities are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock (other than
under or by reason of provisions designed to protect against dilution), the
Exercise Price in effect at the time of such change will be readjusted to the
Exercise Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or
Convertible Securities still outstanding provided for such changed additional
consideration or changed conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time
initially granted, issued or sold.

               (iv) Treatment of Expired Options and Unexercised Convertible
Securities. If, in any case, the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of any Option or upon conversion or exchange of any Convertible
Securities is not, in fact, issued and the rights to exercise such Option or to
convert or exchange such Convertible Securities shall have expired or
terminated, the Exercise Price then in effect will be readjusted to the Exercise
Price which would have been in effect at the time of such expiration or
termination had such Option or Convertible Securities, to the extent outstanding
immediately prior to such expiration or termination (other than in respect of
the actual number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise or conversion
thereof), never been issued.

               (v) Calculation of Consideration Received. If any Common Stock,
Options or Convertible Securities are issued, granted or sold for cash, the
consideration received therefor for purposes of this Warrant will be the amount
received by the Company therefor, before deduction of reasonable commissions,
underwriting discounts or allowances or other reasonable expenses paid or
incurred by the Company in connection with such issuance, grant or sale. In case
any Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a
consideration part or all of which shall be other than cash, the amount of the
consideration other than cash received by the Company will be the fair value of
such consideration, except where such consideration consists of securities, in
which case the amount of consideration received by the Company will be the


                                       5
<PAGE>
Market Price thereof as of the date of receipt. In case any Common Stock,
Options or Convertible Securities are issued in connection with any acquisition,
merger or consolidation in which the Company is the surviving corporation, the
amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair value of such
portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving corporation as is
attributable to such Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, as the
case may be. The fair value of any consideration other than cash or securities
will be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company.

               (vi) Exceptions to Adjustment of Exercise Price. No adjustment to
the Exercise Price will be made (i) upon the exercise of any warrants, options
or convertible securities granted, issued and outstanding on the date of
issuance of this Warrant; (ii) upon the grant or exercise of any stock or
options which may hereafter be granted or exercised under any employee benefit
plan, stock option plan or restricted stock plan of the Company now existing or
to be implemented in the future, so long as the issuance of such stock or
options is approved by a majority of the independent members of the Board of
Directors of the Company or a majority of the members of a committee of
independent directors established for such purpose; or (iii) upon the exercise
of the Warrants.

           (c) Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. If the Company at any
time subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise) the shares of Common Stock
acquirable hereunder into a greater number of shares, then, after the date of
record for effecting such subdivision, the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced. If the Company at any
time combines (by reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization,
reclassification or otherwise) the shares of Common Stock acquirable hereunder
into a smaller number of shares, then, after the date of record for effecting
such combination, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such
combination will be proportionately increased.

           (d) Adjustment in Number of Shares. Upon each adjustment of the
Exercise Price pursuant to the provisions of this Paragraph 4, the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be adjusted
by multiplying a number equal to the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment by the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and dividing the
product so obtained by the adjusted Exercise Price.

           (e) Consolidation, Merger or Sale. In case of any consolidation of
the Company with, or merger of the Company into any other corporation, or in
case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the
Company, then as a condition of such consolidation, merger or sale or
conveyance, adequate provision will be made whereby the holder of this Warrant
will have the right to acquire and receive upon exercise of this Warrant in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore acquirable upon the
exercise of this Warrant, such shares of stock, securities or assets as may be
issued or payable with respect to or in exchange for the number of shares of
Common Stock immediately theretofore acquirable and receivable upon exercise of
this Warrant had such consolidation, merger or sale or conveyance not taken
place. In any such case, the Company will make appropriate provision to insure
that the provisions of this Paragraph 4 hereof will thereafter be applicable as
nearly as may be in relation to any shares of stock or securities thereafter


                                       6
<PAGE>
deliverable upon the exercise of this Warrant. The Company will not effect any
consolidation, merger or sale or conveyance unless prior to the consummation
thereof, the successor corporation (if other than the Company) assumes by
written instrument the obligations under this Paragraph 4 and the obligations to
deliver to the holder of this Warrant such shares of stock, securities or assets
as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the holder may be entitled to
acquire.

           (f) Distribution of Assets. In case the Company shall declare or make
any distribution of its assets (including cash) to holders of Common Stock as a
partial liquidating dividend, by way of return of capital or otherwise, then,
after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such
distribution, but prior to the date of distribution, the holder of this Warrant
shall be entitled upon exercise of this Warrant for the purchase of any or all
of the shares of Common Stock subject hereto, to receive the amount of such
assets which would have been payable to the holder had such holder been the
holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination
of shareholders entitled to such distribution.

           (g) Notice of Adjustment. Upon the occurrence of any event which
requires any adjustment of the Exercise Price, then, and in each such case, the
Company shall give notice thereof to the holder of this Warrant, which notice
shall state the Exercise Price resulting from such adjustment and the increase
or decrease in the number of Warrant Shares purchasable at such price upon
exercise, setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the
facts upon which such calculation is based. Such calculation shall be certified
by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

           (h) Minimum Adjustment of Exercise Price. No adjustment of the
Exercise Price shall be made in an amount of less than 1% of the Exercise Price
in effect at the time such adjustment is otherwise required to be made, but any
such lesser adjustment shall be carried forward and shall be made at the time
and together with the next subsequent adjustment which, together with any
adjustments so carried forward, shall amount to not less than 1% of such
Exercise Price.

           (i) No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock are to
be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but the Company shall pay a cash
adjustment in respect of any fractional share which would otherwise be issuable
in an amount equal to the same fraction of the Market Price of a share of Common
Stock on the date of such exercise.

           (j) Other Notices. In case at any time:

               (i) the Company shall declare any dividend upon the Common Stock
payable in shares of stock of any class or make any other distribution
(including dividends or distributions payable in cash out of retained earnings)
to the holders of the Common Stock;

               (ii) the Company shall offer for subscription pro rata to the
holders of the Common Stock any additional shares of stock of any class or other
rights;

               (iii) there shall be any capital reorganization of the Company,
or reclassification of the Common Stock, or consolidation or merger of the
Company with or into, or sale of all or substantially all its assets to, another
corporation or entity; or

               (iv) there shall be a voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the Company; then, in each such case, the Company


                                       7
<PAGE>
shall give to the holder of this Warrant (a) notice of the date on which the
books of the Company shall close or a record shall be taken for determining the
holders of Common Stock entitled to receive any such dividend, distribution, or
subscription rights or for determining the holders of Common Stock entitled to
vote in respect of any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up and (b) in the case of any
such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution,
liquidation or winding-up, notice of the date (or, if not then known, a
reasonable approximation thereof by the Company) when the same shall take place.
Such notice shall also specify the date on which the holders of Common Stock
shall be entitled to receive such dividend, distribution, or subscription rights
or to exchange their Common Stock for stock or other securities or property
deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up, as the case may be. Such notice
shall be given at least thirty (30) days prior to the record date or the date on
which the Company's books are closed in respect thereto. Failure to give any
such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the
proceedings referred to in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above.

           (k) Certain Events. If any event occurs of the type contemplated by
the adjustment provisions of this Paragraph 4 but not expressly provided for by
such provisions, the Company will give notice of such event as provided in
Paragraph 4(g) hereof, and the Company's Board of Directors will make an
appropriate adjustment in the Exercise Price and the number of shares of Common
Stock acquirable upon exercise of this Warrant so that the rights of the holder
shall be neither enhanced nor diminished by such event.

           (l) Certain Definitions.

               (i) "Common Stock Deemed Outstanding" shall mean the number of
shares of Common Stock actually outstanding (not including shares of Common
Stock held in the treasury of the Company), plus (x) pursuant to Paragraph
4(b)(i) hereof, the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of Options, as of the date of such issuance or grant of such
Options, if any, and (y) pursuant to Paragraph 4(b)(ii) hereof, the maximum
total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exchange of
Convertible Securities, as of the date of issuance of such Convertible
Securities, if any.

               (ii) "Market Price," as of any date, (i) means the average of the
last reported sale prices for the shares of Common Stock on the OTCBB for the
five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding such date as reported by Bloomberg,
or (ii) if the OTCBB is not the principal trading market for the shares of
Common Stock, the average of the last reported sale prices on the principal
trading market for the Common Stock during the same period as reported by
Bloomberg, or (iii) if market value cannot be calculated as of such date on any
of the foregoing bases, the Market Price shall be the fair market value as
reasonably determined in good faith by (a) the Board of Directors of the Company
or, at the option of a majority-in-interest of the holders of the outstanding
Warrants by (b) an independent investment bank of nationally recognized standing
in the valuation of businesses similar to the business of the corporation. The
manner of determining the Market Price of the Common Stock set forth in the
foregoing definition shall apply with respect to any other security in respect
of which a determination as to market value must be made hereunder.

                                       8
<PAGE>
               (iii) "Common Stock," for purposes of this Paragraph 4, includes
the Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, and any additional class of stock
of the Company having no preference as to dividends or distributions on
liquidation, provided that the shares purchasable pursuant to this Warrant shall
include only shares of Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, in respect of
which this Warrant is exercisable, or shares resulting from any subdivision or
combination of such Common Stock, or in the case of any reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, or sale of the character referred to in
Paragraph 4(e) hereof, the stock or other securities or property provided for in
such Paragraph.

     5.    Issue Tax. The issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the holder of this
Warrant or such shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof,
provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be
payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any
certificate in a name other than the holder of this Warrant.

     6.    No Rights or Liabilities as a Shareholder. This Warrant shall not
entitle the holder hereof to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder
of the Company. No provision of this Warrant, in the absence of affirmative
action by the holder hereof to purchase Warrant Shares, and no mere enumeration
herein of the rights or privileges of the holder hereof, shall give rise to any
liability of such holder for the Exercise Price or as a shareholder of the
Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of
the Company.

     7.    Transfer, Exchange, and Replacement of Warrant.

           (a) Restriction on Transfer. This Warrant and the rights granted to
the holder hereof are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this
Warrant, together with a properly executed assignment in the form attached
hereto, at the office or agency of the Company referred to in Paragraph 7(e)
below, provided, however, that any transfer or assignment shall be subject to
the conditions set forth in Paragraph 7(f) hereof and to the applicable
provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement. Until due presentment for
registration of transfer on the books of the Company, the Company may treat the
registered holder hereof as the owner and holder hereof for all purposes, and
the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the registration rights described in
Paragraph 8 are assignable only in accordance with the provisions of that
certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 17, 2004, by and among the
Company and the other signatories thereto (the "Registration Rights Agreement").

           (b) Warrant Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Warrant is
exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the holder hereof at the office or
agency of the Company referred to in Paragraph 7(e) below, for new Warrants of
like tenor representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of
shares of Common Stock which may be purchased hereunder, each of such new
Warrants to represent the right to purchase such number of shares as shall be
designated by the holder hereof at the time of such surrender.

           (c) Replacement of Warrant. Upon receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of
this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft, or destruction, upon
delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and amount to


                                       9
<PAGE>
the Company, or, in the case of any such mutilation, upon surrender and
cancellation of this Warrant, the Company, at its expense, will execute and
deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor.

           (d) Cancellation; Payment of Expenses. Upon the surrender of this
Warrant in connection with any transfer, exchange, or replacement as provided in
this Paragraph 7, this Warrant shall be promptly canceled by the Company. The
Company shall pay all taxes (other than securities transfer taxes) and all other
expenses (other than legal expenses, if any, incurred by the holder or
transferees) and charges payable in connection with the preparation, execution,
and delivery of Warrants pursuant to this Paragraph 7.

           (e) Register. The Company shall maintain, at its principal executive
offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by
notice to the holder hereof), a register for this Warrant, in which the Company
shall record the name and address of the person in whose name this Warrant has
been issued, as well as the name and address of each transferee and each prior
owner of this Warrant.

           (f) Exercise or Transfer Without Registration. If, at the time of the
surrender of this Warrant in connection with any exercise, transfer, or exchange
of this Warrant, this Warrant (or, in the case of any exercise, the Warrant
Shares issuable hereunder), shall not be registered under the Securities Act and
under applicable state securities or blue sky laws, the Company may require, as
a condition of allowing such exercise, transfer, or exchange, (i) that the
holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, furnish to the Company
a written opinion of counsel, which opinion and counsel are acceptable to the
Company, to the effect that such exercise, transfer, or exchange may be made
without registration under said Act and under applicable state securities or
blue sky laws, (ii) that the holder or transferee execute and deliver to the
Company an investment letter in form and substance acceptable to the Company and
(iii) that the transferee be an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a)
promulgated under the Securities Act; provided that no such opinion, letter or
status as an "accredited investor" shall be required in connection with a
transfer pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. The first holder of this
Warrant, by taking and holding the same, represents to the Company that such
holder is acquiring this Warrant for investment and not with a view to the
distribution thereof.

     8.    Registration Rights. The initial holder of this Warrant (and certain
assignees thereof) is entitled to the benefit of such registration rights in
respect of the Warrant Shares as are set forth in Section 2 of the Registration
Rights Agreement.

                                       10
<PAGE>
     9.    Notices. All notices, requests, and other communications required or
permitted to be given or delivered hereunder to the holder of this Warrant shall
be in writing, and shall be personally delivered, or shall be sent by certified
or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier, postage prepaid and
addressed, to such holder at the address shown for such holder on the books of
the Company, or at such other address as shall have been furnished to the
Company by notice from such holder. All notices, requests, and other
communications required or permitted to be given or delivered hereunder to the
Company shall be in writing, and shall be personally delivered, or shall be sent
by certified or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier, postage
prepaid and addressed, to the office of the Company at 12268 Via Latina, Del
Mar, California 92914, Attention: President, or at such other address as shall
have been furnished to the holder of this Warrant by notice from the Company.
Any such notice, request, or other communication may be sent by facsimile, but
shall in such case be subsequently confirmed by a writing personally delivered
or sent by certified or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier
as provided above. All notices, requests, and other communications shall be
deemed to have been given either at the time of the receipt thereof by the
person entitled to receive such notice at the address of such person for
purposes of this Paragraph 9, or, if mailed by registered or certified mail or
with a recognized overnight mail courier upon deposit with the United States
Post Office or such overnight mail courier, if postage is prepaid and the
mailing is properly addressed, as the case may be.

     10.    Governing Law. THIS WARRANT SHALL BE ENFORCED, GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO
AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD
TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK,
NEW YORK WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THIS WARRANT, THE AGREEMENTS
ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR
THEREBY. BOTH PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO
THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING. BOTH PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT
SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON A PARTY MAILED BY FIRST CLASS MAIL SHALL BE DEEMED IN
EVERY RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THE PARTY IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR
PROCEEDING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT EITHER PARTY'S RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN
ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. BOTH PARTIES AGREE THAT A FINAL
NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND
MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON SUCH JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER
LAWFUL MANNER. THE PARTY WHICH DOES NOT PREVAIL IN ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER
THIS WARRANT SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL FEES AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING
ATTORNEYS' FEES, INCURRED BY THE PREVAILING PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH
DISPUTE.

     11.    Miscellaneous.

           (a) Amendments. This Warrant and any provision hereof may only be
amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the holder hereof.

                                       11
<PAGE>
           (b) Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings of the several
paragraphs of this Warrant are inserted for purposes of reference only, and
shall not affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

           (c) Cashless Exercise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Warrant, if the resale of the Warrant Shares by the holder is
not then registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act, this Warrant may be exercised by presentation and surrender of
this Warrant to the Company at its principal executive offices with a written
notice of the holder's intention to effect a cashless exercise, including a
calculation of the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon such
exercise in accordance with the terms hereof (a "Cashless Exercise"). In the
event of a Cashless Exercise, in lieu of paying the Exercise Price in cash, the
holder shall surrender this Warrant for that number of shares of Common Stock
determined by multiplying the number of Warrant Shares to which it would
otherwise be entitled by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the
difference between the then current Market Price per share of the Common Stock
and the Exercise Price, and the denominator of which shall be the then current
Market Price per share of Common Stock. For example, if the holder is exercising
100,000 Warrants with a per Warrant exercise price of $0.75 per share through a
cashless exercise when the Common Stock's current Market Price per share is
$2.00 per share, then upon such Cashless Exercise the holder will receive 62,500
shares of Common Stock.

           (d) Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its
obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the holder, by vitiating
the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the
Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Warrant will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or
threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Warrant, that the
holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or
in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Warrant and
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity
of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.









                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]




                                       12
<PAGE>
           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be signed
by its duly authorized officer.

                                                     PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT
                                                     HOLDINGS, INC.



                                                     By: /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                                             -------------
                                                             Edward Litwak
                                                             President


Dated as of December 17, 2004

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>dec232004form8kex49.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.9




     THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE
     NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. EXCEPT AS
     OTHERWISE SET FORTH HEREIN OR IN A SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED AS
     OF DECEMBER 17, 2004, NEITHER THIS WARRANT NOR ANY OF SUCH SHARES MAY BE
     SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
     STATEMENT FOR SUCH SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT OR, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, IN
     FORM, SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE, CUSTOMARY FOR OPINIONS OF COUNSEL IN COMPARABLE
     TRANSACTIONS, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SUCH ACT OR UNLESS
     SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR REGULATION S UNDER SUCH ACT.

                                                           Right to
                                                           Purchase 28,000
                                                           Shares of Common
                                                           Stock, $.001 par
                                                           value per share

                             STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

     THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received, NEW MILLENNIUM CAPITAL PARTNERS,
II, LLC or its registered assigns, is entitled to purchase from Pacificap
Entertainment Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), at any time
or from time to time during the period specified in Paragraph 2 hereof, Twenty-
Eight Thousand (28,000) fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Company's
Common Stock, $.001 par value per share (the "Common Stock"), at an exercise
price per share equal to $.02 (the "Exercise Price"). The term "Warrant Shares,"
as used herein, refers to the shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder. The
Warrant Shares and the Exercise Price are subject to adjustment as provided in
Paragraph 4 hereof. The term "Warrants" means this Warrant and the other
warrants issued pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
December 17, 2004, by and among the Company and the Buyers listed on the
execution page thereof (the "Securities Purchase Agreement"), including any
additional warrants issuable pursuant to Section 4(l) thereof.

     This Warrant is subject to the following terms, provisions, and conditions:

     1.    Manner of Exercise; Issuance of Certificates; Payment for Shares.
Subject to the provisions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised by the holder
hereof, in whole or in part, by the surrender of this Warrant, together with a
completed exercise agreement in the form attached hereto (the "Exercise
Agreement"), to the Company during normal business hours on any business day at
the Company's principal executive offices (or such other office or agency of the
Company as it may designate by notice to the holder hereof), and upon (i)

<PAGE>
payment to the Company in cash, by certified or official bank check or by wire
transfer for the account of the Company of the Exercise Price for the Warrant
Shares specified in the Exercise Agreement or (ii) if the resale of the Warrant
Shares by the holder is not then registered pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), delivery to the Company of a written notice of an election to
effect a "Cashless Exercise" (as defined in Section 11(c) below) for the Warrant
Shares specified in the Exercise Agreement. The Warrant Shares so purchased
shall be deemed to be issued to the holder hereof or such holder's designee, as
the record owner of such shares, as of the close of business on the date on
which this Warrant shall have been surrendered, the completed Exercise Agreement
shall have been delivered, and payment shall have been made for such shares as
set forth above. Certificates for the Warrant Shares so purchased, representing
the aggregate number of shares specified in the Exercise Agreement, shall be
delivered to the holder hereof within a reasonable time, not exceeding three (3)
business days, after this Warrant shall have been so exercised. The certificates
so delivered shall be in such denominations as may be requested by the holder
hereof and shall be registered in the name of such holder or such other name as
shall be designated by such holder. If this Warrant shall have been exercised
only in part, then, unless this Warrant has expired, the Company shall, at its
expense, at the time of delivery of such certificates, deliver to the holder a
new Warrant representing the number of shares with respect to which this Warrant
shall not then have been exercised. In addition to all other available remedies
at law or in equity, if the Company fails to deliver certificates for the
Warrant Shares within three (3) business days after this Warrant is exercised,
then the Company shall pay to the holder in cash a penalty (the "Penalty") equal
to 2% of the number of Warrant Shares that the holder is entitled to multiplied
by the Market Price (as hereinafter defined) for each day that the Company fails
to deliver certificates for the Warrant Shares. For example, if the holder is
entitled to 100,000 Warrant Shares and the Market Price is $2.00, then the
Company shall pay to the holder $4,000 for each day that the Company fails to
deliver certificates for the Warrant Shares. The Penalty shall be paid to the
holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has
accrued.

     Notwithstanding anything in this Warrant to the contrary, in no event shall
the holder of this Warrant be entitled to exercise a number of Warrants (or
portions thereof) in excess of the number of Warrants (or portions thereof) upon
exercise of which the sum of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common
Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the
unexercised Warrants and the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other
securities of the Company (including the Notes (as defined in the Securities
Purchase Agreement)) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein) and (ii) the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (or portions thereof) with respect
to which the determination described herein is being made, would result in
beneficial ownership by the holder and its affiliates of more than 4.9% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the immediately preceding
sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section
13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Regulation 13D-G
thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (i) of the preceding
sentence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
limitation on exercise of this Warrant set forth herein may not be amended
without (i) the written consent of the holder hereof and the Company and (ii)
the approval of a majority of shareholders of the Company.

     2.    Period of Exercise. This Warrant is exercisable at any time or from
time to time on or after the date on which this Warrant is issued and delivered


                                       2
<PAGE>
pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and before 6:00 p.m.,
New York, New York time on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the date of issuance
(the "Exercise Period").

     3.    Certain Agreements of the Company. The Company hereby covenants and
agrees as follows:

           (a) Shares to be Fully Paid. All Warrant Shares will, upon issuance
in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, be validly issued, fully paid, and
nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens, and charges with respect to the
issue thereof.

           (b) Reservation of Shares. Subject to the Stockholder Approval (as
defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), during the Exercise Period, the
Company shall at all times have authorized, and reserved for the purpose of
issuance upon exercise of this Warrant, a sufficient number of shares of Common
Stock to provide for the exercise of this Warrant.

           (c) Listing. The Company shall promptly secure the listing of the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant upon each national
securities exchange or automated quotation system, if any, upon which shares of
Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice of issuance upon
exercise of this Warrant) and shall maintain, so long as any other shares of
Common Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all shares of Common Stock from
time to time issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant; and the Company shall
so list on each national securities exchange or automated quotation system, as
the case may be, and shall maintain such listing of, any other shares of capital
stock of the Company issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant if and so long
as any shares of the same class shall be listed on such national securities
exchange or automated quotation system.

           (d) Certain Actions Prohibited. The Company will not, by amendment of
its charter or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be
observed or performed by it hereunder, but will at all times in good faith
assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this Warrant and in the
taking of all such action as may reasonably be requested by the holder of this
Warrant in order to protect the exercise privilege of the holder of this Warrant
against dilution or other impairment, consistent with the tenor and purpose of
this Warrant. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i)
will not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon
the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, and (ii)
will take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the
Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of
Common Stock upon the exercise of this Warrant.

           (e) Successors and Assigns. This Warrant will be binding upon any
entity succeeding to the Company by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of all
or substantially all the Company's assets.

     4.    Antidilution Provisions. During the Exercise Period, the Exercise
Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be subject to adjustment from time
to time as provided in this Paragraph 4.

     In the event that any adjustment of the Exercise Price as required herein
results in a fraction of a cent, such Exercise Price shall be rounded up to the
nearest cent.

                                       3
<PAGE>
           (a) Adjustment of Exercise Price and Number of Shares upon Issuance
of Common Stock. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 4(c) and 4(e)
hereof, if and whenever on or after the date of issuance of this Warrant, the
Company issues or sells, or in accordance with Paragraph 4(b) hereof is deemed
to have issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock for no consideration or for a
consideration per share (before deduction of reasonable expenses or commissions
or underwriting discounts or allowances in connection therewith) less than the
Market Price on the date of issuance (a "Dilutive Issuance"), then immediately
upon the Dilutive Issuance, the Exercise Price will be reduced to a price
determined by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the
Dilutive Issuance by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is an amount equal
to the sum of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock actually outstanding
immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance, plus (y) the quotient of the
aggregate consideration, calculated as set forth in Paragraph 4(b) hereof,
received by the Company upon such Dilutive Issuance divided by the Market Price
in effect immediately prior to the Dilutive Issuance, and (ii) the denominator
of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock Deemed Outstanding (as
defined below) immediately after the Dilutive Issuance.

           (b) Effect on Exercise Price of Certain Events. For purposes of
determining the adjusted Exercise Price under Paragraph 4(a) hereof, the
following will be applicable:

               (i) Issuance of Rights or Options. If the Company in any manner
issues or grants any warrants, rights or options, whether or not immediately
exercisable, to subscribe for or to purchase Common Stock or other securities
convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock ("Convertible Securities")
(such warrants, rights and options to purchase Common Stock or Convertible
Securities are hereinafter referred to as "Options") and the price per share for
which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options is less than
the Market Price on the date of issuance or grant of such Options, then the
maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all
such Options will, as of the date of the issuance or grant of such Options, be
deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company for
such price per share. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the "price per
share for which Common Stock is issuable upon the exercise of such Options" is
determined by dividing (i) the total amount, if any, received or receivable by
the Company as consideration for the issuance or granting of all such Options,
plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable
to the Company upon the exercise of all such Options, plus, in the case of
Convertible Securities issuable upon the exercise of such Options, the minimum
aggregate amount of additional consideration payable upon the conversion or
exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities first become
convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all such Options (assuming full
conversion of Convertible Securities, if applicable). No further adjustment to
the Exercise Price will be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock
upon the exercise of such Options or upon the conversion or exchange of
Convertible Securities issuable upon exercise of such Options.

               (ii) Issuance of Convertible Securities. If the Company in any
manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities, whether or not immediately
convertible (other than where the same are issuable upon the exercise of
Options) and the price per share for which Common Stock is issuable upon such
conversion or exchange is less than the Market Price on the date of issuance,


                                       4
<PAGE>
then the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
conversion or exchange of all such Convertible Securities will, as of the date
of the issuance of such Convertible Securities, be deemed to be outstanding and
to have been issued and sold by the Company for such price per share. For the
purposes of the preceding sentence, the "price per share for which Common Stock
is issuable upon such conversion or exchange" is determined by dividing (i) the
total amount, if any, received or receivable by the Company as consideration for
the issuance or sale of all such Convertible Securities, plus the minimum
aggregate amount of additional consideration, if any, payable to the Company
upon the conversion or exchange thereof at the time such Convertible Securities
first become convertible or exchangeable, by (ii) the maximum total number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion or exchange of all such
Convertible Securities. No further adjustment to the Exercise Price will be made
upon the actual issuance of such Common Stock upon conversion or exchange of
such Convertible Securities.

               (iii) Change in Option Price or Conversion Rate. If there is a
change at any time in (i) the amount of additional consideration payable to the
Company upon the exercise of any Options; (ii) the amount of additional
consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion or exchange of
any Convertible Securities; or (iii) the rate at which any Convertible
Securities are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock (other than
under or by reason of provisions designed to protect against dilution), the
Exercise Price in effect at the time of such change will be readjusted to the
Exercise Price which would have been in effect at such time had such Options or
Convertible Securities still outstanding provided for such changed additional
consideration or changed conversion rate, as the case may be, at the time
initially granted, issued or sold.

               (iv) Treatment of Expired Options and Unexercised Convertible
Securities. If, in any case, the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of any Option or upon conversion or exchange of any Convertible
Securities is not, in fact, issued and the rights to exercise such Option or to
convert or exchange such Convertible Securities shall have expired or
terminated, the Exercise Price then in effect will be readjusted to the Exercise
Price which would have been in effect at the time of such expiration or
termination had such Option or Convertible Securities, to the extent outstanding
immediately prior to such expiration or termination (other than in respect of
the actual number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise or conversion
thereof), never been issued.

               (v) Calculation of Consideration Received. If any Common Stock,
Options or Convertible Securities are issued, granted or sold for cash, the
consideration received therefor for purposes of this Warrant will be the amount
received by the Company therefor, before deduction of reasonable commissions,
underwriting discounts or allowances or other reasonable expenses paid or
incurred by the Company in connection with such issuance, grant or sale. In case
any Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities are issued or sold for a
consideration part or all of which shall be other than cash, the amount of the
consideration other than cash received by the Company will be the fair value of
such consideration, except where such consideration consists of securities, in
which case the amount of consideration received by the Company will be the
Market Price thereof as of the date of receipt. In case any Common Stock,
Options or Convertible Securities are issued in connection with any acquisition,
merger or consolidation in which the Company is the surviving corporation, the


                                       5
<PAGE>
amount of consideration therefor will be deemed to be the fair value of such
portion of the net assets and business of the non-surviving corporation as is
attributable to such Common Stock, Options or Convertible Securities, as the
case may be. The fair value of any consideration other than cash or securities
will be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company.

               (vi) Exceptions to Adjustment of Exercise Price. No adjustment to
the Exercise Price will be made (i) upon the exercise of any warrants, options
or convertible securities granted, issued and outstanding on the date of
issuance of this Warrant; (ii) upon the grant or exercise of any stock or
options which may hereafter be granted or exercised under any employee benefit
plan, stock option plan or restricted stock plan of the Company now existing or
to be implemented in the future, so long as the issuance of such stock or
options is approved by a majority of the independent members of the Board of
Directors of the Company or a majority of the members of a committee of
independent directors established for such purpose; or (iii) upon the exercise
of the Warrants.

           (c) Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock. If the Company at any
time subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization,
reorganization, reclassification or otherwise) the shares of Common Stock
acquirable hereunder into a greater number of shares, then, after the date of
record for effecting such subdivision, the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced. If the Company at any
time combines (by reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization,
reclassification or otherwise) the shares of Common Stock acquirable hereunder
into a smaller number of shares, then, after the date of record for effecting
such combination, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such
combination will be proportionately increased.

           (d) Adjustment in Number of Shares. Upon each adjustment of the
Exercise Price pursuant to the provisions of this Paragraph 4, the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be adjusted
by multiplying a number equal to the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment by the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and dividing the
product so obtained by the adjusted Exercise Price.

           (e) Consolidation, Merger or Sale. In case of any consolidation of
the Company with, or merger of the Company into any other corporation, or in
case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the
Company, then as a condition of such consolidation, merger or sale or
conveyance, adequate provision will be made whereby the holder of this Warrant
will have the right to acquire and receive upon exercise of this Warrant in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore acquirable upon the
exercise of this Warrant, such shares of stock, securities or assets as may be
issued or payable with respect to or in exchange for the number of shares of
Common Stock immediately theretofore acquirable and receivable upon exercise of
this Warrant had such consolidation, merger or sale or conveyance not taken
place. In any such case, the Company will make appropriate provision to insure
that the provisions of this Paragraph 4 hereof will thereafter be applicable as
nearly as may be in relation to any shares of stock or securities thereafter
deliverable upon the exercise of this Warrant. The Company will not effect any
consolidation, merger or sale or conveyance unless prior to the consummation
thereof, the successor corporation (if other than the Company) assumes by
written instrument the obligations under this Paragraph 4 and the obligations to
deliver to the holder of this Warrant such shares of stock, securities or assets
as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the holder may be entitled to
acquire.

                                       6
<PAGE>
           (f) Distribution of Assets. In case the Company shall declare or make
any distribution of its assets (including cash) to holders of Common Stock as a
partial liquidating dividend, by way of return of capital or otherwise, then,
after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such
distribution, but prior to the date of distribution, the holder of this Warrant
shall be entitled upon exercise of this Warrant for the purchase of any or all
of the shares of Common Stock subject hereto, to receive the amount of such
assets which would have been payable to the holder had such holder been the
holder of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination
of shareholders entitled to such distribution.

           (g) Notice of Adjustment. Upon the occurrence of any event which
requires any adjustment of the Exercise Price, then, and in each such case, the
Company shall give notice thereof to the holder of this Warrant, which notice
shall state the Exercise Price resulting from such adjustment and the increase
or decrease in the number of Warrant Shares purchasable at such price upon
exercise, setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the
facts upon which such calculation is based. Such calculation shall be certified
by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

           (h) Minimum Adjustment of Exercise Price. No adjustment of the
Exercise Price shall be made in an amount of less than 1% of the Exercise Price
in effect at the time such adjustment is otherwise required to be made, but any
such lesser adjustment shall be carried forward and shall be made at the time
and together with the next subsequent adjustment which, together with any
adjustments so carried forward, shall amount to not less than 1% of such
Exercise Price.

           (i) No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock are to
be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but the Company shall pay a cash
adjustment in respect of any fractional share which would otherwise be issuable
in an amount equal to the same fraction of the Market Price of a share of Common
Stock on the date of such exercise.

           (j) Other Notices. In case at any time:

               (i) the Company shall declare any dividend upon the Common Stock
payable in shares of stock of any class or make any other distribution
(including dividends or distributions payable in cash out of retained earnings)
to the holders of the Common Stock;

               (ii) the Company shall offer for subscription pro rata to the
holders of the Common Stock any additional shares of stock of any class or other
rights;

               (iii) there shall be any capital reorganization of the Company,
or reclassification of the Common Stock, or consolidation or merger of the
Company with or into, or sale of all or substantially all its assets to, another
corporation or entity; or

               (iv) there shall be a voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the Company; then, in each such case, the Company
shall give to the holder of this Warrant (a) notice of the date on which the
books of the Company shall close or a record shall be taken for determining the
holders of Common Stock entitled to receive any such dividend, distribution, or
subscription rights or for determining the holders of Common Stock entitled to


                                       7
<PAGE>
vote in respect of any such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up and (b) in the case of any
such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, dissolution,
liquidation or winding-up, notice of the date (or, if not then known, a
reasonable approximation thereof by the Company) when the same shall take place.
Such notice shall also specify the date on which the holders of Common Stock
shall be entitled to receive such dividend, distribution, or subscription rights
or to exchange their Common Stock for stock or other securities or property
deliverable upon such reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, merger,
sale, dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up, as the case may be. Such notice
shall be given at least thirty (30) days prior to the record date or the date on
which the Company's books are closed in respect thereto. Failure to give any
such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of the
proceedings referred to in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above.

           (k) Certain Events. If any event occurs of the type contemplated by
the adjustment provisions of this Paragraph 4 but not expressly provided for by
such provisions, the Company will give notice of such event as provided in
Paragraph 4(g) hereof, and the Company's Board of Directors will make an
appropriate adjustment in the Exercise Price and the number of shares of Common
Stock acquirable upon exercise of this Warrant so that the rights of the holder
shall be neither enhanced nor diminished by such event.

           (l) Certain Definitions.

               (i) "Common Stock Deemed Outstanding" shall mean the number of
shares of Common Stock actually outstanding (not including shares of Common
Stock held in the treasury of the Company), plus (x) pursuant to Paragraph
4(b)(i) hereof, the maximum total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of Options, as of the date of such issuance or grant of such
Options, if any, and (y) pursuant to Paragraph 4(b)(ii) hereof, the maximum
total number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion or exchange of
Convertible Securities, as of the date of issuance of such Convertible
Securities, if any.

               (ii) "Market Price," as of any date, (i) means the average of the
last reported sale prices for the shares of Common Stock on the OTCBB for the
five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding such date as reported by Bloomberg,
or (ii) if the OTCBB is not the principal trading market for the shares of
Common Stock, the average of the last reported sale prices on the principal
trading market for the Common Stock during the same period as reported by
Bloomberg, or (iii) if market value cannot be calculated as of such date on any
of the foregoing bases, the Market Price shall be the fair market value as
reasonably determined in good faith by (a) the Board of Directors of the Company
or, at the option of a majority-in-interest of the holders of the outstanding
Warrants by (b) an independent investment bank of nationally recognized standing
in the valuation of businesses similar to the business of the corporation. The
manner of determining the Market Price of the Common Stock set forth in the
foregoing definition shall apply with respect to any other security in respect
of which a determination as to market value must be made hereunder.

               (iii) "Common Stock," for purposes of this Paragraph 4, includes
the Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, and any additional class of stock
of the Company having no preference as to dividends or distributions on
liquidation, provided that the shares purchasable pursuant to this Warrant shall
include only shares of Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, in respect of


                                       8
<PAGE>
which this Warrant is exercisable, or shares resulting from any subdivision or
combination of such Common Stock, or in the case of any reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, or sale of the character referred to in
Paragraph 4(e) hereof, the stock or other securities or property provided for in
such Paragraph.

     5.    Issue Tax. The issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the holder of this
Warrant or such shares for any issuance tax or other costs in respect thereof,
provided that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be
payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any
certificate in a name other than the holder of this Warrant.

     6.    No Rights or Liabilities as a Shareholder. This Warrant shall not
entitle the holder hereof to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder
of the Company. No provision of this Warrant, in the absence of affirmative
action by the holder hereof to purchase Warrant Shares, and no mere enumeration
herein of the rights or privileges of the holder hereof, shall give rise to any
liability of such holder for the Exercise Price or as a shareholder of the
Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of
the Company.

     7.    Transfer, Exchange, and Replacement of Warrant.

           (a) Restriction on Transfer. This Warrant and the rights granted to
the holder hereof are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this
Warrant, together with a properly executed assignment in the form attached
hereto, at the office or agency of the Company referred to in Paragraph 7(e)
below, provided, however, that any transfer or assignment shall be subject to
the conditions set forth in Paragraph 7(f) hereof and to the applicable
provisions of the Securities Purchase Agreement. Until due presentment for
registration of transfer on the books of the Company, the Company may treat the
registered holder hereof as the owner and holder hereof for all purposes, and
the Company shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the registration rights described in
Paragraph 8 are assignable only in accordance with the provisions of that
certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 17, 2004, by and among the
Company and the other signatories thereto (the "Registration Rights Agreement").

           (b) Warrant Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Warrant is
exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the holder hereof at the office or
agency of the Company referred to in Paragraph 7(e) below, for new Warrants of
like tenor representing in the aggregate the right to purchase the number of
shares of Common Stock which may be purchased hereunder, each of such new
Warrants to represent the right to purchase such number of shares as shall be
designated by the holder hereof at the time of such surrender.

           (c) Replacement of Warrant. Upon receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction, or mutilation of
this Warrant and, in the case of any such loss, theft, or destruction, upon
delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and amount to
the Company, or, in the case of any such mutilation, upon surrender and
cancellation of this Warrant, the Company, at its expense, will execute and
deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor.

           (d) Cancellation; Payment of Expenses. Upon the surrender of this
Warrant in connection with any transfer, exchange, or replacement as provided in
this Paragraph 7, this Warrant shall be promptly canceled by the Company. The


                                       9
<PAGE>
Company shall pay all taxes (other than securities transfer taxes) and all other
expenses (other than legal expenses, if any, incurred by the holder or
transferees) and charges payable in connection with the preparation, execution,
and delivery of Warrants pursuant to this Paragraph 7.

           (e) Register. The Company shall maintain, at its principal executive
offices (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by
notice to the holder hereof), a register for this Warrant, in which the Company
shall record the name and address of the person in whose name this Warrant has
been issued, as well as the name and address of each transferee and each prior
owner of this Warrant.

           (f) Exercise or Transfer Without Registration. If, at the time of the
surrender of this Warrant in connection with any exercise, transfer, or exchange
of this Warrant, this Warrant (or, in the case of any exercise, the Warrant
Shares issuable hereunder), shall not be registered under the Securities Act and
under applicable state securities or blue sky laws, the Company may require, as
a condition of allowing such exercise, transfer, or exchange, (i) that the
holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, furnish to the Company
a written opinion of counsel, which opinion and counsel are acceptable to the
Company, to the effect that such exercise, transfer, or exchange may be made
without registration under said Act and under applicable state securities or
blue sky laws, (ii) that the holder or transferee execute and deliver to the
Company an investment letter in form and substance acceptable to the Company and
(iii) that the transferee be an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a)
promulgated under the Securities Act; provided that no such opinion, letter or
status as an "accredited investor" shall be required in connection with a
transfer pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. The first holder of this
Warrant, by taking and holding the same, represents to the Company that such
holder is acquiring this Warrant for investment and not with a view to the
distribution thereof.

     8.    Registration Rights. The initial holder of this Warrant (and certain
assignees thereof) is entitled to the benefit of such registration rights in
respect of the Warrant Shares as are set forth in Section 2 of the Registration
Rights Agreement.

                                       10
<PAGE>
     9.    Notices. All notices, requests, and other communications required or
permitted to be given or delivered hereunder to the holder of this Warrant shall
be in writing, and shall be personally delivered, or shall be sent by certified
or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier, postage prepaid and
addressed, to such holder at the address shown for such holder on the books of
the Company, or at such other address as shall have been furnished to the
Company by notice from such holder. All notices, requests, and other
communications required or permitted to be given or delivered hereunder to the
Company shall be in writing, and shall be personally delivered, or shall be sent
by certified or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier, postage
prepaid and addressed, to the office of the Company at 12268 Via Latina, Del
Mar, California 92914, Attention: President, or at such other address as shall
have been furnished to the holder of this Warrant by notice from the Company.
Any such notice, request, or other communication may be sent by facsimile, but
shall in such case be subsequently confirmed by a writing personally delivered
or sent by certified or registered mail or by recognized overnight mail courier
as provided above. All notices, requests, and other communications shall be
deemed to have been given either at the time of the receipt thereof by the
person entitled to receive such notice at the address of such person for
purposes of this Paragraph 9, or, if mailed by registered or certified mail or
with a recognized overnight mail courier upon deposit with the United States
Post Office or such overnight mail courier, if postage is prepaid and the
mailing is properly addressed, as the case may be.

     10.    Governing Law. THIS WARRANT SHALL BE ENFORCED, GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO
AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD
TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN NEW YORK,
NEW YORK WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THIS WARRANT, THE AGREEMENTS
ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR
THEREBY. BOTH PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO
THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING. BOTH PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT
SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON A PARTY MAILED BY FIRST CLASS MAIL SHALL BE DEEMED IN
EVERY RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THE PARTY IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR
PROCEEDING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT EITHER PARTY'S RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN
ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. BOTH PARTIES AGREE THAT A FINAL
NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND
MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON SUCH JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER
LAWFUL MANNER. THE PARTY WHICH DOES NOT PREVAIL IN ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER
THIS WARRANT SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL FEES AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING
ATTORNEYS' FEES, INCURRED BY THE PREVAILING PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH
DISPUTE.

     11.    Miscellaneous.

           (a) Amendments. This Warrant and any provision hereof may only be
amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the holder hereof.

                                       11
<PAGE>
           (b) Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings of the several
paragraphs of this Warrant are inserted for purposes of reference only, and
shall not affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

           (c) Cashless Exercise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Warrant, if the resale of the Warrant Shares by the holder is
not then registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act, this Warrant may be exercised by presentation and surrender of
this Warrant to the Company at its principal executive offices with a written
notice of the holder's intention to effect a cashless exercise, including a
calculation of the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon such
exercise in accordance with the terms hereof (a "Cashless Exercise"). In the
event of a Cashless Exercise, in lieu of paying the Exercise Price in cash, the
holder shall surrender this Warrant for that number of shares of Common Stock
determined by multiplying the number of Warrant Shares to which it would
otherwise be entitled by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the
difference between the then current Market Price per share of the Common Stock
and the Exercise Price, and the denominator of which shall be the then current
Market Price per share of Common Stock. For example, if the holder is exercising
100,000 Warrants with a per Warrant exercise price of $0.75 per share through a
cashless exercise when the Common Stock's current Market Price per share is
$2.00 per share, then upon such Cashless Exercise the holder will receive 62,500
shares of Common Stock.

           (d) Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its
obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the holder, by vitiating
the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the
Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Warrant will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or
threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Warrant, that the
holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or
in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Warrant and
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity
of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.









                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]




                                       12
<PAGE>
           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be signed
by its duly authorized officer.

                                                     PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT
                                                     HOLDINGS, INC.



                                                     By: /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                                             -------------
                                                             Edward Litwak
                                                             President


Dated as of December 17, 2004


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>dec232004form8kex410.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.10


                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT


     REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of December 17,
2004, by and among Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation
with its headquarters located at 12268 Via Latina, Del Mar, California 92914
(the "Company"), and each of the undersigned (together with their respective
affiliates and any assignee or transferee of all of their respective rights
hereunder, the "Initial Investors").

     WHEREAS:

     A. In connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the
parties hereto of even date herewith (the "Securities Purchase Agreement"), the
Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained
therein, to issue and sell to the Initial Investors (i) callable secured
convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of up to Two Million Eight
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,800,000) (the "Notes") that are convertible into
shares of the Company's common stock (the "Common Stock"), upon the terms and
subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Notes and (ii)
warrants (the "Warrants") to acquire an aggregate of 2,800,000 shares of Common
Stock, upon the terms and conditions and subject to the limitations and
conditions set forth in the Warrants; and

     B. To induce the Initial Investors to execute and deliver the Securities
Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration
rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the
"1933 Act"), and applicable state securities laws;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants
contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each of the
Initial Investors hereby agree as follows:

          1. DEFINITIONS.

             a. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:

                (i) "Investors" means the Initial Investors and any transferee
or assignee who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in
accordance with Section 9 hereof.

                (ii) "register," "registered," and "registration" refer to a
registration effected by preparing and filing a Registration Statement or
Statements in compliance with the 1933 Act and pursuant to Rule 415 under the
1933 Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities on a continuous
basis ("Rule 415"), and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such
Registration Statement by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(the "SEC").

<PAGE>
                (iii) "Registrable Securities" means the Conversion Shares
issued or issuable upon conversion or otherwise pursuant to the Notes and
Additional Notes (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) including,
without limitation, Damages Shares (as defined in the Notes) issued or issuable
pursuant to the Notes, shares of Common Stock issued or issuable in payment of
the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount (as defined in the Securities Purchase
Agreement), shares issued or issuable in respect of interest or in redemption of
the Notes in accordance with the terms thereof) and Warrant Shares issuable,
upon exercise or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants and Additional Warrants (as
defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement), and any shares of capital stock
issued or issuable as a dividend on or in exchange for or otherwise with respect
to any of the foregoing.

                (iv) "Registration Statement" means a registration statement of
the Company under the 1933 Act.

             b. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein
shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase
Agreement or the Convertible Note.

          2. REGISTRATION.

             a. Mandatory Registration. The Company shall prepare, and, on or
prior to forty-five (45) days from the date of Closing (as defined in the
Securities Purchase Agreement) (the "Filing Date"), file with the SEC a
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (or, if Form S-3 is not then available, on
such form of Registration Statement as is then available to effect a
registration of the Registrable Securities, subject to the consent of the
Initial Investors, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld) covering the
resale of the Registrable Securities underlying the Notes and Warrants issued or
issuable pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, which Registration
Statement, to the extent allowable under the 1933 Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (including Rule 416), shall state that such
Registration Statement also covers such indeterminate number of additional
shares of Common Stock as may become issuable upon conversion of or otherwise
pursuant to the Notes and exercise of the Warrants to prevent dilution resulting
from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions. The number of shares
of Common Stock initially included in such Registration Statement shall be no
less than an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of the number of Conversion
Shares that are then issuable upon conversion of the Notes and Additional Notes
(based on the Variable Conversion Price as would then be in effect and assuming
the Variable Conversion Price is the Conversion Price at such time), and the
number of Warrant Shares that are then issuable upon exercise of the Warrants,
without regard to any limitation on the Investor's ability to convert the Notes
or exercise the Warrants. The Company acknowledges that the number of shares
initially included in the Registration Statement represents a good faith
estimate of the maximum number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes
and upon exercise of the Warrants.

             b. Underwritten Offering. If any offering pursuant to a
Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof involves an underwritten
offering, the Investors who hold a majority in interest of the Registrable
Securities subject to such underwritten offering, with the consent of a


                                       2
<PAGE>
majority-in-interest of the Initial Investors, shall have the right to select
one legal counsel and an investment banker or bankers and manager or managers to
administer the offering, which investment banker or bankers or manager or
managers shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

             c. Payments by the Company. The Company shall use its best efforts
to obtain effectiveness of the Registration Statement as soon as practicable. If
(i) the Registration Statement(s) covering the Registrable Securities required
to be filed by the Company pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof is not filed by the
Filing Date or declared effective by the SEC on or prior to one hundred twenty
(120) days from the date of Closing (as defined in the Securities Purchase
Agreement), or (ii) after the Registration Statement has been declared effective
by the SEC, sales of all of the Registrable Securities cannot be made pursuant
to the Registration Statement, or (iii) the Common Stock is not listed or
included for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market ("Nasdaq"), the Nasdaq
SmallCap Market ("Nasdaq SmallCap"), the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE") or
the American Stock Exchange (the "AMEX") after being so listed or included for
quotation, or (iv) the Common Stock ceases to be traded on the Over-the-Counter
Bulletin Board (the "OTCBB") or any equivalent replacement exchange prior to
being listed or included for quotation on one of the aforementioned markets,
then the Company will make payments to the Investors in such amounts and at such
times as shall be determined pursuant to this Section 2(c) as partial relief for
the damages to the Investors by reason of any such delay in or reduction of
their ability to sell the Registrable Securities (which remedy shall not be
exclusive of any other remedies available at law or in equity). The Company
shall pay to each holder of the Notes or Registrable Securities an amount equal
to the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes (and, in the case of
holders of Registrable Securities, the principal amount of Notes from which such
Registrable Securities were converted) ("Outstanding Principal Amount"),
multiplied by the Applicable Percentage (as defined below) times the sum of: (i)
the number of months (prorated for partial months) after the Filing Date or the
end of the aforementioned one hundred twenty (120) day period and prior to the
date the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC, provided,
however, that there shall be excluded from such period any delays which are
solely attributable to changes required by the Investors in the Registration
Statement with respect to information relating to the Investors, including,
without limitation, changes to the plan of distribution, or to the failure of
the Investors to conduct their review of the Registration Statement pursuant to
Section 3(h) below in a reasonably prompt manner; (ii) the number of months
(prorated for partial months) that sales of all of the Registrable Securities
cannot be made pursuant to the Registration Statement after the Registration
Statement has been declared effective (including, without limitation, when sales
cannot be made by reason of the Company's failure to properly supplement or
amend the prospectus included therein in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, but excluding any days during an Allowed Delay (as defined in Section
3(f)); and (iii) the number of months (prorated for partial months) that the
Common Stock is not listed or included for quotation on the OTCBB, Nasdaq,
Nasdaq SmallCap, NYSE or AMEX or that trading thereon is halted after the
Registration Statement has been declared effective. The term "Applicable
Percentage" means two hundredths (.02). (For example, if the Registration
Statement becomes effective one (1) month after the end of such one hundred
twenty (120) day period, the Company would pay $5,000 for each $250,000 of
Outstanding Principal Amount. If thereafter, sales could not be made pursuant to
the Registration Statement for an additional period of one (1) month, the
Company would pay an additional $5,000 for each $250,000 of Outstanding
Principal Amount.) Such amounts shall be paid in cash or, at the Company's
option, in shares of Common Stock priced at the Conversion Price (as defined in
the Notes) on such payment date.

                                       3
<PAGE>
             d. Piggy-Back Registrations. Subject to the last sentence of this
Section 2(d), if at any time prior to the expiration of the Registration Period
(as hereinafter defined) the Company shall determine to file with the SEC a
Registration Statement relating to an offering for its own account or the
account of others under the 1933 Act of any of its equity securities (other than
on Form S-4 or Form S-8 or their then equivalents relating to equity securities
to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition of any entity or business
or equity securities issuable in connection with stock option or other bona
fide, employee benefit plans), the Company shall send to each Investor who is
entitled to registration rights under this Section 2(d) written notice of such
determination and, if within fifteen (15) days after the effective date of such
notice, such Investor shall so request in writing, the Company shall include in
such Registration Statement all or any part of the Registrable Securities such
Investor requests to be registered, except that if, in connection with any
underwritten public offering for the account of the Company the managing
underwriter(s) thereof shall impose a limitation on the number of shares of
Common Stock which may be included in the Registration Statement because, in
such underwriter(s)' judgment, marketing or other factors dictate such
limitation is necessary to facilitate public distribution, then the Company
shall be obligated to include in such Registration Statement only such limited
portion of the Registrable Securities with respect to which such Investor has
requested inclusion hereunder as the underwriter shall permit. Any exclusion of
Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata among the Investors seeking to
include Registrable Securities in proportion to the number of Registrable
Securities sought to be included by such Investors; provided, however, that the
Company shall not exclude any Registrable Securities unless the Company has
first excluded all outstanding securities, the holders of which are not entitled
to inclusion of such securities in such Registration Statement or are not
entitled to pro rata inclusion with the Registrable Securities; and provided,
further, however, that, after giving effect to the immediately preceding
proviso, any exclusion of Registrable Securities shall be made pro rata with
holders of other securities having the right to include such securities in the
Registration Statement other than holders of securities entitled to inclusion of
their securities in such Registration Statement by reason of demand registration
rights. No right to registration of Registrable Securities under this Section
2(d) shall be construed to limit any registration required under Section 2(a)
hereof. If an offering in connection with which an Investor is entitled to
registration under this Section 2(d) is an underwritten offering, then each
Investor whose Registrable Securities are included in such Registration
Statement shall, unless otherwise agreed by the Company, offer and sell such
Registrable Securities in an underwritten offering using the same underwriter or
underwriters and, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, on the same terms
and conditions as other shares of Common Stock included in such underwritten
offering. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the
registration rights of the Investors pursuant to this Section 2(d) shall only be
available in the event the Company fails to timely file, obtain effectiveness or
maintain effectiveness of any Registration Statement to be filed pursuant to
Section 2(a) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

             e. Eligibility for Form S-3, SB-2 or S-1; Conversion to Form S-3.
The Company represents and warrants that it meets the requirements for the use
of Form S-3, SB-2 or S-1 for registration of the sale by the Initial Investors
and any other Investors of the Registrable Securities. The Company agrees to


                                       4
<PAGE>
file all reports required to be filed by the Company with the SEC in a timely
manner so as to remain eligible or become eligible, as the case may be, and
thereafter to maintain its eligibility, for the use of Form S-3. If the Company
is not currently eligible to use Form S-3, not later than five (5) business days
after the Company first meets the registration eligibility and transaction
requirements for the use of Form S-3 (or any successor form) for registration of
the offer and sale by the Initial Investors and any other Investors of
Registrable Securities, the Company shall file a Registration Statement on Form
S-3 (or such successor form) with respect to the Registrable Securities covered
by the Registration Statement on Form SB-2 or Form S-1, whichever is applicable,
filed pursuant to Section 2(a) (and include in such Registration Statement on
Form S-3 the information required by Rule 429 under the 1933 Act) or convert the
Registration Statement on Form SB-2 or Form S-1, whichever is applicable, filed
pursuant to Section 2(a) to a Form S-3 pursuant to Rule 429 under the 1933 Act
and cause such Registration Statement (or such amendment) to be declared
effective no later than forty-five (45) days after filing. In the event of a
breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section 2(e), the Company will
be required to make payments pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof.

          3. OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY.

     In connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities, the
Company shall have the following obligations:

             a. The Company shall prepare promptly, and file with the SEC not
later than the Filing Date, a Registration Statement with respect to the number
of Registrable Securities provided in Section 2(a), and thereafter use its best
efforts to cause such Registration Statement relating to Registrable Securities
to become effective as soon as possible after such filing but in no event later
than one hundred twenty (120) days from the date of Closing), and keep the
Registration Statement effective pursuant to Rule 415 at all times until such
date as is the earlier of (i) the date on which all of the Registrable
Securities have been sold and (ii) the date on which the Registrable Securities
(in the opinion of counsel to the Initial Investors) may be immediately sold to
the public without registration or restriction (including, without limitation,
as to volume by each holder thereof) under the 1933 Act (the "Registration
Period"), which Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements
thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

             b. The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments
(including post-effective amendments) and supplements to the Registration
Statements and the prospectus used in connection with the Registration
Statements as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statements effective at
all times during the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with
the provisions of the 1933 Act with respect to the disposition of all
Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration Statements
until such time as all of such Registrable Securities have been disposed of in
accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers
thereof as set forth in the Registration Statements. In the event the number of
shares available under a Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement
is insufficient to cover all of the Registrable Securities issued or issuable
upon conversion of the Notes and exercise of the Warrants, the Company shall
amend the Registration Statement, or file a new Registration Statement (on the
short form available therefor, if applicable), or both, so as to cover all of
the Registrable Securities, in each case, as soon as practicable, but in any
event within fifteen (15) days after the necessity therefor arises (based on the
market price of the Common Stock and other relevant factors on which the Company
reasonably elects to rely). The Company shall use its best efforts to cause such
amendment and/or new Registration Statement to become effective as soon as
practicable following the filing thereof, but in any event within thirty (30)


                                       5
<PAGE>
days after the date on which the Company reasonably first determines (or
reasonably should have determined) the need therefor. The provisions of Section
2(c) above shall be applicable with respect to such obligation, with the one
hundred twenty (120) days running from the day the Company reasonably first
determines (or reasonably should have determined) the need therefor.

             c. The Company shall furnish to each Investor whose Registrable
Securities are included in a Registration Statement and its legal counsel (i)
promptly (but in no event more than two (2) business days) after the same is
prepared and publicly distributed, filed with the SEC, or received by the
Company, one copy of each Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, each
preliminary prospectus and prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto,
and, in the case of the Registration Statement referred to in Section 2(a), each
letter written by or on behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the
SEC, and each item of correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, in
each case relating to such Registration Statement (other than any portion of any
thereof which contains information for which the Company has sought confidential
treatment), and (ii) promptly (but in no event more than two (2) business days)
after the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC, such number
of copies of a prospectus, including a preliminary prospectus, and all
amendments and supplements thereto and such other documents as such Investor may
reasonably request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable
Securities owned by such Investor. The Company will immediately notify each
Investor by facsimile of the effectiveness of each Registration Statement or any
post-effective amendment. The Company will promptly (but in no event more than
five (5) business days) respond to any and all comments received from the SEC
(which comments shall promptly be made available to the Investors upon request),
with a view towards causing each Registration Statement or any amendment thereto
to be declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable, shall promptly file
an acceleration request as soon as practicable (but in no event more than two
(2) business days) following the resolution or clearance of all SEC comments or,
if applicable, following notification by the SEC that any such Registration
Statement or any amendment thereto will not be subject to review and shall
promptly file with the SEC a final prospectus as soon as practicable (but in no
event more than two (2) business days) following receipt by the Company from the
SEC of an order declaring the Registration Statement effective. In the event of
a breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section 3(c), the Company will
be required to make payments pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof.

             d. The Company shall use reasonable efforts to (i) register and
qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statements under
such other securities or "blue sky" laws of such jurisdictions in the United
States as the Investors who hold a majority-in-interest of the Registrable
Securities being offered reasonably request, (ii) prepare and file in those
jurisdictions such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and
supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to
maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take
such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and
qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv)
take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the
Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that
the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition
thereto to (a) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not
otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(d), (b) subject itself
to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, (c) file a general consent to
service of process in any such jurisdiction, (d) provide any undertakings that
cause the Company undue expense or burden, or (e) make any change in its charter
or bylaws, which in each case the Board of Directors of the Company determines
to be contrary to the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.

                                       6
<PAGE>
             e. In the event Investors who hold a majority-in-interest of the
Registrable Securities being offered in the offering (with the approval of a
majority-in-interest of the Initial Investors) select underwriters for the
offering, the Company shall enter into and perform its obligations under an
underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, including, without
limitation, customary indemnification and contribution obligations, with the
underwriters of such offering.

             f. As promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event,
the Company shall notify each Investor of the happening of any event, of which
the Company has knowledge, as a result of which the prospectus included in any
Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a
material fact or omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and use its best
efforts promptly to prepare a supplement or amendment to any Registration
Statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver such number
of copies of such supplement or amendment to each Investor as such Investor may
reasonably request; provided that, for not more than ten (10) consecutive
trading days (or a total of not more than twenty (20) trading days in any twelve
(12) month period), the Company may delay the disclosure of material non-public
information concerning the Company (as well as prospectus or Registration
Statement updating) the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good
faith opinion of the Company, in the best interests of the Company (an "Allowed
Delay"); provided, further, that the Company shall promptly (i) notify the
Investors in writing of the existence of (but in no event, without the prior
written consent of an Investor, shall the Company disclose to such investor any
of the facts or circumstances regarding) material non-public information giving
rise to an Allowed Delay and (ii) advise the Investors in writing to cease all
sales under such Registration Statement until the end of the Allowed Delay. Upon
expiration of the Allowed Delay, the Company shall again be bound by the first
sentence of this Section 3(f) with respect to the information giving rise
thereto.

             g. The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance
of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of any Registration
Statement, and, if such an order is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such
order at the earliest possible moment and to notify each Investor who holds
Registrable Securities being sold (or, in the event of an underwritten offering,
the managing underwriters) of the issuance of such order and the resolution
thereof.

                                       7
<PAGE>
             h. The Company shall permit a single firm of counsel designated by
the Initial Investors to review such Registration Statement and all amendments
and supplements thereto (as well as all requests for acceleration or
effectiveness thereof) a reasonable period of time prior to their filing with
the SEC, and not file any document in a form to which such counsel reasonably
objects and will not request acceleration of such Registration Statement without
prior notice to such counsel. The sections of such Registration Statement
covering information with respect to the Investors, the Investor's beneficial
ownership of securities of the Company or the Investors intended method of
disposition of Registrable Securities shall conform to the information provided
to the Company by each of the Investors.

             i. The Company shall make generally available to its security
holders as soon as practicable, but not later than ninety (90) days after the
close of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement (in form complying
with the provisions of Rule 158 under the 1933 Act) covering a twelve-month
period beginning not later than the first day of the Company's fiscal quarter
next following the effective date of the Registration Statement.

             j. At the request of any Investor, the Company shall furnish, on
the date that Registrable Securities are delivered to an underwriter, if any,
for sale in connection with any Registration Statement or, if such securities
are not being sold by an underwriter, on the date of effectiveness thereof (i)
an opinion, dated as of such date, from counsel representing the Company for
purposes of such Registration Statement, in form, scope and substance as is
customarily given in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the
underwriters, if any, and the Investors and (ii) a letter, dated such date, from
the Company's independent certified public accountants in form and substance as
is customarily given by independent certified public accountants to underwriters
in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the underwriters, if any, and
the Investors.

             k. The Company shall make available for inspection by (i) any
Investor, (ii) any underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to a
Registration Statement, (iii) one firm of attorneys and one firm of accountants
or other agents retained by the Initial Investors, (iv) one firm of attorneys
and one firm of accountants or other agents retained by all other Investors, and
(v) one firm of attorneys retained by all such underwriters (collectively, the
"Inspectors") all pertinent financial and other records, and pertinent corporate
documents and properties of the Company, including without limitation, records
of conversions by other holders of convertible securities issued by the Company
and the issuance of stock to such holders pursuant to the conversions
(collectively, the "Records"), as shall be reasonably deemed necessary by each
Inspector to enable each Inspector to exercise its due diligence responsibility,
and cause the Company's officers, directors and employees to supply all
information which any Inspector may reasonably request for purposes of such due
diligence; provided, however, that each Inspector shall hold in confidence and
shall not make any disclosure (except to an Investor) of any Record or other
information which the Company determines in good faith to be confidential, and
of which determination the Inspectors are so notified, unless (a) the disclosure
of such Records is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in
any Registration Statement, (b) the release of such Records is ordered pursuant
to a subpoena or other order from a court or government body of competent
jurisdiction, or (c) the information in such Records has been made generally
available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this or any
other agreement. The Company shall not be required to disclose any confidential
information in such Records to any Inspector until and unless such Inspector
shall have entered into confidentiality agreements (in form and substance
satisfactory to the Company) with the Company with respect thereto,
substantially in the form of this Section 3(k). Each Investor agrees that it
shall, upon learning that disclosure of such Records is sought in or by a court
or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give


                                       8
<PAGE>
prompt notice to the Company and allow the Company, at its expense, to undertake
appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order
for, the Records deemed confidential. Nothing herein (or in any other
confidentiality agreement between the Company and any Investor) shall be deemed
to limit the Investor's ability to sell Registrable Securities in a manner which
is otherwise consistent with applicable laws and regulations.

             l. The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure
of information concerning an Investor provided to the Company unless (i)
disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state
securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information is necessary to avoid
or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement, (iii) the
release of such information is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other order
from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such
information has been made generally available to the public other than by
disclosure in violation of this or any other agreement. The Company agrees that
it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning an
Investor is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent
jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt notice to such Investor prior
to making such disclosure, and allow the Investor, at its expense, to undertake
appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order
for, such information.

             m. The Company shall (i) cause all the Registrable Securities
covered by the Registration Statement to be listed on each national securities
exchange on which securities of the same class or series issued by the Company
are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then
permitted under the rules of such exchange, or (ii) to the extent the securities
of the same class or series are not then listed on a national securities
exchange, secure the designation and quotation, of all the Registrable
Securities covered by the Registration Statement on Nasdaq or, if not eligible
for Nasdaq, on Nasdaq SmallCap or, if not eligible for Nasdaq or Nasdaq
SmallCap, on the OTCBB and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to
arrange for at least two market makers to register with the National Association
of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD") as such with respect to such Registrable
Securities.

             n. The Company shall provide a transfer agent and registrar, which
may be a single entity, for the Registrable Securities not later than the
effective date of the Registration Statement.

             o. The Company shall cooperate with the Investors who hold
Registrable Securities being offered and the managing underwriter or
underwriters, if any, to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of
certificates (not bearing any restrictive legends) representing Registrable
Securities to be offered pursuant to a Registration Statement and enable such
certificates to be in such denominations or amounts, as the case may be, as the
managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, or the Investors may reasonably
request and registered in such names as the managing underwriter or
underwriters, if any, or the Investors may request, and, within three (3)
business days after a Registration Statement which includes Registrable
Securities is ordered effective by the SEC, the Company shall deliver, and shall
cause legal counsel selected by the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent
for the Registrable Securities (with copies to the Investors whose Registrable
Securities are included in such Registration Statement) an instruction in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit 1 and an opinion of such counsel in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit 2.

                                       9
<PAGE>
             p. At the request of the holders of a majority-in-interest of the
Registrable Securities, the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such
amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a
Registration Statement and any prospectus used in connection with the
Registration Statement as may be necessary in order to change the plan of
distribution set forth in such Registration Statement.

             q. From and after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall
not, and shall not agree to, allow the holders of any securities of the Company
to include any of their securities in any Registration Statement under Section
2(a) hereof or any amendment or supplement thereto under Section 3(b) hereof
without the consent of the holders of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable
Securities.

             r. The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to
expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investors of Registrable Securities
pursuant to a Registration Statement.

          4. OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTORS.

     In connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities, the
Investors shall have the following obligations:

             a. It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the
Company to complete the registration pursuant to this Agreement with respect to
the Registrable Securities of a particular Investor that such Investor shall
furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable
Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable
Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect the registration
of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection
with such registration as the Company may reasonably request. At least three (3)
business days prior to the first anticipated filing date of the Registration
Statement, the Company shall notify each Investor of the information the Company
requires from each such Investor.

             b. Each Investor, by such Investor's acceptance of the Registrable
Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the
Company in connection with the preparation and filing of the Registration
Statements hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company in writing
of such Investor's election to exclude all of such Investor's Registrable
Securities from the Registration Statements.

             c. In the event Investors holding a majority-in-interest of the
Registrable Securities being registered (with the approval of the Initial
Investors) determine to engage the services of an underwriter, each Investor
agrees to enter into and perform such Investor's obligations under an
underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, including, without
limitation, customary indemnification and contribution obligations, with the
managing underwriter of such offering and take such other actions as are
reasonably required in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of the
Registrable Securities, unless such Investor has notified the Company in writing
of such Investor's election to exclude all of such Investor's Registrable
Securities from such Registration Statement.

                                       10
<PAGE>
             d. Each Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the
Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(f) or
3(g), such Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable
Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement covering such Registrable
Securities until such Investor's receipt of the copies of the supplemented or
amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(f) or 3(g) and, if so directed by
the Company, such Investor shall deliver to the Company (at the expense of the
Company) or destroy (and deliver to the Company a certificate of destruction)
all copies in such Investor's possession, of the prospectus covering such
Registrable Securities current at the time of receipt of such notice.

             e. No Investor may participate in any underwritten registration
hereunder unless such Investor (i) agrees to sell such Investor's Registrable
Securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements in usual and
customary form entered into by the Company, (ii) completes and executes all
questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements and
other documents reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting
arrangements, and (iii) agrees to pay its pro rata share of all underwriting
discounts and commissions and any expenses in excess of those payable by the
Company pursuant to Section 5 below.

          5. EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

     All reasonable expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions,
incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to
Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and
qualification fees, printers and accounting fees, the fees and disbursements of
counsel for the Company, and the reasonable fees and disbursements of one
counsel selected by the Initial Investors pursuant to Sections 2(b) and 3(h)
hereof shall be borne by the Company.

          6. INDEMNIFICATION.

     In the event any Registrable Securities are included in a Registration
Statement under this Agreement:

             a. To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify, hold
harmless and defend (i) each Investor who holds such Registrable Securities,
(ii) the directors, officers, partners, employees, agents and each person who
controls any Investor within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), if any, (iii) any underwriter
(as defined in the 1933 Act) for the Investors, and (iv) the directors,
officers, partners, employees and each person who controls any such underwriter
within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, if any (each, an
"Indemnified Person"), against any joint or several losses, claims, damages,
liabilities or expenses (collectively, together with actions, proceedings or
inquiries by any regulatory or self-regulatory organization, whether commenced
or threatened, in respect thereof, "Claims") to which any of them may become
subject insofar as such Claims arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration
Statement or the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact
required to be stated or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading; (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact contained in any preliminary prospectus if used prior to the effective date
of such Registration Statement, or contained in the final prospectus (as amended
or supplemented, if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any
material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the
circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading; or
(iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the
1934 Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities
law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the

                                       11
<PAGE>
Registrable Securities (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii)
being, collectively, "Violations"). Subject to the restrictions set forth in
Section 6(c) with respect to the number of legal counsel, the Company shall
reimburse the Indemnified Person, promptly as such expenses are incurred and are
due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses
incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification
agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim arising
out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity
with information furnished in writing to the Company by any Indemnified Person
or underwriter for such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with
the preparation of such Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or
supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company
pursuant to Section 3(c) hereof; (ii) shall not apply to amounts paid in
settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written
consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; and
(iii) with respect to any preliminary prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit
of any Indemnified Person if the untrue statement or omission of material fact
contained in the preliminary prospectus was corrected on a timely basis in the
prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, such corrected prospectus was
timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) hereof, and the
Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the incorrect
prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a Violation and such Indemnified
Person, notwithstanding such advice, used it. Such indemnity shall remain in
full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of
the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable
Securities by the Investors pursuant to Section 9.

             b. In connection with any Registration Statement in which an
Investor is participating, each such Investor agrees severally and not jointly
to indemnify, hold harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same
manner set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each of its directors, each of
its officers who signs the Registration Statement, each person, if any, who
controls the Company within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act, any
underwriter and any other shareholder selling securities pursuant to the
Registration Statement or any of its directors or officers or any person who
controls such shareholder or underwriter within the meaning of the 1933 Act or
the 1934 Act (collectively and together with an Indemnified Person, an
"Indemnified Party"), against any Claim to which any of them may become subject,
under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, insofar as such Claim arises out
of or is based upon any Violation by such Investor, in each case to the extent
(and only to the extent) that such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in
conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Investor
expressly for use in connection with such Registration Statement; and subject to
Section 6(c) such Investor will reimburse any legal or other expenses (promptly
as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable) reasonably incurred by
them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim; provided,
however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6(b) shall not
apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected
without the prior written consent of such Investor, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld; provided, further, however, that the Investor shall be
liable under this Agreement (including this Section 6(b) and Section 7) for only
that amount as does not exceed the net proceeds to such Investor as a result of
the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. Such
indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation
made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of
the Registrable Securities by the Investors pursuant to Section 9.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification
agreement contained in this Section 6(b) with respect to any preliminary
prospectus shall not inure to the benefit of any Indemnified Party if the untrue
statement or omission of material fact contained in the preliminary prospectus
was corrected on a timely basis in the prospectus, as then amended or
supplemented.

                                       12
<PAGE>
             c. Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified
Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action
(including any governmental action), such Indemnified Person or Indemnified
Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any
indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a
written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall
have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so
desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume
control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the
indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the
case may be; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party
shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses to be
paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel
retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the
Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be
inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such
Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such
counsel in such proceeding. The indemnifying party shall pay for only one
separate legal counsel for the Indemnified Persons or the Indemnified Parties,
as applicable, and such legal counsel shall be selected by Investors holding a
majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration
Statement to which the Claim relates (with the approval of a
majority-in-interest of the Initial Investors), if the Investors are entitled to
indemnification hereunder, or the Company, if the Company is entitled to
indemnification hereunder, as applicable. The failure to deliver written notice
to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any
such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the
Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the
extent that the indemnifying party is actually prejudiced in its ability to
defend such action. The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made
by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the
investigation or defense, as such expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred
and is due and payable.

          7. CONTRIBUTION.

     To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or
limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution
with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section
6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that (i) no
contribution shall be made under circumstances where the maker would not have
been liable for indemnification under the fault standards set forth in Section
6, (ii) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be
entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not
guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation, and (iii)contribution (together
with any indemnification or other obligations under this Agreement) by any
seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of
proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities.

          8. REPORTS UNDER THE 1934 ACT.

     With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144
promulgated under the 1933 Act or any other similar rule or regulation of the
SEC that may at any time permit the investors to sell securities of the Company
to the public without registration ("Rule 144"), the Company agrees to:

             a. make and keep public information available, as those terms are
understood and defined in Rule 144;

                                       13
<PAGE>
             b. file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other
documents required of the Company under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act so long as
the Company remains subject to such requirements (it being understood that
nothing herein shall limit the Company's obligations under Section 4(c) of the
Securities Purchase Agreement) and the filing of such reports and other
documents is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144; and

             c. furnish to each Investor so long as such Investor owns
Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the
Company that it has complied with the reporting requirements of Rule 144, the
1933 Act and the 1934 Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly
report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the
Company, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to
permit the Investors to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without
registration.

          9. ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

     The rights under this Agreement shall be automatically assignable by the
Investors to any transferee of all or any portion of Registrable Securities if:
(i) the Investor agrees in writing with the transferee or assignee to assign
such rights, and a copy of such agreement is furnished to the Company within a
reasonable time after such assignment, (ii) the Company is, within a reasonable
time after such transfer or assignment, furnished with written notice of (a) the
name and address of such transferee or assignee, and (b) the securities with
respect to which such registration rights are being transferred or assigned,
(iii) following such transfer or assignment, the further disposition of such
securities by the transferee or assignee is restricted under the 1933 Act and
applicable state securities laws, (iv) at or before the time the Company
receives the written notice contemplated by clause (ii) of this sentence, the
transferee or assignee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of
the provisions contained herein, (v) such transfer shall have been made in
accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Purchase
Agreement, and (vi) such transferee shall be an "accredited investor" as that
term defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act.

          10. AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

     Provisions of this Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof may
be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively), only with written consent of the Company, each of the Initial
Investors (to the extent such Initial Investor still owns Registrable
Securities) and Investors who hold a majority interest of the Registrable
Securities. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 10
shall be binding upon each Investor and the Company.

          11. MISCELLANEOUS.

             a. A person or entity is deemed to be a holder of Registrable
Securities whenever such person or entity owns of record such Registrable
Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or
elections from two or more persons or entities with respect to the same
Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions,
notice or election received from the registered owner of such Registrable
Securities.

                                       14
<PAGE>
             b. Any notices required or permitted to be given under the terms
hereof shall be sent by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested)
or delivered personally or by courier (including a recognized overnight delivery
service) or by facsimile and shall be effective five (5) days after being placed
in the mail, if mailed by regular United States mail, or upon receipt, if
delivered personally or by courier (including a recognized overnight delivery
service) or by facsimile, in each case addressed to a party. The addresses for
such communications shall be:

                           If to the Company:

                           Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc.
                           12268 Via Latina
                           Del Mar, California  92914
                           Attention: President
                           Telephone:  858-481-2207
                           Facsimile:   858-481-2207

                           With a copy to:

                           Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP
                           1065 Avenue of the Americas
                           New York, New York  10018
                           Attention:  Gregory Sichenzia, Esq.
                           Telephone:  212-930-9700
                           Facsimile:   212-930-9725


If to an Investor: to the address set forth immediately below such Investor's
name on the signature pages to the Securities Purchase Agreement.

                           With a copy to:

                           Ballard Spahr Andrews & Ingersoll, LLP
                           1735 Market Street
                           51st Floor
                           Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  19103
                           Attention:  Gerald J. Guarcini, Esq.
                           Telephone:  215-865-8625
                           Facsimile:  215-864-8999


             c. Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this
Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy,
shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

             d. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE ENFORCED, GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE
AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES
OF CONFLICT OF LAWS. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED NEW YORK, NEW YORK WITH
RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, THE AGREEMENTS ENTERED INTO
IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. BOTH
PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVE THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE
MAINTENANCE OF SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING. BOTH PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT SERVICE
OF PROCESS UPON A PARTY MAILED BY FIRST CLASS MAIL SHALL BE DEEMED IN EVERY
RESPECT EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS UPON THE PARTY IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR

                                       15
<PAGE>
PROCEEDING. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT EITHER PARTY'S RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN
ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW. BOTH PARTIES AGREE THAT A FINAL
NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH SUIT OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND
MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON SUCH JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER
LAWFUL MANNER. THE PARTY WHICH DOES NOT PREVAIL IN ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL FEES AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING
ATTORNEYS' FEES, INCURRED BY THE PREVAILING PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH
DISPUTE.

             e. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or
unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision
shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and
shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any
provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.

             f. This Agreement, the Notes, the Warrants and the Securities
Purchase Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits thereto) constitute the
entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or
undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein. This
Agreement and the Securities Purchase Agreement supersede all prior agreements
and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and thereof.

             g. Subject to the requirements of Section 9 hereof, this Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their
successors and assigns.

             h. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference
only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this
Agreement.

             i. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and
the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed
by each party and delivered to the other party. This Agreement, once executed by
a party, may be delivered to the other party hereto by facsimile transmission of
a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this
Agreement.

             j. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and
performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other
party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the
purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

             k. Except as otherwise provided herein, all consents and other
determinations to be made by the Investors pursuant to this Agreement shall be
made by Investors holding a majority of the Registrable Securities, determined
as if the all of the Notes then outstanding have been converted into for
Registrable Securities.

             l. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations
hereunder will cause irreparable harm to each Investor by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company
acknowledges that the remedy at law for breach of its obligations under this
Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened
breach by the Company of any of the provisions under this Agreement, that each
Investor shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies in law
or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an


                                       16
<PAGE>
injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required.

             m. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the
language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of
strict construction will be applied against any party.

















                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]




                                       17
<PAGE>
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the undersigned Initial Investors
have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above
written.


                             PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.


                             /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                 -------------
                                 Edward Litwak
                                 President



                             AJW PARTNERS, LLC
                             By:  SMS Group, LLC


                             /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                 -----------------
                                 Corey S. Ribotsky
                                 Manager



                             AJW OFFSHORE, LTD.
                             By:  First Street Manager II, LLC

                             /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                 -----------------
                                 Corey S. Ribotsky
                                 Manager


                             AJW QUALIFIED PARTNERS, LLC
                             By:  AJW Manager, LLC


                             /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                 -----------------
                                 Corey S. Ribotsky
                                 Manager


                             NEW MILLENNIUM CAPITAL PARTNERS, II, LLC
                             By:  First Street Manager II, LLC

                             /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                 -----------------
                                 Corey S. Ribotsky
                                 Manager

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>dec232004form8kex411.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.11


                               SECURITY AGREEMENT


     SECURITY AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of December 17, 2004, by
and among Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation
("Company"), and the secured parties signatory hereto and their respective
endorsees, transferees and assigns (collectively, the "Secured Party").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated the date
hereof, between Company and the Secured Party (the "Purchase Agreement"),
Company has agreed to issue to the Secured Party and the Secured Party has
agreed to purchase from Company certain of Company's 10% Secured Convertible
Notes, due three years from the date of issue (the "Notes"), which are
convertible into shares of Company's Common Stock, par value $.001 per share
(the "Common Stock"). In connection therewith, Company shall issue the Secured
Party certain Common Stock purchase warrants (the "Warrants"); and

     WHEREAS, in order to induce the Secured Party to purchase the Notes,
Company has agreed to execute and deliver to the Secured Party this Agreement
for the benefit of the Secured Party and to grant to it a first priority
security interest in certain property of Company to secure the prompt payment,
performance and discharge in full of all of Company's obligations under the
Notes and exercise and discharge in full of Company's obligations under the
Warrants.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements herein contained and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

     1. Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the meanings set forth in this Section 1. Terms used but not
otherwise defined in this Agreement that are defined in Article 9 of the UCC
(such as "general intangibles" and "proceeds") shall have the respective
meanings given such terms in Article 9 of the UCC.

        (a) "Collateral" means the collateral in which the Secured Party is
granted a security interest by this Agreement and which shall include the
following, whether presently owned or existing or hereafter acquired or coming
into existence, and all additions and accessions thereto and all substitutions
and replacements thereof, and all proceeds, products and accounts thereof,
including, without limitation, all proceeds from the sale or transfer of the
Collateral and of insurance covering the same and of any tort claims in
connection therewith:

            (i) All Goods of the Company, including, without limitations, all
      machinery, equipment, computers, motor vehicles, trucks, tanks, boats,
      ships, appliances, furniture, special and general tools, fixtures, test
      and quality control devices and other equipment of every kind and nature
      and wherever situated, together with all documents of title and documents
      representing the same, all additions and accessions thereto, replacements
      therefor, all parts therefor, and all substitutes for any of the foregoing
      and all other items used and useful in connection with the Company's
      businesses and all improvements thereto (collectively, the "Equipment");
      and

            (ii) All Inventory of the Company; and

<PAGE>
            (iii) All of the Company's contract rights and general intangibles,
      including, without limitation, all partnership interests, stock or other
      securities, licenses, distribution and other agreements, computer software
      development rights, leases, franchises, customer lists, quality control
      procedures, grants and rights, goodwill, trademarks, service marks, trade
      styles, trade names, patents, patent applications, copyrights, deposit
      accounts, and income tax refunds (collectively, the "General
      Intangibles"); and

            (iv) All Receivables of the Company including all insurance
      proceeds, and rights to refunds or indemnification whatsoever owing,
      together with all instruments, all documents of title representing any of
      the foregoing, all rights in any merchandising, goods, equipment, motor
      vehicles and trucks which any of the same may represent, and all right,
      title, security and guaranties with respect to each Receivable, including
      any right of stoppage in transit; and

            (v) All of the Company's documents, instruments and chattel paper,
      files, records, books of account, business papers, computer programs and
      the products and proceeds of all of the foregoing Collateral set forth in
      clauses (i)-(iv) above.

        (b) "Company" shall mean, collectively, Company and all of the
subsidiaries of Company, a list of which is contained in Schedule A, attached
hereto.

        (c) "Obligations" means all of the Company's obligations under this
Agreement and the Notes, in each case, whether now or hereafter existing,
voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated
or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not
from time to time decreased or extinguished and later decreased, created or
incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities that are
paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered
directly or indirectly from the Secured Party as a preference, fraudulent
transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented,
converted, extended or modified from time to time.

        (d) "UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code, as currently in effect in
the State of New York.

     2. Grant of Security Interest. As an inducement for the Secured Party to
purchase the Notes and to secure the complete and timely payment, performance
and discharge in full, as the case may be, of all of the Obligations, the
Company hereby, unconditionally and irrevocably, pledges, grants and
hypothecates to the Secured Party, a continuing security interest in, a
continuing first lien upon, an unqualified right to possession and disposition
of and a right of set-off against, in each case to the fullest extent permitted
by law, all of the Company's right, title and interest of whatsoever kind and
nature in and to the Collateral (the "Security Interest").

     3. Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Agreements of the Company.
The Company represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees with, the
Secured Party as follows:

        (a) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter
into this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder. The
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the
filings contemplated therein have been duly authorized by all necessary action
on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company.
This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditor's rights generally.

                                       2
<PAGE>
        (b) The Company represents and warrants that it has no place of business
or offices where its respective books of account and records are kept (other
than temporarily at the offices of its attorneys or accountants) or places where
Collateral is stored or located, except as set forth on Schedule A attached
hereto;

        (c) The Company is the sole owner of the Collateral (except for
non-exclusive licenses granted by the Company in the ordinary course of
business), free and clear of any liens, security interests, encumbrances, rights
or claims, and is fully authorized to grant the Security Interest in and to
pledge the Collateral. There is not on file in any governmental or regulatory
authority, agency or recording office an effective financing statement, security
agreement, license or transfer or any notice of any of the foregoing (other than
those that have been filed in favor of the Secured Party pursuant to this
Agreement) covering or affecting any of the Collateral. So long as this
Agreement shall be in effect, the Company shall not execute and shall not
knowingly permit to be on file in any such office or agency any such financing
statement or other document or instrument (except to the extent filed or
recorded in favor of the Secured Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement).

        (d) No part of the Collateral has been judged invalid or unenforceable.
No written claim has been received that any Collateral or the Company's use of
any Collateral violates the rights of any third party. There has been no adverse
decision to the Company's claim of ownership rights in or exclusive rights to
use the Collateral in any jurisdiction or to the Company's right to keep and
maintain such Collateral in full force and effect, and there is no proceeding
involving said rights pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company,
threatened before any court, judicial body, administrative or regulatory agency,
arbitrator or other governmental authority.

        (e) The Company shall at all times maintain its books of account and
records relating to the Collateral at its principal place of business and its
Collateral at the locations set forth on Schedule A attached hereto and may not
relocate such books of account and records or tangible Collateral unless it
delivers to the Secured Party at least thirty (30) days prior to such relocation
(i) written notice of such relocation and the new location thereof (which must
be within the United States) and (ii) evidence that appropriate financing
statements and other necessary documents have been filed and recorded and other
steps have been taken to perfect the Security Interest to create in favor of the
Secured Party valid, perfected and continuing first priority liens in the
Collateral.

        (f) This Agreement creates in favor of the Secured Party a valid
security interest in the Collateral securing the payment and performance of the
Obligations and, upon making the filings described in the immediately following
sentence, a perfected first priority security interest in such Collateral.
Except for the filing of financing statements on Form-1 under the UCC with the
jurisdictions indicated on Schedule B, attached hereto, no authorization or
approval of or filing with or notice to any governmental authority or regulatory
body is required either (i) for the grant by the Company of, or the
effectiveness of, the Security Interest granted hereby or for the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company or (ii) for the
perfection of or exercise by the Secured Party of its rights and remedies
hereunder.

        (g) On the date of execution of this Agreement, the Company will deliver
to the Secured Party one or more executed UCC financing statements on Form-1
with respect to the Security Interest for filing with the jurisdictions
indicated on Schedule B, attached hereto and in such other jurisdictions as may
be requested by the Secured Party.

                                       3
<PAGE>
        (h) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement does not
conflict with or cause a breach or default, or an event that with or without the
passage of time or notice, shall constitute a breach or default, under any
agreement to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound. No
consent (including, without limitation, from stock holders or creditors of the
Company) is required for the Company to enter into and perform its obligations
hereunder.

        (i) The Company shall at all times maintain the liens and Security
Interest provided for hereunder as valid and perfected first priority liens and
security interests in the Collateral in favor of the Secured Party until this
Agreement and the Security Interest hereunder shall terminate pursuant to
Section 11. The Company hereby agrees to defend the same against any and all
persons. The Company shall safeguard and protect all Collateral for the account
of the Secured Party. At the request of the Secured Party, the Company will sign
and deliver to the Secured Party at any time or from time to time one or more
financing statements pursuant to the UCC (or any other applicable statute) in
form reasonably satisfactory to the Secured Party and will pay the cost of
filing the same in all public offices wherever filing is, or is deemed by the
Secured Party to be, necessary or desirable to effect the rights and obligations
provided for herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company shall pay all fees, taxes and other amounts necessary to maintain the
Collateral and the Security Interest hereunder, and the Company shall obtain and
furnish to the Secured Party from time to time, upon demand, such releases
and/or subordinations of claims and liens which may be required to maintain the
priority of the Security Interest hereunder.

        (j) The Company will not transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber,
license (except for non-exclusive licenses granted by the Company in the
ordinary course of business), sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral
without the prior written consent of the Secured Party.

        (k) The Company shall keep and preserve its Equipment, Inventory and
other tangible Collateral in good condition, repair and order and shall not
operate or locate any such Collateral (or cause to be operated or located) in
any area excluded from insurance coverage.

        (l) The Company shall, within ten (10) days of obtaining knowledge
thereof, advise the Secured Party promptly, in sufficient detail, of any
substantial change in the Collateral, and of the occurrence of any event which
would have a material adverse effect on the value of the Collateral or on the
Secured Party's security interest therein.

        (m) The Company shall promptly execute and deliver to the Secured Party
such further deeds, mortgages, assignments, security agreements, financing
statements or other instruments, documents, certificates and assurances and take
such further action as the Secured Party may from time to time request and may
in its sole discretion deem necessary to perfect, protect or enforce its
security interest in the Collateral including, without limitation, the execution
and delivery of a separate security agreement with respect to the Company's
intellectual property ("Intellectual Property Security Agreement") in which the
Secured Party has been granted a security interest hereunder, substantially in a
form acceptable to the Secured Party, which Intellectual Property Security
Agreement, other than as stated therein, shall be subject to all of the terms
and conditions hereof.

        (n) The Company shall permit the Secured Party and its representatives
and agents to inspect the Collateral at any time, and to make copies of records
pertaining to the Collateral as may be requested by the Secured Party from time
to time.

                                       4
<PAGE>
        (o) The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to diligently
pursue and seek to preserve, enforce and collect any rights, claims, causes of
action and accounts receivable in respect of the Collateral.

        (p) The Company shall promptly notify the Secured Party in sufficient
detail upon becoming aware of any attachment, garnishment, execution or other
legal process levied against any Collateral and of any other information
received by the Company that may materially affect the value of the Collateral,
the Security Interest or the rights and remedies of the Secured Party hereunder.

        (q) All information heretofore, herein or hereafter supplied to the
Secured Party by or on behalf of the Company with respect to the Collateral is
accurate and complete in all material respects as of the date furnished. (r)
Schedule A attached hereto contains a list of all of the subsidiaries of
Company.

     4. Defaults. The following events shall be "Events of Default":

        (a) The occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Notes)
under the Notes;

        (b) Any representation or warranty of the Company in this Agreement or
in the Intellectual Property Security Agreement shall prove to have been
incorrect in any material respect when made;

        (c) The failure by the Company to observe or perform any of its
obligations hereunder or in the Intellectual Property Security Agreement for ten
(10) days after receipt by the Company of notice of such failure from the
Secured Party; and

        (d) Any breach of, or default under, the Warrants.

     5. Duty To Hold In Trust. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and
at any time thereafter, the Company shall, upon receipt by it of any revenue,
income or other sums subject to the Security Interest, whether payable pursuant
to the Notes or otherwise, or of any check, draft, note, trade acceptance or
other instrument evidencing an obligation to pay any such sum, hold the same in
trust for the Secured Party and shall forthwith endorse and transfer any such
sums or instruments, or both, to the Secured Party for application to the
satisfaction of the Obligations.

     6. Rights and Remedies Upon Default. Upon occurrence of any Event of
Default and at any time thereafter, the Secured Party shall have the right to
exercise all of the remedies conferred hereunder and under the Notes, and the
Secured Party shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party under
the UCC and/or any other applicable law (including the Uniform Commercial Code
of any jurisdiction in which any Collateral is then located). Without
limitation, the Secured Party shall have the following rights and powers:

        (a) The Secured Party shall have the right to take possession of the
Collateral and, for that purpose, enter, with the aid and assistance of any
person, any premises where the Collateral, or any part thereof, is or may be
placed and remove the same, and the Company shall assemble the Collateral and
make it available to the Secured Party at places which the Secured Party shall
reasonably select, whether at the Company's premises or elsewhere, and make
available to the Secured Party, without rent, all of the Company's respective
premises and facilities for the purpose of the Secured Party taking possession
of, removing or putting the Collateral in saleable or disposable form.

                                       5
<PAGE>
        (b) The Secured Party shall have the right to operate the business of
the Company using the Collateral and shall have the right to assign, sell, lease
or otherwise dispose of and deliver all or any part of the Collateral, at public
or private sale or otherwise, either with or without special conditions or
stipulations, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, in such parcel or
parcels and at such time or times and at such place or places, and upon such
terms and conditions as the Secured Party may deem commercially reasonable, all
without (except as shall be required by applicable statute and cannot be waived)
advertisement or demand upon or notice to the Company or right of redemption of
the Company, which are hereby expressly waived. Upon each such sale, lease,
assignment or other transfer of Collateral, the Secured Party may, unless
prohibited by applicable law which cannot be waived, purchase all or any part of
the Collateral being sold, free from and discharged of all trusts, claims, right
of redemption and equities of the Company, which are hereby waived and released.

     7. Applications of Proceeds. The proceeds of any such sale, lease or other
disposition of the Collateral hereunder shall be applied first, to the expenses
of retaking, holding, storing, processing and preparing for sale, selling, and
the like (including, without limitation, any taxes, fees and other costs
incurred in connection therewith) of the Collateral, to the reasonable
attorneys' fees and expenses incurred by the Secured Party in enforcing its
rights hereunder and in connection with collecting, storing and disposing of the
Collateral, and then to satisfaction of the Obligations, and to the payment of
any other amounts required by applicable law, after which the Secured Party
shall pay to the Company any surplus proceeds. If, upon the sale, license or
other disposition of the Collateral, the proceeds thereof are insufficient to
pay all amounts to which the Secured Party is legally entitled, the Company will
be liable for the deficiency, together with interest thereon, at the rate of 15%
per annum (the "Default Rate"), and the reasonable fees of any attorneys
employed by the Secured Party to collect such deficiency. To the extent
permitted by applicable law, the Company waives all claims, damages and demands
against the Secured Party arising out of the repossession, removal, retention or
sale of the Collateral, unless due to the gross negligence or willful misconduct
of the Secured Party.

     8. Costs and Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all out-of-pocket fees,
costs and expenses incurred in connection with any filing required hereunder,
including without limitation, any financing statements, continuation statements,
partial releases and/or termination statements related thereto or any expenses
of any searches reasonably required by the Secured Party. The Company shall also
pay all other claims and charges which in the reasonable opinion of the Secured
Party might prejudice, imperil or otherwise affect the Collateral or the
Security Interest therein. The Company will also, upon demand, pay to the
Secured Party the amount of any and all reasonable expenses, including the
reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any experts and agents, which
the Secured Party may incur in connection with (i) the enforcement of this
Agreement, (ii) the custody or preservation of, or the sale of, collection from,
or other realization upon, any of the Collateral, or (iii) the exercise or
enforcement of any of the rights of the Secured Party under the Notes. Until so
paid, any fees payable hereunder shall be added to the principal amount of the
Notes and shall bear interest at the Default Rate.

     9. Responsibility for Collateral. The Company assumes all liabilities and
responsibility in connection with all Collateral, and the obligations of the
Company hereunder or under the Notes and the Warrants shall in no way be
affected or diminished by reason of the loss, destruction, damage or theft of
any of the Collateral or its unavailability for any reason.

     10. Security Interest Absolute. All rights of the Secured Party and all
Obligations of the Company hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional,
irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement,
the Notes, the Warrants or any agreement entered into in connection with the
foregoing, or any portion hereof or thereof; (b) any change in the time, manner


                                       6
<PAGE>
or place of payment or performance of, or in any other term of, all or any of
the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any
departure from the Notes, the Warrants or any other agreement entered into in
connection with the foregoing; (c) any exchange, release or nonperfection of any
of the Collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to
departure from any other collateral for, or any guaranty, or any other security,
for all or any of the Obligations; (d) any action by the Secured Party to
obtain, adjust, settle and cancel in its sole discretion any insurance claims or
matters made or arising in connection with the Collateral; or (e) any other
circumstance which might otherwise constitute any legal or equitable defense
available to the Company, or a discharge of all or any part of the Security
Interest granted hereby. Until the Obligations shall have been paid and
performed in full, the rights of the Secured Party shall continue even if the
Obligations are barred for any reason, including, without limitation, the
running of the statute of limitations or bankruptcy. The Company expressly
waives presentment, protest, notice of protest, demand, notice of nonpayment and
demand for performance. In the event that at any time any transfer of any
Collateral or any payment received by the Secured Party hereunder shall be
deemed by final order of a court of competent jurisdiction to have been a
voidable preference or fraudulent conveyance under the bankruptcy or insolvency
laws of the United States, or shall be deemed to be otherwise due to any party
other than the Secured Party, then, in any such event, the Company's obligations
hereunder shall survive cancellation of this Agreement, and shall not be
discharged or satisfied by any prior payment thereof and/or cancellation of this
Agreement, but shall remain a valid and binding obligation enforceable in
accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. The Company waives all right to
require the Secured Party to proceed against any other person or to apply any
Collateral which the Secured Party may hold at any time, or to marshal assets,
or to pursue any other remedy. The Company waives any defense arising by reason
of the application of the statute of limitations to any obligation secured
hereby.

     11. Term of Agreement. This Agreement and the Security Interest shall
terminate on the date on which all payments under the Notes have been made in
full and all other Obligations have been paid or discharged. Upon such
termination, the Secured Party, at the request and at the expense of the
Company, will join in executing any termination statement with respect to any
financing statement executed and filed pursuant to this Agreement.

     12. Power of Attorney; Further Assurances.

        (a) The Company authorizes the Secured Party, and does hereby make,
constitute and appoint it, and its respective officers, agents, successors or
assigns with full power of substitution, as the Company's true and lawful
attorney-in-fact, with power, in its own name or in the name of the Company, to,
after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i)
endorse any notes, checks, drafts, money orders, or other instruments of payment
(including payments payable under or in respect of any policy of insurance) in
respect of the Collateral that may come into possession of the Secured Party;
(ii) to sign and endorse any UCC financing statement or any invoice, freight or
express bill, bill of lading, storage or warehouse receipts, drafts against
debtors, assignments, verifications and notices in connection with accounts, and
other documents relating to the Collateral; (iii) to pay or discharge taxes,
liens, security interests or other encumbrances at any time levied or placed on
or threatened against the Collateral; (iv) to demand, collect, receipt for,
compromise, settle and sue for monies due in respect of the Collateral; and (v)
generally, to do, at the option of the Secured Party, and at the Company's
expense, at any time, or from time to time, all acts and things which the
Secured Party deems necessary to protect, preserve and realize upon the
Collateral and the Security Interest granted therein in order to effect the
intent of this Agreement, the Notes and the Warrants, all as fully and
effectually as the Company might or could do; and the Company hereby ratifies


                                       7
<PAGE>
all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable for
the term of this Agreement and thereafter as long as any of the Obligations
shall be outstanding.

        (b) On a continuing basis, the Company will make, execute, acknowledge,
deliver, file and record, as the case may be, in the proper filing and recording
places in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the jurisdictions
indicated on Schedule B, attached hereto, all such instruments, and take all
such action as may reasonably be deemed necessary or advisable, or as reasonably
requested by the Secured Party, to perfect the Security Interest granted
hereunder and otherwise to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement,
or for assuring and confirming to the Secured Party the grant or perfection of a
security interest in all the Collateral.

        (c) The Company hereby irrevocably appoints the Secured Party as the
Company's attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of the
Company and in the name of the Company, from time to time in the Secured Party's
discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Secured
Party may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this
Agreement, including the filing, in its sole discretion, of one or more
financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relative to any of
the Collateral without the signature of the Company where permitted by law.

     13. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing, with copies to all the other parties hereto, and
shall be deemed to have been duly given when (i) if delivered by hand, upon
receipt, (ii) if sent by facsimile, upon receipt of proof of sending thereof,
(iii) if sent by nationally recognized overnight delivery service (receipt
requested), the next business day or (iv) if mailed by first-class registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, four days after
posting in the U.S. mails, in each case if delivered to the following addresses:

         If to the Company:             Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc.
                                        12268 Via Latina
                                        Del Mar, California  92914
                                        Attention: President
                                        Telephone:  858-481-2207
                                        Facsimile:    858-481-2207

         With a copy to:                Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP
                                        1065 Avenue of the Americas
                                        New York, New York  10018
                                        Attention:  Gregory Sichenzia, Esq.
                                        Telephone:  212-930-9700
                                        Facsimile:   212-930-9725

         If to the Secured Party:       AJW Partners, LLC
                                        AJW Offshore, Ltd.
                                        AJW Qualified Partners, LLC
                                        New Millennium Capital Partners II, LLC
                                        1044 Northern Boulevard
                                        Suite 302
                                        Roslyn, New York  11576
                                        Attention:  Corey Ribotsky
                                        Telephone:  516-739-7110
                                        Facsimile:  516-739-7115

         With a copy to:                Ballard Spahr Andrews & Ingersoll, LLP
                                        1735 Market Street, 51st Floor
                                        Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  19103
                                        Attention:  Gerald J. Guarcini, Esq.
                                        Telephone:  215-864-8625
                                        Facsimile:   215-864-8999

                                       8
<PAGE>
     14. Other Security. To the extent that the Obligations are now or hereafter
secured by property other than the Collateral or by the guarantee, endorsement
or property of any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, then the
Secured Party shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to pursue,
relinquish, subordinate, modify or take any other action with respect thereto,
without in any way modifying or affecting any of the Secured Party's rights and
remedies hereunder.

     15. Miscellaneous.

        (a) No course of dealing between the Company and the Secured Party, nor
any failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the Secured
Party, any right, power or privilege hereunder or under the Notes shall operate
as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,
power or privilege hereunder or thereunder preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

        (b) All of the rights and remedies of the Secured Party with respect to
the Collateral, whether established hereby or by the Notes or by any other
agreements, instruments or documents or by law shall be cumulative and may be
exercised singly or concurrently.

        (c) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and is intended to supersede all prior
negotiations, understandings and agreements with respect thereto. Except as
specifically set forth in this Agreement, no provision of this Agreement may be
modified or amended except by a written agreement specifically referring to this
Agreement and signed by the parties hereto.

        (d) In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held to be
invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction for any reason, unless
such provision is narrowed by judicial construction, this Agreement shall, as to
such jurisdiction, be construed as if such invalid, prohibited or unenforceable
provision had been more narrowly drawn so as not to be invalid, prohibited or
unenforceable. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any provision of this
Agreement is held to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction, such provision, as to such jurisdiction, shall be ineffective to
the extent of such invalidity, prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining portion of such provision or the other provisions of
this Agreement and without affecting the validity or enforceability of such
provision or the other provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

        (e) No waiver of any breach or default or any right under this Agreement
shall be considered valid unless in writing and signed by the party giving such
waiver, and no such waiver shall be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or
default or right, whether of the same or similar nature or otherwise.

        (f) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
each party hereto and its successors and assigns.

        (g) Each party shall take such further action and execute and deliver
such further documents as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out
the provisions and purposes of this Agreement.

        (h) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York, except to the extent the validity, perfection or enforcement
of a security interest hereunder in respect of any particular Collateral which
are governed by a jurisdiction other than the State of New York in which case
such law shall govern. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or United States Federal court
sitting in Manhattan county over any action or proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, and the parties hereto hereby irrevocably agree that


                                       9
<PAGE>
all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be heard and determined
in such New York State or Federal court. The parties hereto agree that a final
judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be
enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner
provided by law. The parties hereto further waive any objection to venue in the
State of New York and any objection to an action or proceeding in the State of
New York on the basis of forum non conveniens.

        (i) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY AGREES TO WAIVE ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A
JURY TRAIL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS
AGREEMENT. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL ENCOMPASSING OF ANY
DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATER OF
THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS,
BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. EACH PARTY
HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR EACH PARTY TO
ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP, THAT EACH PARTY HAS ALREADY RELIED ON THIS
WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT EACH PARTY WILL CONTINUE TO RELY
ON THIS WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. EACH PARTY FURTHER WARRANTS AND
REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT
SUCH PARTY HAS KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL
FOLLOWING SUCH CONSULTATION. THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT,
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY, IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER
ORALLY OR IN WRITING, AND THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS,
RENEWALS AND SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT. IN THE EVENT OF A
LITIGATION, THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE
COURT.

        (j) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each
of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. In the event that
any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall
create a valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf
such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such
facsimile signature were the original thereof.













                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]



                                       10
<PAGE>
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Security
Agreement to be duly executed on the day and year first above written.

                              PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.


                              By: /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                      -------------
                                      Edward Litwak
                                      President


                              AJW PARTNERS, LLC
                              By: SMS Group, LLC


                              By: /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                      -----------------
                                      Corey S. Ribotsky
                                      Manager

                              AJW OFFSHORE, LTD.
                              By:  First Street Manager II, LLC


                              By: /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                      -----------------
                                      Corey S. Ribotsky
                                      Manager

                              AJW QUALIFIED PARTNERS, LLC
                              By: AJW Manager, LLC


                              By: /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                      -----------------
                                      Corey S. Ribotsky
                                      Manager

                              NEW MILLENNIUM CAPITAL PARTNERS II, LLC.
                              By:  First Street Manager II, LLC


                              By: /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                      -----------------
                                      Corey S. Ribotsky
                                      Manager






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>dec232004form8kex412.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.12

                    INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY SECURITY AGREEMENT

     Intellectual Property Security Agreement (this "Agreement" dated as of
December 17, 2004, by and among Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the "Company"), and the secured parties signatory hereto and their
respective endorsees, transferees and assigns (collectively, the "Secured
Party").

                              W I T N E S S E T H :

     WHEREAS, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated the date
hereof, between Company and the Secured Party (the "Purchase Agreement"),
Company has agreed to issue to the Secured Party and the Secured Party has
agreed to purchase from Company certain of Company's 10% Secured Convertible
Notes, due three years from the date of issue (the "Notes"), which are
convertible into shares of Company's Common Stock, par value $.001 per share
(the "Common Stock"). In connection therewith, Company shall issue the Secured
Party certain Common Stock purchase warrants (the "Warrants"); and

     WHEREAS, in order to induce the Secured Party to purchase the Notes,
Company has agreed to execute and deliver to the Secured Party this Agreement
for the benefit of the Secured Party and to grant to it a first priority
security interest in certain Intellectual Property (defined below) of Company to
secure the prompt payment, performance and discharge in full of all of Company's
obligations under the Notes and exercise and discharge in full of Company's
obligations under the Warrants; and

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements herein contained and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

          1. Defined Terms. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms which are
defined in the Purchase Agreement and used herein are so used as so defined; and
the following terms shall have the following meanings:

             "Software Intellectual Property" shall mean:

             (a) all software programs (including all source code, object code
and all related applications and data files), whether now owned, upgraded,
enhanced, licensed or leased or hereafter acquired by the Company, above;

             (b) all computers and electronic data processing hardware and
firmware associated therewith;

             (c) all documentation (including flow charts, logic diagrams,
manuals, guides and specifications) with respect to such software, hardware and
firmware described in the preceding clauses (a) and (b); and

             (d) all rights with respect to all of the foregoing, including,
without limitation, any and all upgrades, modifications, copyrights, licenses,
options, warranties, service contracts, program services, test rights,
maintenance rights, support rights, improvement rights, renewal rights and
indemnifications and substitutions, replacements, additions, or model
conversions of any of the foregoing.

             "Copyrights" shall mean (a) all copyrights, registrations and
applications for registration, issued or filed, including any reissues,
extensions or renewals thereof, by or with the United States Copyright Office or
any similar office or agency of the United States, any state thereof, or any
other country or political subdivision thereof, or otherwise, including, all
rights in and to the material constituting the subject matter thereof,
including, without limitation, any referred to in Schedule B hereto, and (b) any
rights in any material which is copyrightable or which is protected by common
law, United States copyright laws or similar laws or any law of any State,
including, without limitation, any thereof referred to in Schedule B hereto.

<PAGE>

             "Copyright License" shall mean any agreement, written or oral,
providing for a grant by the Company of any right in any Copyright, including,
without limitation, any thereof referred to in Schedule B hereto.

             "Intellectual Property" shall means, collectively, the Software
Intellectual Property, Copyrights, Copyright Licenses, Patents, Patent Licenses,
Trademarks, Trademark Licenses and Trade Secrets.

             "Obligations" means all of the Company's obligations under this
Agreement and the Notes, in each case, whether now or hereafter existing,
voluntary or involuntary, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated
or unliquidated, whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not
from time to time decreased or extinguished and later decreased, created or
incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities that are
paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided or recovered
directly or indirectly from the Secured Party as a preference, fraudulent
transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be amended, supplemented,
converted, extended or modified from time to time.

             "Patents" shall mean (a) all letters patent of the United States or
any other country or any political subdivision thereof, and all reissues and
extensions thereof, including, without limitation, any thereof referred to in
Schedule B hereto, and (b) all applications for letters patent of the United
States and all divisions, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof or any
other country or any political subdivision, including, without limitation, any
thereof referred to in Schedule B hereto.

             "Patent License" shall mean all agreements, whether written or
oral, providing for the grant by the Company of any right to manufacture, use or
sell any invention covered by a Patent, including, without limitation, any
thereof referred to in Schedule B hereto.

             "Security Agreement" shall mean the a Security Agreement, dated the
date hereof between Company and the Secured Party.

             "Trademarks" shall mean (a) all trademarks, trade names, corporate
names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, trade styles,
service marks, logos and other source or business identifiers, and the goodwill
associated therewith, now existing or hereafter adopted or acquired, all
registrations and recordings thereof, and all applications in connection
therewith, whether in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any
similar office or agency of the United States, any state thereof or any other
country or any political subdivision thereof, or otherwise, including, without
limitation, any thereof referred to in Schedule B hereto, and (b) all reissues,
extensions or renewals thereof.

             "Trademark License" shall mean any agreement, written or oral,
providing for the grant by the Company of any right to use any Trademark,
including, without limitation, any thereof referred to in Schedule B hereto.

             "Trade Secrets" shall mean common law and statutory trade secrets
and all other confidential or proprietary or useful information and all know-how
obtained by or used in or contemplated at any time for use in the business of
the Company (all of the foregoing being collectively called a "Trade Secret"),
whether or not such Trade Secret has been reduced to a writing or other tangible
form, including all documents and things embodying, incorporating or referring
in any way to such Trade Secret, all Trade Secret licenses, including each Trade
Secret license referred to in Schedule B hereto, and including the right to sue
for and to enjoin and to collect damages for the actual or threatened
misappropriation of any Trade Secret and for the breach or enforcement of any
such Trade Secret license.

                                       2
<PAGE>
          2. Grant of Security Interest. In accordance with Section 3(m) of the
Security Agreement, to secure the complete and timely payment, performance and
discharge in full, as the case may be, of all of the Obligations, the Company
hereby, unconditionally and irrevocably, pledges, grants and hypothecates to the
Secured Party, a continuing security interest in, a continuing first lien upon,
an unqualified right to possession and disposition of and a right of set-off
against, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by law, all of the
Company's right, title and interest of whatsoever kind and nature in and to the
Intellectual Property (the "Security Interest").

          3. Representations and Warranties. The Company hereby represents and
warrants, and covenants and agrees with, the Secured Party as follows:

             (a) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to
enter into this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the
filings contemplated therein have been duly authorized by all necessary action
on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company.
This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditor's rights generally.

             (b) The Company represents and warrants that it has no place of
business or offices where its respective books of account and records are kept
(other than temporarily at the offices of its attorneys or accountants) or
places where the Intellectual Property is stored or located, except as set forth
on Schedule A attached hereto;

             (c) The Company is the sole owner of the Intellectual Property
(except for non-exclusive licenses granted by the Company in the ordinary course
of business), free and clear of any liens, security interests, encumbrances,
rights or claims, and is fully authorized to grant the Security Interest in and
to pledge the Intellectual Property. There is not on file in any governmental or
regulatory authority, agency or recording office an effective financing
statement, security agreement, license or transfer or any notice of any of the
foregoing (other than those that have been filed in favor of the Secured Party
pursuant to this Agreement) covering or affecting any of the Intellectual
Property. So long as this Agreement shall be in effect, the Company shall not
execute and shall not knowingly permit to be on file in any such office or
agency any such financing statement or other document or instrument (except to
the extent filed or recorded in favor of the Secured Party pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement), except for a financing statement covering assets acquired by
the Company after the date hereof, provided that the value of the Intellectual
Property covered by this Agreement along with the Collateral (as defined in the
Security Agreement) is equal to at least 150% of the Obligations.

             (d) The Company shall at all times maintain its books of account
and records relating to the Intellectual Property at its principal place of
business and its Intellectual Property at the locations set forth on Schedule A
attached hereto and may not relocate such books of account and records unless it
delivers to the Secured Party at least thirty (30) days prior to such relocation
(i) written notice of such relocation and the new location thereof (which must
be within the United States) and (ii) evidence that the necessary documents have
been filed and recorded and other steps have been taken to perfect the Security
Interest to create in favor of the Secured Party valid, perfected and continuing
first priority liens in the Intellectual Property to the extent they can be
perfected through such filings.

                                       3
<PAGE>
             (e) This Agreement creates in favor of the Secured Party a valid
security interest in the Intellectual Property securing the payment and
performance of the Obligations and, upon making the filings required hereunder,
a perfected first priority security interest in such Intellectual Property to
the extent that it can be perfected through such filings.

             (f) Upon request of the Secured Party, the Company shall execute
and deliver any and all agreements, instruments, documents, and papers as the
Secured Party may request to evidence the Secured Party's security interest in
the Intellectual Property and the goodwill and general intangibles of the
Company relating thereto or represented thereby, and the Company hereby appoints
the Secured Party its attorney-in-fact to execute and file all such writings for
the foregoing purposes, all acts of such attorney being hereby ratified and
confirmed; such power being coupled with an interest is irrevocable until the
Obligations have been fully satisfied and are paid in full.

             (g) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement does
not conflict with or cause a breach or default, or an event that with or without
the passage of time or notice, shall constitute a breach or default, under any
agreement to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound. No
consent (including, without limitation, from stock holders or creditors of the
Company) is required for the Company to enter into and perform its obligations
hereunder.

             (h) The Company shall at all times maintain the liens and Security
Interest provided for hereunder as valid and perfected first priority liens and
security interests in the Intellectual Property to the extent they can be
perfected by filing in favor of the Secured Party until this Agreement and the
Security Interest hereunder shall terminate pursuant to Section 11. The Company
hereby agrees to defend the same against any and all persons. The Company shall
safeguard and protect all Intellectual Property for the account of the Secured
Party. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company shall pay
all fees, taxes and other amounts necessary to maintain the Intellectual
Property and the Security Interest hereunder, and the Company shall obtain and
furnish to the Secured Party from time to time, upon demand, such releases
and/or subordinations of claims and liens which may be required to maintain the
priority of the Security Interest hereunder.

             (i) The Company will not transfer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber,
license (except for non-exclusive licenses granted by the Company in the
ordinary course of business), sell or otherwise dispose of any of the
Intellectual Property without the prior written consent of the Secured Party.

             (j) The Company shall, within ten (10) days of obtaining knowledge
thereof, advise the Secured Party promptly, in sufficient detail, of any
substantial change in the Intellectual Property, and of the occurrence of any
event which would have a material adverse effect on the value of the
Intellectual Property or on the Secured Party's security interest therein.

             (k) The Company shall permit the Secured Party and its
representatives and agents to inspect the Intellectual Property at any time, and
to make copies of records pertaining to the Intellectual Property as may be
requested by the Secured Party from time to time.

             (l) The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to
diligently pursue and seek to preserve, enforce and collect any rights, claims,
causes of action and accounts receivable in respect of the Intellectual
Property.

             (m) The Company shall promptly notify the Secured Party in
sufficient detail upon becoming aware of any attachment, garnishment, execution
or other legal process levied against any Intellectual Property and of any other
information received by the Company that may materially affect the value of the
Intellectual Property, the Security Interest or the rights and remedies of the
Secured Party hereunder.

                                       4
<PAGE>
             (n) All information heretofore, herein or hereafter supplied to the
Secured Party by or on behalf of the Company with respect to the Intellectual
Property is accurate and complete in all material respects as of the date
furnished.

             (o) Schedule A attached hereto contains a list of all of the
subsidiaries of Company.

             (p) Schedule B attached hereto includes all Licenses, and all
Patents and Patent Licenses, if any, owned by the Company in its own name as of
the date hereof. Schedule B hereto includes all Trademarks and Trademark
Licenses, if any, owned by the Company in its own name as of the date hereof.
Schedule B hereto includes all Copyrights and Copyright Licenses, if any, owned
by the Company in its own name as of the date hereof. Schedule B hereto includes
all Trade Secrets and Trade Secret Licenses, if any, owned by the Company as of
the date hereof. To the best of the Company's knowledge, each License, Patent,
Trademark, Copyright and Trade Secret is valid, subsisting, unexpired,
enforceable and has not been abandoned. Except as set forth in Schedule B, none
of such Licenses, Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Trade Secrets is the
subject of any licensing or franchise agreement. To the best of the Company's
knowledge, no holding, decision or judgment has been rendered by any
Governmental Body which would limit, cancel or question the validity of any
License, Patent, Trademark, Copyright and Trade Secrets. No action or proceeding
is pending (i) seeking to limit, cancel or question the validity of any License,
Patent, Trademark, Copyright or Trade Secret, or (ii) which, if adversely
determined, would have a material adverse effect on the value of any License,
Patent, Trademark, Copyright or Trade Secret. The Company has used and will
continue to use for the duration of this Agreement, proper statutory notice in
connection with its use of the Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights and consistent
standards of quality in products leased or sold under the Patents, Trademarks
and Copyrights.

             (q) With respect to any Intellectual Property:

                 (i) such Intellectual Property is subsisting and has not been
adjudged invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part;

                 (ii) such Intellectual Property is valid and enforceable;

                 (iii) the Company has made all necessary filings and
recordations to protect its interest in such Intellectual Property, including,
without limitation, recordations of all of its interests in the Patents, Patent
Licenses, Trademarks and Trademark Licenses in the United States Patent and
Trademark Office and in corresponding offices throughout the world and its
claims to the Copyrights and Copyright Licenses in the United States Copyright
Office and in corresponding offices throughout the world;

                 (iv) other than as set forth in Schedule B, the Company is the
exclusive owner of the entire and unencumbered right, title and interest in and
to such Intellectual Property and no claim has been made that the use of such
Intellectual Property infringes on the asserted rights of any third party; and

                 (v) the Company has performed and will continue to perform all
acts and has paid all required fees and taxes to maintain each and every item of
Intellectual Property in full force and effect throughout the world, as
applicable.

             (r) Except with respect to any Trademark or Copyright that the
Company shall reasonably determine is of negligible economic value to the
Company, the Company shall:

                                       5
<PAGE>
                 (i) maintain each Trademark and Copyright in full force free
from any claim of abandonment for non-use, maintain as in the past the quality
of products and services offered under such Trademark or Copyright; employ such
Trademark or Copyright with the appropriate notice of registration; not adopt or
use any mark which is confusingly similar or a colorable imitation of such
Trademark or Copyright unless the Secured Party shall obtain a perfected
security interest in such mark pursuant to this Agreement; and not (and not
permit any licensee or sublicensee thereof to) do any act or knowingly omit to
do any act whereby any Trademark or Copyright may become invalidated;

                 (ii) not, except with respect to any Patent that it shall
reasonably determine is of negligible economic value to it, do any act, or omit
to do any act, whereby any Patent may become abandoned or dedicated; and

                 (iii) notify the Secured Party immediately if it knows, or has
reason to know, that any application or registration relating to any Patent,
Trademark or Copyright may become abandoned or dedicated, or of any adverse
determination or development (including, without limitation, the institution of,
or any such determination or development in, any proceeding in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office, United States Copyright Office or any court or
tribunal in any country) regarding its ownership of any Patent, Trademark or
Copyright or its right to register the same or to keep and maintain the same.

             (s) Whenever the Company, either by itself or through any agent,
employee, licensee or designee, shall file an application for the registration
of any Patent, Trademark or Copyright with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office, United States Copyright Office or any similar office or agency
in any other country or any political subdivision thereof or acquire rights to
any new Patent, Trademark or Copyright whether or not registered, report such
filing to the Secured Party within five (5) business days after the last day of
the fiscal quarter in which such filing occurs.

             (t) The Company shall take all reasonable and necessary steps,
including, without limitation, in any proceeding before the United States Patent
and Trademark Office, United States Copyright Office or any similar office or
agency in any other country or any political subdivision thereof, to maintain
and pursue each application (and to obtain the relevant registration) and to
maintain each registration of the Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights, including,
without limitation, filing of applications for renewal, affidavits of use and
affidavits of incontestability.

             (u) In the event that any Patent, Trademark or Copyright included
in the Intellectual Property is infringed, misappropriated or diluted by a third
party, promptly notify the Secured Party after it learns thereof and shall,
unless it shall reasonably determine that such Patent, Trademark or Copyright is
of negligible economic value to it, which determination it shall promptly report
to the Secured Party, promptly sue for infringement, misappropriation or
dilution, to seek injunctive relief where appropriate and to recover any and all
damages for such infringement, misappropriation or dilution, or take such other
actions as it shall reasonably deem appropriate under the circumstances to
protect such Patent, Trademark or Copyright. If the Company lacks the financial
resources to comply with this Section 3(t), the Company shall so notify the
Secured Party and shall cooperate fully with any enforcement action undertaken
by the Secured Party on behalf of the Company.

          4. Defaults. The following events shall be "Events of Default":

             (a) The occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Notes)
under the Notes;

             (b) Any representation or warranty of the Company in this Agreement
or in the Security Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material
respect when made;

                                       6
<PAGE>
             (c) The failure by the Company to observe or perform any of its
obligations hereunder or in the Security Agreement for ten (10) days after
receipt by the Company of notice of such failure from the Secured Party; and

             (d) Any breach of, or default under, the Warrants.

          5. Duty To Hold In Trust. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default
and at any time thereafter, the Company shall, upon receipt by it of any
revenue, income or other sums subject to the Security Interest, whether payable
pursuant to the Notes or otherwise, or of any check, draft, note, trade
acceptance or other instrument evidencing an obligation to pay any such sum,
hold the same in trust for the Secured Party and shall forthwith endorse and
transfer any such sums or instruments, or both, to the Secured Party for
application to the satisfaction of the Obligations.

          6. Rights and Remedies Upon Default. Upon occurrence of any Event of
Default and at any time thereafter, the Secured Party shall have the right to
exercise all of the remedies conferred hereunder and under the Notes, and the
Secured Party shall have all the rights and remedies of a secured party under
the UCC and/or any other applicable law (including the Uniform Commercial Code
of any jurisdiction in which any Intellectual Property is then located). Without
limitation, the Secured Party shall have the following rights and powers:

             (a) The Secured Party shall have the right to take possession of
the Intellectual Property and, for that purpose, enter, with the aid and
assistance of any person, any premises where the Intellectual Property, or any
part thereof, is or may be placed and remove the same, and the Company shall
assemble the Intellectual Property and make it available to the Secured Party at
places which the Secured Party shall reasonably select, whether at the Company's
premises or elsewhere, and make available to the Secured Party, without rent,
all of the Company's respective premises and facilities for the purpose of the
Secured Party taking possession of, removing or putting the Intellectual
Property in saleable or disposable form.

             (b) The Secured Party shall have the right to operate the business
of the Company using the Intellectual Property and shall have the right to
assign, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of and deliver all or any part of the
Intellectual Property, at public or private sale or otherwise, either with or
without special conditions or stipulations, for cash or on credit or for future
delivery, in such parcel or parcels and at such time or times and at such place
or places, and upon such terms and conditions as the Secured Party may deem
commercially reasonable, all without (except as shall be required by applicable
statute and cannot be waived) advertisement or demand upon or notice to the
Company or right of redemption of the Company, which are hereby expressly
waived. Upon each such sale, lease, assignment or other transfer of Intellectual
Property, the Secured Party may, unless prohibited by applicable law which
cannot be waived, purchase all or any part of the Intellectual Property being
sold, free from and discharged of all trusts, claims, right of redemption and
equities of the Company, which are hereby waived and released.

          7. Applications of Proceeds. The proceeds of any such sale, lease or
other disposition of the Intellectual Property hereunder shall be applied first,
to the expenses of retaking, holding, storing, processing and preparing for
sale, selling, and the like (including, without limitation, any taxes, fees and
other costs incurred in connection therewith) of the Intellectual Property, to
the reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses incurred by the Secured Party in
enforcing its rights hereunder and in connection with collecting, storing and
disposing of the Intellectual Property, and then to satisfaction of the
Obligations, and to the payment of any other amounts required by applicable law,
after which the Secured Party shall pay to the Company any surplus proceeds. If,
upon the sale, license or other disposition of the Intellectual Property, the
proceeds thereof are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Secured Party


                                       7
<PAGE>
is legally entitled, the Company will be liable for the deficiency, together
with interest thereon, at the rate of 15% per annum (the "Default Rate"), and
the reasonable fees of any attorneys employed by the Secured Party to collect
such deficiency. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company waives
all claims, damages and demands against the Secured Party arising out of the
repossession, removal, retention or sale of the Intellectual Property, unless
due to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Secured Party.

          8. Costs and Expenses. The Company agrees to pay all out-of-pocket
fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with any filing required
hereunder, including without limitation, any financing statements, continuation
statements, partial releases and/or termination statements related thereto or
any expenses of any searches reasonably required by the Secured Party. The
Company shall also pay all other claims and charges which in the reasonable
opinion of the Secured Party might prejudice, imperil or otherwise affect the
Intellectual Property or the Security Interest therein. The Company will also,
upon demand, pay to the Secured Party the amount of any and all reasonable
expenses, including the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel and of any
experts and agents, which the Secured Party may incur in connection with (i) the
enforcement of this Agreement, (ii) the custody or preservation of, or the sale
of, collection from, or other realization upon, any of the Intellectual
Property, or (iii) the exercise or enforcement of any of the rights of the
Secured Party under the Notes. Until so paid, any fees payable hereunder shall
be added to the principal amount of the Notes and shall bear interest at the
Default Rate.

          9. Responsibility for Intellectual Property. The Company assumes all
liabilities and responsibility in connection with all Intellectual Property, and
the obligations of the Company hereunder or under the Notes and the Warrants
shall in no way be affected or diminished by reason of the loss, destruction,
damage or theft of any of the Intellectual Property or its unavailability for
any reason.

          10. Security Interest Absolute. All rights of the Secured Party and
all Obligations of the Company hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional,
irrespective of: (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement,
the Notes, the Warrants or any agreement entered into in connection with the
foregoing, or any portion hereof or thereof; (b) any change in the time, manner
or place of payment or performance of, or in any other term of, all or any of
the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any
departure from the Notes, the Warrants or any other agreement entered into in
connection with the foregoing; (c) any exchange, release or nonperfection of any
of the Intellectual Property, or any release or amendment or waiver of or
consent to departure from any other Intellectual Property for, or any guaranty,
or any other security, for all or any of the Obligations; (d) any action by the
Secured Party to obtain, adjust, settle and cancel in its sole discretion any
insurance claims or matters made or arising in connection with the Intellectual
Property; or (e) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute any
legal or equitable defense available to the Company, or a discharge of all or
any part of the Security Interest granted hereby. Until the Obligations shall
have been paid and performed in full, the rights of the Secured Party shall
continue even if the Obligations are barred for any reason, including, without
limitation, the running of the statute of limitations or bankruptcy. The Company
expressly waives presentment, protest, notice of protest, demand, notice of
nonpayment and demand for performance. In the event that at any time any
transfer of any Intellectual Property or any payment received by the Secured
Party hereunder shall be deemed by final order of a court of competent
jurisdiction to have been a voidable preference or fraudulent conveyance under
the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of the United States, or shall be deemed to be
otherwise due to any party other than the Secured Party, then, in any such
event, the Company's obligations hereunder shall survive cancellation of this
Agreement, and shall not be discharged or satisfied by any prior payment thereof


                                       8
<PAGE>
and/or cancellation of this Agreement, but shall remain a valid and binding
obligation enforceable in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. The
Company waives all right to require the Secured Party to proceed against any
other person or to apply any Intellectual Property which the Secured Party may
hold at any time, or to marshal assets, or to pursue any other remedy. The
Company waives any defense arising by reason of the application of the statute
of limitations to any obligation secured hereby.

          11. Term of Agreement. This Agreement and the Security Interest shall
terminate on the date on which all payments under the Notes have been made in
full and all other Obligations have been paid or discharged. Upon such
termination, the Secured Party, at the request and at the expense of the
Company, will join in executing any termination statement with respect to any
financing statement executed and filed pursuant to this Agreement.

          12. Power of Attorney; Further Assurances.

             (a) The Company authorizes the Secured Party, and does hereby make,
constitute and appoint it, and its respective officers, agents, successors or
assigns with full power of substitution, as the Company's true and lawful
attorney-in-fact, with power, in its own name or in the name of the Company, to,
after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, (i)
endorse any notes, checks, drafts, money orders, or other instruments of payment
(including payments payable under or in respect of any policy of insurance) in
respect of the Intellectual Property that may come into possession of the
Secured Party; (ii) to sign and endorse any UCC financing statement or any
invoice, freight or express bill, bill of lading, storage or warehouse receipts,
drafts against debtors, assignments, verifications and notices in connection
with accounts, and other documents relating to the Intellectual Property; (iii)
to pay or discharge taxes, liens, security interests or other encumbrances at
any time levied or placed on or threatened against the Intellectual Property;
(iv) to demand, collect, receipt for, compromise, settle and sue for monies due
in respect of the Intellectual Property; and (v) generally, to do, at the option
of the Secured Party, and at the Company's expense, at any time, or from time to
time, all acts and things which the Secured Party deems necessary to protect,
preserve and realize upon the Intellectual Property and the Security Interest
granted therein in order to effect the intent of this Agreement, the Notes and
the Warrants, all as fully and effectually as the Company might or could do; and
the Company hereby ratifies all that said attorney shall lawfully do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and
shall be irrevocable for the term of this Agreement and thereafter as long as
any of the Obligations shall be outstanding.

             (b) On a continuing basis, the Company will make, execute,
acknowledge, deliver, file and record, as the case may be, in the proper filing
and recording places in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the
jurisdictions indicated on Schedule C, attached hereto, all such instruments,
and take all such action as may reasonably be deemed necessary or advisable, or
as reasonably requested by the Secured Party, to perfect the Security Interest
granted hereunder and otherwise to carry out the intent and purposes of this
Agreement, or for assuring and confirming to the Secured Party the grant or
perfection of a security interest in all the Intellectual Property.

             (c) The Company hereby irrevocably appoints the Secured Party as
the Company's attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of
the Company and in the name of the Company, from time to time in the Secured
Party's discretion, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the
Secured Party may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this
Agreement, including the filing, in its sole discretion, of one or more
financing or continuation statements and amendments thereto, relative to any of
the Intellectual Property without the signature of the Company where permitted
by law.

                                       9
<PAGE>
          13. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing, with copies to all the other parties hereto, and
shall be deemed to have been duly given when (i) if delivered by hand, upon
receipt, (ii) if sent by facsimile, upon receipt of proof of sending thereof,
(iii) if sent by nationally recognized overnight delivery service (receipt
requested), the next business day or (iv) if mailed by first-class registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, four days after
posting in the U.S. mails, in each case if delivered to the following addresses:

         If to the Company:         Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc.
                                    12268 Via Latina
                                    Del Mar, California  92914
                                    Attention: President
                                    Telephone:  858-481-2207
                                    Facsimile:   858-481-2207

         With copies to:            Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP
                                    1065 Avenue of the Americas
                                    New York, New York  10018
                                    Attention:  Gregory Sichenzia, Esq.
                                    Telephone:  212-930-9700
                                    Facsimile:   212-930-9725

         If to the Secured Party:   AJW Partners, LLC
                                    AJW Offshore, Ltd.
                                    AJW Qualified Partners, LLC
                                    New Millennium Capital Partners II, LLC
                                    1044 Northern Boulevard
                                    Suite 302
                                    Roslyn, New York  11576
                                    Attention:  Corey Ribotsky
                                    Telephone:  516-739-7110
                                    Facsimile:  516-739-7115

         With copies to:            Ballard Spahr Andrews & Ingersoll, LLP
                                    1735 Market Street, 51st Floor
                                    Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  19103
                                    Attention:  Gerald J. Guarcini, Esquire
                                    Telephone:  215-864-8625
                                    Facsimile:  215-864-8999

          14. Other Security. To the extent that the Obligations are now or
hereafter secured by property other than the Intellectual Property or by the
guarantee, endorsement or property of any other person, firm, corporation or
other entity, then the Secured Party shall have the right, in its sole
discretion, to pursue, relinquish, subordinate, modify or take any other action
with respect thereto, without in any way modifying or affecting any of the
Secured Party's rights and remedies hereunder.

          15. Miscellaneous.

             (a) No course of dealing between the Company and the Secured Party,
nor any failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the part of the
Secured Party, any right, power or privilege hereunder or under the Notes shall
operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
right, power or privilege hereunder or thereunder preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

             (b) All of the rights and remedies of the Secured Party with
respect to the Intellectual Property, whether established hereby or by the Notes
or by any other agreements, instruments or documents or by law shall be
cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently.

                                       10
<PAGE>
             (c) This Agreement and the Security Agreement constitute the entire
agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and is
intended to supersede all prior negotiations, understandings and agreements with
respect thereto. Except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, no
provision of this Agreement may be modified or amended except by a written
agreement specifically referring to this Agreement and signed by the parties
hereto.

             (d) In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held to be
invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction for any reason, unless
such provision is narrowed by judicial construction, this Agreement shall, as to
such jurisdiction, be construed as if such invalid, prohibited or unenforceable
provision had been more narrowly drawn so as not to be invalid, prohibited or
unenforceable. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any provision of this
Agreement is held to be invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in any
jurisdiction, such provision, as to such jurisdiction, shall be ineffective to
the extent of such invalidity, prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining portion of such provision or the other provisions of
this Agreement and without affecting the validity or enforceability of such
provision or the other provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

             (e) No waiver of any breach or default or any right under this
Agreement shall be considered valid unless in writing and signed by the party
giving such waiver, and no such waiver shall be deemed a waiver of any
subsequent breach or default or right, whether of the same or similar nature or
otherwise.

             (f) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of each party hereto and its successors and assigns.

             (g) Each party shall take such further action and execute and
deliver such further documents as may be necessary or appropriate in order to
carry out the provisions and purposes of this Agreement.

             (h) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of New York, except to the extent the validity, perfection or
enforcement of a security interest hereunder in respect of any particular
Intellectual Property which are governed by a jurisdiction other than the State
of New York in which case such law shall govern. Each of the parties hereto
irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or United
States Federal court sitting in Manhattan county over any action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and the parties hereto hereby
irrevocably agree that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be
heard and determined in such New York State or Federal court. The parties hereto
agree that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive
and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any
other manner provided by law. The parties hereto further waive any objection to
venue in the State of New York and any objection to an action or proceeding in
the State of New York on the basis of forum non conveniens.

             (i) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY AGREES TO WAIVE ITS RESPECTIVE RIGHTS
TO A JURY TRAIL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF
THIS AGREEMENT. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL ENCOMPASSING OF
ANY DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATER
OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS,
BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. EACH PARTY
HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR EACH PARTY TO
ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP, THAT EACH PARTY HAS ALREADY RELIED ON THIS
WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT EACH PARTY WILL CONTINUE TO RELY
ON THIS WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. EACH PARTY FURTHER WARRANTS AND
REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT
SUCH PARTY HAS KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL


                                       11
<PAGE>
FOLLOWING SUCH CONSULTATION. THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT,
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY, IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER
ORALLY OR IN WRITING, AND THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS,
RENEWALS AND SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT. IN THE EVENT OF A
LITIGATION, THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE
COURT.

             (j) This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts,
each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of
which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. In the event
that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall
create a valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf
such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as if such
facsimile signature were the original thereof.







                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]



                                       12
<PAGE>
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed on the day and year first above written.

                                      PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.


                                      By:  /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                               -------------
                                               Edward Litwak
                                               President


                                      AJW PARTNERS, LLC
                                      By:  SMS Group, LLC


                                      By: /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                              -----------------
                                              Corey S. Ribotsky
                                              Manager

                                      AJW OFFSHORE, LTD.
                                      By:  First Street Manager II, LLC


                                      By: /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                              -----------------
                                              Corey S. Ribotsky
                                              Manager

                                      AJW QUALIFIED PARTNERS, LLC
                                      By:  AJW Manager, LLC


                                      By: /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                              -----------------
                                              Corey S. Ribotsky
                                              Manager

                                      NEW MILLENNIUM CAPITAL PARTNERS II, LLC
                                      By:  First Street Manager II, LLC


                                      By: /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                              -----------------
                                              Corey S. Ribotsky
                                              Manager


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>dec232004form8kex413.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.13




                          GUARANTY AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT


     GUARANTY AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of December 17,
2004, among Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the
"Company"), Edward Litwak (the "Pledgor"), and the pledgees signatory hereto and
their respective endorsees, transferees and assigns (collectively, the
"Pledgees").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:
                              - - - - - - - - - -

     WHEREAS, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated the date
hereof, between Company and the Pledgees (the "Purchase Agreement"), Company has
agreed to issue to the Pledgees and the Pledgees have agreed to purchase from
Company certain of Company's 10% Callable Secured Convertible Notes, due three
years from the date of issue (the "Notes"), which are convertible into shares of
Company's Common Stock, par value $.001 per share (the "Common Stock"). In
connection therewith, Company shall issue the Pledgees certain Common Stock
purchase warrants (the "Warrants"); and

     WHEREAS, as a material inducement to the Pledgees to enter into the
Purchase Agreement, the Pledgees have required and the Pledgor has agreed (i) to
unconditionally guarantee the timely and full satisfaction of all obligations of
the Company, whether matured or unmatured, now or hereafter existing or created
and becoming due and payable (the "Obligations") to the Pledgees, their
successors, endorsees, transferees or assigns under the Transaction Documents
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) to the extent of the Collateral (as
defined in Section 5 hereof), and (ii) to grant to the Pledgees, their
successors, endorsees, transferees or assigns a security interest in all of the
shares of Common Stock currently owned by the Pledgor (collectively, the
"Shares"), as collateral security for Obligations. Terms used and not defined
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Purchase Agreement.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, and the mutual
covenants contained herein, the parties hereby agree as follows:

     1. Guaranty. To the extent of the Collateral, the Pledgor hereby
absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Pledgees, their
successors, endorsees, transferees and assigns the due and punctual performance
and payment of the Obligations owing to the Pledgees, their successors,
endorsees, transferees or assigns when due, all at the time and place and in the
amount and manner prescribed in, and otherwise in accordance with, the
Transaction Documents, regardless of any defense or set-off counterclaim which
the Company or any other person may have or assert, and regardless of whether or
not the Pledgees or anyone on behalf of the Pledgees shall have instituted any
suit, action or proceeding or exhausted its remedies or taken any steps to
enforce any rights against the Company or any other person to compel any such
performance or observance or to collect all or part of any such amount, either
pursuant to the provisions of the Transaction Documents or at law or in equity,
and regardless of any other condition or contingency. The Pledgor shall have no
obligation whatsoever to the Pledgees beyond the Collateral pledged for the
Obligations set forth herein.

     2. Waiver of Demand. The Pledgor hereby unconditionally: (i) waives any
requirement that the Pledgees, in the event of a breach in any material respect
by the Company of any of its representations or warranties in the Transaction
Documents, first make demand upon, or seek to enforce remedies against, the
Company or any other person before demanding payment of enforcement hereunder;
(ii) covenants that this Agreement will not be discharged except by complete
performance of all the Obligations to the extent of the Collateral; (iii) agrees
that this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect without regard to, and
shall not be affected or impaired, without limitation, by, any invalidity,
irregularity or unenforceability in whole or in part of the Transaction
Documents or any limitation on the liability of the Company thereunder, or any
limitation on the method or terms of payment thereunder which may now or
hereafter be caused or imposed in any manner whatsoever; and (iv) waives
diligence, presentment and protest with respect to, and notice of default in the
performance or payment of any Obligation by the Company under or in connection
with the Transaction Documents.

<PAGE>

     3. Release. The obligations, covenants, agreements and duties of the
Pledgor hereunder shall not be released, affected or impaired by any assignment
or transfer, in whole or in part, of the Transaction Documents or any
Obligation, although made without notice to or the consent of the Pledgor, or
any waiver by the Pledgees, or by any other person, of the performance or
observance by the Company or the Pledgor of any of the agreements, covenants,
terms or conditions contained in the Transaction Documents, or any indulgence in
or the extension of the time or renewal thereof, or the modification or
amendment (whether material or otherwise), or the voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the stock or
assets of the Company or the Pledgor, or any receivership, insolvency,
bankruptcy, reorganization, or other similar proceedings, affecting the Company
or the Pledgor or any assets of the Company or the Pledgor, or the release of
any proper from any security for any Obligation, or the impairment of any such
property or security, or the release or discharge of the Company or the Pledgor
from the performance or observance of any agreement, covenant, term or condition
contained in or arising out of the Transaction Documents by operation of law, or
the merger or consolidation of the Company, or any other cause, whether similar
or dissimilar to the foregoing.

     4. Subrogation.

        (a) Unless and until complete performance of all the Obligations to the
extent of the Collateral, the Pledgor shall not be entitled to exercise any
right of subrogation to any of the rights of the Pledgees against the Company or
any collateral security or guaranty held by the Pledgees for the payment or
performance of the Obligations, nor shall the Pledgor seek any reimbursement
from the Company in respect of payments made by the Pledgor hereunder.

        (b) In the extent that the Pledgor shall become obligated to perform or
pay any sums hereunder, or in the event that for any reason the Company is now
or shall hereafter become indebted to the Pledgor, the amount of such sum shall
at all times be subordinate as to lien, time of payment and in all other
respects, to the amounts owing to the Pledgees under the Transaction Documents
and the Pledgor shall not enforce or receive payment thereof until all
Obligations due to the Pledgees under the Transaction have been performed or
paid. Nothing herein contained is intended or shall be construed to give to the
Pledgor any right of subrogation in or under the Transaction Documents, or any
right to participate in any way therein, or in any right, title or interest in
the assets of the Pledgees.

     5. Security. As collateral security for the punctual payment and
performance, when due, by the Company of all the Obligations, the Pledgor hereby
pledges with, hypothecates, transfers and assigns to the Pledgees all of the
Shares and all proceeds, shares and other securities received, receivable or
otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for the Shares, including,
without limitation, any shares and other securities into which such Shares may
be convertible or exchangeable (collectively, the "Additional Collateral" and
together with the Shares, the "Collateral"). Simultaneously herewith, the
Pledgor shall deliver to the Pledgees the certificate(s) representing the
Shares, stamped with a bank medallion guarantee, along with a stock transfer
power duly executed in blank by the Pledgor, to be held by the Pledgees as
security. Any Collateral received by the Pledgor on or after the date hereof
shall be immediately delivered to the Pledgees together with any executed stock
powers or other transfer documents requested by the Pledgees, which request may
be made at any time prior to the date when the Obligations shall have been paid
and otherwise satisfied in full.

     6. Voting Power, Dividends, Etc. and other Agreements.

                                       2
<PAGE>
        (a) Unless and until an Event of Default (as set forth in Section 7
hereof) has occurred, the Pledgor shall be entitled to:

            (i) Exercise all voting and/or consensual powers pertaining to the
      Collateral, or any part thereof, for all purposes;

            (ii) Receive and retain dividends paid with respect to the
      Collateral; and

            (iii) Receive the benefits of any income tax deductions available to
      the Pledgor as a shareholder of the Company.

        (b) The Pledgor agrees that it will not sell, assign, transfer, pledge,
hypothecate, encumber or otherwise dispose of the Collateral.

        (c) The Pledgor and the Company jointly and severally agree to pay all
costs including all reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements incurred by the
Pledgees in enforcing this Agreement in accordance with its terms.

     7. Default and Remedies.

        (a) For the purposes of this Agreement, "Event of Default" shall mean:

            (i) default in or under any of the Obligations after the expiration,
      without cure, of any applicable cure period;

            (ii) a breach in any material respect by the Company of any of its
      representations or warranties in the Transaction Documents; or

            (iii) a breach in any material respect by the Pledgor of any of its
      representations or warranties in this Agreement.

        (b) the Pledgees shall have the following rights upon any Event of
Default:

            (i) the rights and remedies provided by the Uniform Commercial Code
      as adopted by the State of New York (the "UCC") (as said law may at any
      time be amended);

            (ii) the right to receive and retain all dividends, payments and
      other distributions of any kind upon any or all of the Collateral;

            (iii) the right to cause any or all of the Collateral to be
      transferred to its own name or to the name of its designee and have such
      transfer recorded in any place or places deemed appropriate by the
      Pledgees; and

            (iv) the right to sell, at a public or private sale, the Collateral
      or any part thereof for cash, upon credit or for future delivery, and at
      such price or prices in accordance with the UCC (as such law may be
      amended from time to time). Upon any such sale the Pledgees shall have the
      right to deliver, assign and transfer to the purchaser thereof the
      Collateral so sold. The Pledgees shall give the Pledgor not less than ten
      (10) days' written notice of its intention to make any such sale. Any such
      sale, shall be held at such time or times during ordinary business hours
      and at such place or places as the Pledgees may fix in the notice of such
      sale. The Pledgees may adjourn or cancel any sale or cause the same to be
      adjourned from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed
      for the sale, and such sale may be made at any time or place to which the
      same may be so adjourned. In case of any sale of all or any part of the
      Collateral upon terms calling for payments in the future, any Collateral
      so sold may be retained by the Pledgees until the selling price is paid by


                                       3
<PAGE>
      the purchaser thereof, but the Pledgees shall incur no liability in the
      case of the failure of such purchaser to take up and pay for the
      Collateral so sold and, in the case of such failure, such Collateral may
      again be sold upon like notice. The Pledgees, however, instead of
      exercising the power of sale herein conferred upon them, may proceed by a
      suit or suits at law or in equity to foreclose the security interest and
      sell the Collateral, or any portion thereof, under a judgment or decree of
      a court or courts of competent jurisdiction, the Pledgor having been given
      due notice of all such action. The Pledgees shall incur no liability as a
      result of a sale of the Collateral or any part thereof. All proceeds of
      any such sale, after deducting the reasonable expenses and reasonable
      attorneys' fees incurred in connection with such sale, shall be applied in
      reduction of the Obligations, and the remainder, if any, shall be paid to
      the Pledgor.

     8. Application of Proceeds; Release. The proceeds of any sale or
enforcement of or against all or any part of the Collateral, and any other cash
or collateral at the time held by the Pledgees hereunder, shall be applied by
the Pledgees first to the payment of the reasonable costs of any such sale or
enforcement, then to reimburse the Pledgees for any damages, costs or expenses
incurred by the Pledgees as a result of an Event of Default, then to the payment
of the principal amount or stated valued (as applicable) of, and interest or
dividends (as applicable) and any other payments due in respect of, the
Obligations. The remainder, if any, shall be paid to the Pledgor. As used in
this Agreement, "proceeds" shall mean cash, securities and other property
realized in respect of, and distributions in kind of, the Collateral, including
any thereof received under any reorganization, liquidation or adjustment of debt
of any issuer of securities included in the Collateral.

     9. Representations and Warranties.

        (a) The Pledgor hereby represents and warrants to the Pledgees that:

            (i) the Pledgor has full power and authority and legal right to
      pledge the Collateral to the Pledgees pursuant to this Agreement and this
      Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the
      Pledgor, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

            (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and
      other instruments contemplated herein will not violate any provision of
      any order or decree of any court or governmental instrumentality or of any
      mortgage, indenture, contract or other agreement to which the Pledgor is a
      party or by which the Pledgor and the Collateral may be bound, and will
      not result in the creation or imposition of any lien, charge or
      encumbrance on, or security interest in, any of the Pledgor's properties
      pursuant to the provisions of such mortgage, indenture, contract or other
      agreement.

            (iii) the Pledgor is the sole record and beneficial owner of all of
      the Shares; and (iv) the Pledgor owns the Collateral free and clear of all
      Liens.

        (b) The Company represents and warrants to the Pledgees that:

            (i) it has no knowledge that any of the representations or
      warranties of the Pledgor herein are incorrect or false in any material
      respect;

            (ii) all of the Shares were validly issued, fully paid and
      non-assessable; and

            (iii) the Pledgor is the record holder of the Shares.

                                       4
<PAGE>
     10. No Waiver; No Election of Remedies. No failure on the part of the
Pledgees to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial
exercise by the Pledgees of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.
The remedies herein provided are cumulative and are not exclusive of any
remedies provided by law. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of
the Pledgees at law or equity or under this Agreement or any of the documents
shall not be deemed to be an election of Pledgee's rights or remedies under such
documents or at law or equity.

     11. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate on the date on which all
Obligations have been performed, satisfied, paid or discharged in full.

     12. Further Assurances. The parties hereto agree that, from time to time
upon the written request of any party hereto, they will execute and deliver such
further documents and do such other acts and things as such party may reasonably
request in order fully to effect the purposes of this Agreement. The Pledgees
acknowledge that they are aware that Pledgor shall have no obligations
whatsoever to the Pledgees beyond the Collateral pledged for the Obligations set
forth herein, and no request for further assurance may or shall increase such
Obligations.

     13. Miscellaneous.

        (a) Modification. This Agreement contains the entire understanding
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and specifically
incorporates all prior oral and written agreements relating to the subject
matter hereof. No portion or provision of this Agreement may be changed,
modified, amended, waived, supplemented, discharged, canceled or terminated
orally or by any course of dealing, or in any manner other than by an agreement
in writing, signed by the party to be charged.

        (b) Notice. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if
such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile
telephone number specified in this Section prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on a Business Day (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), (ii) the
Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile telephone number specified in this
Agreement later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date and earlier than
11:59 p.m. (New York City time) on such date, (iii) the Business Day following
the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier
services, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is
required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be
as follows:

         If to the Company:         Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc.
                                    12268 Via Latina
                                    Del Mar, California  92914
                                    Attention: President
                                    Telephone:  858-481-2207
                                    Facsimile:   858-481-2207

         With copies to:            Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP
                                    1065 Avenue of the Americas
                                    New York, New York  10018
                                    Attention:  Gregory Sichenzia, Esq.
                                    Telephone:  212-930-9700
                                    Facsimile:   212-930-9725



                                       5
<PAGE>
         If to the Pledgor:         Edward Litwak
                                    c/o Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc.
                                    12268 Via Latina
                                    Del Mar, California 92914
                                    Telephone: 858-481-2207
                                    Facsimile: 858-481-2207

         If to the Pledgees:        AJW Partners, LLC
                                    AJW Offshore, Ltd.
                                    AJW Qualified Partners, LLC
                                    New Millennium Capital Partners II, LLC
                                    1044 Northern Boulevard
                                    Suite 302
                                    Roslyn, New York  11576
                                    Facsimile No.:  (516) 739-7115
                                    Attn:  Corey S. Ribotsky

         With copies to:            Ballard Spahr Andrews & Ingersoll, LLP
                                    1735 Market Street, 51st Fl.
                                    Philadelphia, PA 19103
                                    Facsimile No.: (215) 864-8999
                                    Attn:  Gerald J. Guarcini, Esquire

        (c) Invalidity. If any part of this Agreement is contrary to, prohibited
by, or deemed invalid under applicable laws or regulations, such provision shall
be inapplicable and deemed omitted to the extent so contrary, prohibited or
invalid, but the remainder hereof shall not be invalidated thereby and shall be
given effect so far as possible.

        (d) Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

        (e) Mutual Agreement. This Agreement embodies the arm's length
negotiation and mutual agreement between the parties hereto and shall not be
construed against either party as having been drafted by it.

        (f) New York Law to Govern. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New
York without regard to the principals of conflicts of law thereof. Each party
hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and
Federal courts sitting in the city of New York, borough of Manhattan, for the
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim
that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court or that
such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the
address in effect for notices to it under this agreement and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right
to serve process in any manner permitted by law.













                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]



                                       6
<PAGE>
          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Guaranty and
Pledge Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized persons as
of the date first indicated above. PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.


                                    By:  /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                             -------------
                                             Edward Litwak
                                             President

                                    Pledgees:


                                    AJW PARTNERS, LLC
                                    By: SMS Group, LLC


                                    By: /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                            -----------------
                                            Corey S. Ribotsky
                                            Manager

                                    AJW OFFSHORE, LTD.
                                    By: First Street Manager II, LLC


                                    By:  /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                             -----------------
                                             Corey S. Ribotsky
                                             Manager

                                    AJW QUALIFIED PARTNERS, LLC
                                    By: AJW Manager, LLC


                                    By: /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                            -----------------
                                            Corey S. Ribotsky
                                            Manager

                                    NEW MILLENNIUM CAPITAL PARTNERS II, LLC
                                    By: First Street Manager II, LLC


                                    By: /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                            -----------------
                                            Corey S. Ribotsky
                                            Manager

                                    Pledgor:


                                    /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                        -------------
                                        Edward Litwak




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>dec2320048kex414.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.14



                          GUARANTY AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT


     GUARANTY AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of December 17,
2004, among Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the
"Company"), Michael Riley (the "Pledgor"), and the pledgees signatory hereto and
their respective endorsees, transferees and assigns (collectively, the
"Pledgees").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated the date
hereof, between Company and the Pledgees (the "Purchase Agreement"), Company has
agreed to issue to the Pledgees and the Pledgees have agreed to purchase from
Company certain of Company's 10% Callable Secured Convertible Notes, due three
years from the date of issue (the "Notes"), which are convertible into shares of
Company's Common Stock, par value $.001 per share (the "Common Stock"). In
connection therewith, Company shall issue the Pledgees certain Common Stock
purchase warrants (the "Warrants"); and

     WHEREAS, as a material inducement to the Pledgees to enter into the
Purchase Agreement, the Pledgees have required and the Pledgor has agreed (i) to
unconditionally guarantee the timely and full satisfaction of all obligations of
the Company, whether matured or unmatured, now or hereafter existing or created
and becoming due and payable (the "Obligations") to the Pledgees, their
successors, endorsees, transferees or assigns under the Transaction Documents
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) to the extent of the Collateral (as
defined in Section 5 hereof), and (ii) to grant to the Pledgees, their
successors, endorsees, transferees or assigns a security interest in all of the
shares of Common Stock currently owned by the Pledgor (collectively, the
"Shares"), as collateral security for Obligations. Terms used and not defined
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Purchase Agreement.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, and the mutual
covenants contained herein, the parties hereby agree as follows:

  1.    Guaranty. To the extent of the Collateral, the Pledgor hereby
absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Pledgees, their
successors, endorsees, transferees and assigns the due and punctual performance
and payment of the Obligations owing to the Pledgees, their successors,
endorsees, transferees or assigns when due, all at the time and place and in the
amount and manner prescribed in, and otherwise in accordance with, the
Transaction Documents, regardless of any defense or set-off counterclaim which
the Company or any other person may have or assert, and regardless of whether or
not the Pledgees or anyone on behalf of the Pledgees shall have instituted any
suit, action or proceeding or exhausted its remedies or taken any steps to
enforce any rights against the Company or any other person to compel any such
performance or observance or to collect all or part of any such amount, either
pursuant to the provisions of the Transaction Documents or at law or in equity,
and regardless of any other condition or contingency. The Pledgor shall have no
obligation whatsoever to the Pledgees beyond the Collateral pledged for the
Obligations set forth herein.


<PAGE>

  2.    Waiver of Demand. The Pledgor hereby unconditionally: (i) waives any
requirement that the Pledgees, in the event of a breach in any material respect
by the Company of any of its representations or warranties in the Transaction
Documents, first make demand upon, or seek to enforce remedies against, the
Company or any other person before demanding payment of enforcement hereunder;
(ii) covenants that this Agreement will not be discharged except by complete
performance of all the Obligations to the extent of the Collateral; (iii) agrees
that this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect without regard to, and
shall not be affected or impaired, without limitation, by, any invalidity,
irregularity or unenforceability in whole or in part of the Transaction
Documents or any limitation on the liability of the Company thereunder, or any
limitation on the method or terms of payment thereunder which may now or
hereafter be caused or imposed in any manner whatsoever; and (iv) waives
diligence, presentment and protest with respect to, and notice of default in the
performance or payment of any Obligation by the Company under or in connection
with the Transaction Documents.

  3.    Release. The obligations, covenants, agreements and duties of the
Pledgor hereunder shall not be released, affected or impaired by any assignment
or transfer, in whole or in part, of the Transaction Documents or any
Obligation, although made without notice to or the consent of the Pledgor, or
any waiver by the Pledgees, or by any other person, of the performance or
observance by the Company or the Pledgor of any of the agreements, covenants,
terms or conditions contained in the Transaction Documents, or any indulgence in
or the extension of the time or renewal thereof, or the modification or
amendment (whether material or otherwise), or the voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the stock or
assets of the Company or the Pledgor, or any receivership, insolvency,
bankruptcy, reorganization, or other similar proceedings, affecting the Company
or the Pledgor or any assets of the Company or the Pledgor, or the release of
any proper from any security for any Obligation, or the impairment of any such
property or security, or the release or discharge of the Company or the Pledgor
from the performance or observance of any agreement, covenant, term or condition
contained in or arising out of the Transaction Documents by operation of law, or
the merger or consolidation of the Company, or any other cause, whether similar
or dissimilar to the foregoing.

  4.   Subrogation.

          (a) Unless and until complete performance of all the Obligations to
the extent of the Collateral, the Pledgor shall not be entitled to exercise any
right of subrogation to any of the rights of the Pledgees against the Company or
any collateral security or guaranty held by the Pledgees for the payment or
performance of the Obligations, nor shall the Pledgor seek any reimbursement
from the Company in respect of payments made by the Pledgor hereunder.

          (b) In the extent that the Pledgor shall become obligated to perform
or pay any sums hereunder, or in the event that for any reason the Company is
now or shall hereafter become indebted to the Pledgor, the amount of such sum
shall at all times be subordinate as to lien, time of payment and in all other
respects, to the amounts owing to the Pledgees under the Transaction Documents
and the Pledgor shall not enforce or receive payment thereof until all
Obligations due to the Pledgees under the Transaction have been performed or
paid. Nothing herein contained is intended or shall be construed to give to the
Pledgor any right of subrogation in or under the Transaction Documents, or any
right to participate in any way therein, or in any right, title or interest in
the assets of the Pledgees.

                                       2
<PAGE>
  5.    Security. As collateral security for the punctual payment and
performance, when due, by the Company of all the Obligations, the Pledgor hereby
pledges with, hypothecates, transfers and assigns to the Pledgees all of the
Shares and all proceeds, shares and other securities received, receivable or
otherwise distributed in respect of or in exchange for the Shares, including,
without limitation, any shares and other securities into which such Shares may
be convertible or exchangeable (collectively, the "Additional Collateral" and
together with the Shares, the "Collateral"). Simultaneously herewith, the
Pledgor shall deliver to the Pledgees the certificate(s) representing the
Shares, stamped with a bank medallion guarantee, along with a stock transfer
power duly executed in blank by the Pledgor, to be held by the Pledgees as
security. Any Collateral received by the Pledgor on or after the date hereof
shall be immediately delivered to the Pledgees together with any executed stock
powers or other transfer documents requested by the Pledgees, which request may
be made at any time prior to the date when the Obligations shall have been paid
and otherwise satisfied in full.

  6.    Voting Power, Dividends, Etc. and other Agreements.

          (a) Unless and until an Event of Default (as set forth in Section 7
hereof) has occurred, the Pledgor shall be entitled to:

               (i) Exercise all voting and/or consensual powers pertaining to
          the Collateral, or any part thereof, for all purposes;

               (ii) Receive and retain dividends paid with respect to the
          Collateral; and

               (iii) Receive the benefits of any income tax deductions available
          to the Pledgor as a shareholder of the Company.

          (b) The Pledgor agrees that it will not sell, assign, transfer,
pledge, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise dispose of the Collateral.

          (c) The Pledgor and the Company jointly and severally agree to pay all
costs including all reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements incurred by the
Pledgees in enforcing this Agreement in accordance with its terms.

  7.    Default and Remedies.

          (a) For the purposes of this Agreement, "Event of Default" shall mean:

               (i) default in or under any of the Obligations after the
          expiration, without cure, of any applicable cure period;

                                       3
<PAGE>
               (ii) a breach in any material respect by the Company of any of
          its representations or warranties in the Transaction Documents; or

               (iii) a breach in any material respect by the Pledgor of any of
          its representations or warranties in this Agreement.

          (b) the Pledgees shall have the following rights upon any Event of
Default:

               (i) the rights and remedies provided by the Uniform Commercial
          Code as adopted by the State of New York (the "UCC") (as said law may
          at any time be amended);

               (ii) the right to receive and retain all dividends, payments and
          other distributions of any kind upon any or all of the Collateral;

               (iii) the right to cause any or all of the Collateral to be
          transferred to its own name or to the name of its designee and have
          such transfer recorded in any place or places deemed appropriate by
          the Pledgees; and

               (iv) the right to sell, at a public or private sale, the
          Collateral or any part thereof for cash, upon credit or for future
          delivery, and at such price or prices in accordance with the UCC (as
          such law may be amended from time to time). Upon any such sale the
          Pledgees shall have the right to deliver, assign and transfer to the
          purchaser thereof the Collateral so sold. The Pledgees shall give the
          Pledgor not less than ten (10) days' written notice of its intention
          to make any such sale. Any such sale, shall be held at such time or
          times during ordinary business hours and at such place or places as
          the Pledgees may fix in the notice of such sale. The Pledgees may
          adjourn or cancel any sale or cause the same to be adjourned from time
          to time by announcement at the time and place fixed for the sale, and
          such sale may be made at any time or place to which the same may be so
          adjourned. In case of any sale of all or any part of the Collateral
          upon terms calling for payments in the future, any Collateral so sold
          may be retained by the Pledgees until the selling price is paid by the
          purchaser thereof, but the Pledgees shall incur no liability in the
          case of the failure of such purchaser to take up and pay for the
          Collateral so sold and, in the case of such failure, such Collateral
          may again be sold upon like notice. The Pledgees, however, instead of
          exercising the power of sale herein conferred upon them, may proceed
          by a suit or suits at law or in equity to foreclose the security
          interest and sell the Collateral, or any portion thereof, under a
          judgment or decree of a court or courts of competent jurisdiction, the
          Pledgor having been given due notice of all such action. The Pledgees
          shall incur no liability as a result of a sale of the Collateral or
          any part thereof. All proceeds of any such sale, after deducting the
          reasonable expenses and reasonable attorneys' fees incurred in
          connection with such sale, shall be applied in reduction of the
          Obligations, and the remainder, if any, shall be paid to the Pledgor.

                                       4
<PAGE>
  8.    Application of Proceeds; Release. The proceeds of any sale or
enforcement of or against all or any part of the Collateral, and any other cash
or collateral at the time held by the Pledgees hereunder, shall be applied by
the Pledgees first to the payment of the reasonable costs of any such sale or
enforcement, then to reimburse the Pledgees for any damages, costs or expenses
incurred by the Pledgees as a result of an Event of Default, then to the payment
of the principal amount or stated valued (as applicable) of, and interest or
dividends (as applicable) and any other payments due in respect of, the
Obligations. The remainder, if any, shall be paid to the Pledgor. As used in
this Agreement, "proceeds" shall mean cash, securities and other property
realized in respect of, and distributions in kind of, the Collateral, including
any thereof received under any reorganization, liquidation or adjustment of debt
of any issuer of securities included in the Collateral.

  9.    Representations and Warranties.

          (a) The Pledgor hereby represents and warrants to the Pledgees that:

               (i) the Pledgor has full power and authority and legal right to
          pledge the Collateral to the Pledgees pursuant to this Agreement and
          this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of
          the Pledgor, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

               (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
          and other instruments contemplated herein will not violate any
          provision of any order or decree of any court or governmental
          instrumentality or of any mortgage, indenture, contract or other
          agreement to which the Pledgor is a party or by which the Pledgor and
          the Collateral may be bound, and will not result in the creation or
          imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance on, or security interest
          in, any of the Pledgor's properties pursuant to the provisions of such
          mortgage, indenture, contract or other agreement.

               (iii) the Pledgor is the sole record and beneficial owner of all
          of the Shares; and

               (iv) the Pledgor owns the Collateral free and clear of all Liens.

          (b) The Company represents and warrants to the Pledgees that:

               (i) it has no knowledge that any of the representations or
          warranties of the Pledgor herein are incorrect or false in any
          material respect;

               (ii) all of the Shares were validly issued, fully paid and
          non-assessable; and

               (iii) the Pledgor is the record holder of the Shares.

  10.    No Waiver; No Election of Remedies. No failure on the part of the
Pledgees to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial
exercise by the Pledgees of any right, power or remedy preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy.
The remedies herein provided are cumulative and are not exclusive of any
remedies provided by law. In addition, the exercise of any right or remedy of
the Pledgees at law or equity or under this Agreement or any of the documents
shall not be deemed to be an election of Pledgee's rights or remedies under such
documents or at law or equity.

                                       5
<PAGE>

  11.    Termination. This Agreement shall terminate on the date on which all
Obligations have been performed, satisfied, paid or discharged in full.

  12.    Further Assurances. The parties hereto agree that, from time to time
upon the written request of any party hereto, they will execute and deliver such
further documents and do such other acts and things as such party may reasonably
request in order fully to effect the purposes of this Agreement. The Pledgees
acknowledge that they are aware that Pledgor shall have no obligations
whatsoever to the Pledgees beyond the Collateral pledged for the Obligations set
forth herein, and no request for further assurance may or shall increase such
Obligations.

  13.    Miscellaneous.

          (a) Modification. This Agreement contains the entire understanding
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and specifically
incorporates all prior oral and written agreements relating to the subject
matter hereof. No portion or provision of this Agreement may be changed,
modified, amended, waived, supplemented, discharged, canceled or terminated
orally or by any course of dealing, or in any manner other than by an agreement
in writing, signed by the party to be charged.

          (b) Notice. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if
such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile
telephone number specified in this Section prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on a Business Day (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), (ii) the
Business Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile telephone number specified in this
Agreement later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date and earlier than
11:59 p.m. (New York City time) on such date, (iii) the Business Day following
the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight courier
services, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is
required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be
as follows:

         If to the Company:         Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc.
                                    12268 Via Latina
                                    Del Mar, California  92914
                                    Attention: President
                                    Telephone:  858-481-2207
                                    Facsimile:   858-481-2207

                                       6
<PAGE>

         With copies to:            Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP
                                    1065 Avenue of the Americas
                                    New York, New York  10018
                                    Attention:  Gregory Sichenzia, Esq.
                                    Telephone:  212-930-9700
                                    Facsimile:   212-930-9725


         If to the Pledgor:         Michael Riley
                                    c/o Pacificap Entertainment Holdings, Inc.
                                    12268 Via Latina
                                    Del Mar, California  92914
                                    Telephone:  858-481-2207
                                    Facsimile:   858-481-2207

         If to the Pledgees:        AJW Partners, LLC
                                    AJW Offshore, Ltd.
                                    AJW Qualified Partners, LLC
                                    New Millennium Capital Partners II, LLC
                                    1044 Northern Boulevard
                                    Suite 302
                                    Roslyn, New York  11576
                                    Facsimile No.:  (516) 739-7115
                                    Attn:  Corey S. Ribotsky

         With copies to:            Ballard Spahr Andrews & Ingersoll, LLP
                                    1735 Market Street, 51st Fl.
                                    Philadelphia, PA  19103
                                    Facsimile No.:  (215) 864-8999
                                    Attn:  Gerald J. Guarcini, Esquire

          (c) Invalidity. If any part of this Agreement is contrary to,
prohibited by, or deemed invalid under applicable laws or regulations, such
provision shall be inapplicable and deemed omitted to the extent so contrary,
prohibited or invalid, but the remainder hereof shall not be invalidated thereby
and shall be given effect so far as possible.

          (d) Benefit of Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

          (e) Mutual Agreement. This Agreement embodies the arm's length
negotiation and mutual agreement between the parties hereto and shall not be
construed against either party as having been drafted by it.

          (f) New York Law to Govern. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New
York without regard to the principals of conflicts of law thereof. Each party
hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and
Federal courts sitting in the city of New York, borough of Manhattan, for the
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim
that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court or that
such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the
address in effect for notices to it under this agreement and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right
to serve process in any manner permitted by law.




                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                       7
<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Guaranty and
Pledge Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized persons as
of the date first indicated above. PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS, INC.


                                   By:  /s/ EDWARD LITWAK
                                        ----------------
                                        Edward Litwak
                                        President

                                   Pledgees:

                                   AJW PARTNERS, LLC
                                   By:      SMS Group, LLC


                                   By:  /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                        ---------------------
                                        Corey S. Ribotsky
                                        Manager

                                   AJW OFFSHORE, LTD.
                                   By:  First Street Manager II, LLC


                                   By:  /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                        ---------------------
                                        Corey S. Ribotsky
                                        Manager

                                   AJW QUALIFIED PARTNERS, LLC
                                   By:  AJW Manager, LLC


                                   By:  /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                        ---------------------
                                        Corey S. Ribotsky
                                        Manager

                                   NEW MILLENNIUM CAPITAL PARTNERS II, LLC
                                   By:  First Street Manager II, LLC


                                   By:  /s/ COREY S. RIBOTSKY
                                        ---------------------
                                        Corey S. Ribotsky
                                        Manager

                    [Signatures Continued on Following Page]

                                       8
<PAGE>
<

                                    Pledgor:


                                    /s/ MICHAEL RILEY
                                    -----------------
                                    Michael Riley


                                       9


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
