-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 DyvxTIUxqcQmdW8tpdXkKVhO5BTovPiAH3GV796k4ajKGOvLgeu45Sy8OiILysHd
 r/YOErp1A5cmzBRKvBZ9TA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000882377-04-002741.txt : 20041228
<SEC-HEADER>0000882377-04-002741.hdr.sgml : 20041228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041228151502
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000882377-04-002741
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IMPAC CMB Trust Series 2004-10
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001309994
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-117817-03
		FILM NUMBER:		041228443

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1401 DOVE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92660
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9494753600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1401 DOVE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92660
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d285062.txt
<DESCRIPTION>IMH ASSETS CORP
<TEXT>

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

                     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 28, 2004

IMH ASSETS CORP. (as depositor under a Series 2004-10 Indenture dated as of
November 24, 2004, providing for, inter alia, the issuance of Collateralized
Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2004-10)

                                IMH Assets Corp.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

         California                      333-117817               33-0705301
 ---------------------------          -----------------       ----------------
 (State or Other Jurisdiction     (Commission File Number)    (I.R.S. Employer
      of Incorporation)                                      Identification No.)


       1401 Dove Street                                              92660
  Newport Beach, California                                     ---------------
- -----------------------------                                     (Zip Code)
    (Address of Principal
      Executive Offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code, is (949) 475-3600.


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


<PAGE>

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
          ----------------------------------

               (a) Not applicable

               (b) Not applicable

               (c) Exhibits:

               5.1 Opinion of Thacher Proffitt & Wood LLP regarding Legality

               8.1 Opinion of Thacher Proffitt & Wood LLP regarding Tax Matters


<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

                                           IMH ASSETS CORP.

                                           By:      /s/Richard J. Johnson
                                              ----------------------------------
                                           Name:    Richard J. Johnson
                                           Title:   Chief Financial Officer

Dated: December 28,  2004

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d285101.txt
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION RE: LEGALITY
<TEXT>
                                   EXHIBIT 5.1



<PAGE>

                   [LETTERHEAD OF THACHER PROFFITT & WOOD LLP]







                                       November 24, 2004


Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc.               Wilmington Trust Company
1401 Dove Street                            Rodney Square North
Newport Beach, California 92660             1100 North Market Street
                                            Wilmington, Delaware  19890-0001

Impac Funding Corporation                   Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner
1401 Dove Street                              & Smith Incorporated
Newport Beach, California 92660             4 World Financial Center, 10th Floor
                                            New York, New York 10080
IMH Assets Corp.
1401 Dove Street                            Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.
Newport Beach, California 92660             383 Madison Avenue
                                            New York, New York 10179
Countrywide Securities Corporation
4500 Park Granada                           Deutsche Bank National Trust Company
Calabasas, California  91302                1761 East St. Andrew Place
                                            Santa Ana, California 92705-4934
Financial Guaranty Insurance Company
125 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10017


                  Opinion: Underwriting Agreement
                  IMH Assets Corp.
                  Collateralized Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2004-10
                  -------------------------------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:


         We have acted as counsel to Impac Funding Corporation ("Impac
Funding"), Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. (the "Seller"), IMH Assets Corp. (the
"Depositor") and Impac CMB Trust Series 2004-10 (the "Issuer") in connection
with (i) the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2004
(the "Seller Sale Agreement"), between the Seller and the Depositor (ii) the
Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2004 (the "Trust
Agreement" or the "Depositor Sale Agreement"), among the Depositor, Wilmington
Trust Company as owner trustee of the Issuer and Deutsche Bank National Trust
Company (the "Indenture Trustee") pursuant


<PAGE>

IMH Assets Corp. Series 2004-10                                          Page 2.
November 24, 2004

to which the trust certificates (the "Trust Certificates") were issued, (iii)
the Servicing Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2004 (the "Servicing
Agreement"), among Impac Funding (the "Master Servicer"), the Issuer and
Indenture Trustee, (iv) the Indenture, dated as of November 24, 2004 (the
"Indenture"), between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee relating to the
Collateralized Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2004-10 (the "Bonds") issued pursuant
thereto, (v) the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2004 (the
"Underwriting Agreement"), among Impac Funding, the Depositor, the Seller, Bear,
Stearns & Co. Inc. ("Bear Stearns"), Countrywide Securities Corporation
("Countrywide") and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (together
with Bear Stearns and Countrywide, the "Underwriters"), (vi) the Prospectus
Supplement, dated November 23, 2004 (the "Prospectus Supplement"), and the
Prospectus to which it relates, dated September 28, 2004 (the "Base Prospectus";
together with the Prospectus Supplement, the "Prospectus"), and (vii) the
Insurance and Indemnity Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2004 (the "Insurance
and Indemnity Agreement"), among Financial Guaranty Insurance Corporation as
insurer, the Seller, the Depositor, Impac Funding, the Issuer and the Indenture
Trustee.The Seller Sale Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Servicing Agreement,
the Indenture, the Underwriting Agreement and the Insurance and Indemnity
Agreement are collectively referred to herein as the "Agreements". Capitalized
terms not defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreements.

         In rendering this opinion letter, as to relevant factual matters we
have examined the documents described above and such other documents as we have
deemed necessary including, where we have deemed appropriate, representations or
certifications of officers of parties thereto or public officials. In rendering
this opinion letter, except for the matters that are specifically addressed in
the opinions expressed below, with your permission we have assumed, and are
relying thereon without independent investigation, (i) the authenticity of all
documents submitted to us as originals or as copies thereof, and the conformity
to the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies, (ii) the necessary
entity formation and continuing existence in the jurisdiction of formation, and
the necessary licensing and qualification in all jurisdictions, of all parties
to all documents, (iii) the necessary authorization, execution, delivery and
enforceability of all documents, and the necessary entity power with respect
thereto, and (iv) that there is not any other agreement that modifies or
supplements the agreements expressed in any document to which this opinion
letter relates and that renders any of the opinions expressed below inconsistent
with such document as so modified or supplemented. In rendering this opinion
letter, except for the matters that are specifically addressed in the opinions
expressed below, we have made no inquiry, have conducted no investigation and
assume no responsibility with respect to (a) the accuracy of and compliance by
the parties thereto with the representations, warranties and covenants as to
factual matters contained in any document or (b) the conformity of the
underlying assets and related documents to the requirements of any agreement to
which this opinion letter relates.

         In rendering this opinion letter, any opinion expressed herein with
respect to the enforceability of any right or obligation is subject to (i)
general principles of equity, including concepts of materiality, reasonableness,
good faith and fair dealing and the possible unavailability of specific
performance and injunctive relief, regardless of whether considered in a
proceeding in equity or at law, (ii) bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership,
reorganization, liquidation, voidable preference, fraudulent conveyance and
transfer, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors or
secured parties, (iii) the effect of certain laws, regulations and judicial and
other decisions upon (a) the availability and enforceability of certain
remedies, including the remedies of

<PAGE>

IMH Assets Corp. Series 2004-10                                          Page 3.
November 24, 2004

specific performance and self-help, and provisions purporting to waive the
obligation of good faith, materiality, fair dealing, diligence, reasonableness
or objection to judicial jurisdiction, venue or forum and (b) the enforceability
of any provision the violation of which would not have any material adverse
effect on the performance by any party of its obligations under any agreement
and (iv) public policy considerations underlying United States federal
securities laws, to the extent that such public policy considerations limit the
enforceability of any provision of any agreement which purports or is construed
to provide indemnification with respect to securities law violations. However,
the non-enforceability of any provisions referred to in foregoing clause (iii)
will not, taken as a whole, materially interfere with the practical realization
of the benefits of the rights and remedies included in any such agreement which
is the subject of any opinion expressed below, except for the consequences of
any judicial, administrative, procedural or other delay which may be imposed by,
relate to or arise from applicable laws, equitable principles and
interpretations thereof.

         This opinion letter is based upon our review of the documents referred
to herein. We have conducted no independent investigation with respect to the
facts contained in such documents and relied upon in rendering this opinion
letter. We also note that we do not represent any of the parties to the
transactions to which this opinion letter relates or any of their affiliates in
connection with matters other than certain transactions. However, the attorneys
in this firm who are directly involved in the representation of parties to the
transactions to which this opinion letter relates, after such consultation with
such other attorneys in this firm as they deemed appropriate, have no actual
present knowledge of the inaccuracy of any fact relied upon in rendering this
opinion letter. In addition, if we indicate herein that any opinion is based on
our knowledge, our opinion is based solely on the actual present knowledge of
such attorneys after such consultation with such other attorneys in this firm as
they deemed appropriate and, with respect to the opinions in paragraphs 3(i) and
(ii) and 4 below, the Certificate of the Seller, a copy of which is annexed as
Exhibit A and the accuracy of which with your permission we are relying on
without independent investigation in rendering this opinion letter.

         In rendering this opinion letter, we do not express any opinion
concerning any law other than the laws of the State of New York and the federal
laws of the United States including without limitation the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"). We do not express any opinion herein with
respect to any matter not specifically addressed in the opinions expressed
below, including without limitation (i) any statute, regulation or provision of
law of any county, municipality or other political subdivision or any agency or
instrumentality thereof or (ii) the securities or tax laws of any jurisdiction.

         Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that:

         1.       Each of the Agreements to which Impac Funding, the Seller, the
                  Depositor or the Issuer is a party (to the extent that the
                  laws of the State of New York are designated therein as the
                  governing law thereof), assuming the necessary entity power
                  and authority therefor, authorization, execution and delivery
                  thereof by the parties thereto (other than any party as to
                  which we opine to that effect herein) and the enforceability
                  thereof against the other parties thereto, is a valid and
                  legally binding agreement under the laws of the State of New
                  York, enforceable thereunder in accordance with its terms
                  against Impac Funding, the Seller or the Depositor, as the
                  case may be.


<PAGE>


IMH Assets Corp. Series 2004-10                                          Page 4.
November 24, 2004


         2.       The Bonds, assuming the necessary entity power and authority
                  therefor, authorization, execution, authentication and
                  delivery thereof and payment therefor in accordance with the
                  applicable Agreements, are valid and legally binding
                  obligations under the laws of the State of New York,
                  enforceable thereunder in accordance with their terms against
                  the Issuer, and are entitled to the benefits of the Indenture.

         3.       With respect to the Issuer, the performance of its obligations
                  under each of the Agreements to which it is a party and the
                  consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby will not
                  result in (i) to our knowledge, any breach, violation or
                  acceleration of or default under any indenture or other
                  material agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by
                  which it is bound or (ii) to our knowledge, any order of any
                  United States federal or State of New York court, agency or
                  other governmental body.

         4.       With respect to the Issuer, to our knowledge, there is no
                  legal action, suit, proceeding or investigation before any
                  court, agency or other governmental body pending or threatened
                  (by written communication to it of a present intention to
                  initiate such action, suit or proceeding) against it, which,
                  either in one instance or in the aggregate, draws into
                  question the validity of, seeks to prevent the consummation of
                  any of the transactions contemplated by or would impair
                  materially its ability to perform its obligations under any of
                  the Agreements to which it is a party.

         5.       With respect to each of Impac Funding, the Seller, the
                  Depositor and the Issuer, the performance of its obligations
                  under each of the Agreements to which it is a party and the
                  consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby do not
                  require any consent, approval, authorization or order of,
                  filing with or notice to any United States federal or State of
                  New York court, agency or other governmental body under any
                  United States federal or State of New York statute or
                  regulation that is normally applicable to transactions of the
                  type contemplated by the Agreements, except such as may be
                  required under the securities laws of any State of the United
                  States or such as have been obtained, effected or given.

         6.       With respect to each of Impac Funding, the Seller, the
                  Depositor and the Issuer, the performance of its obligations
                  under each of the Agreements to which it is a party and the
                  consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby will not
                  result in any breach or violation of any United States federal
                  or State of New York statute or regulation that is normally
                  applicable to transactions of the type contemplated by the
                  Agreements.

         7.       The Registration Statement has become effective under the 1933
                  Act. In that regard, this is to inform you that, to our
                  knowledge, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
                  Registration Statement has been issued and not withdrawn, and
                  no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or
                  threatened under Section 8(d) of the 1933 Act.

         8.       The Registration Statement as of the date of the Prospectus
                  Supplement and the date
<PAGE>

IMH Assets Corp. Series 2004-10                                          Page 5.
November 24, 2004


                  hereof, and the Prospectus as of the date of the Prospectus
                  Supplement and the date hereof, other than any financial and
                  statistical information and other marketing materials,
                  including without limitation those generally described as term
                  sheets and computational materials, as to which we express no
                  opinion herein, complied as to form in all material respects
                  with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the applicable rules
                  and regulations thereunder.

         9.       To our knowledge, there are no material contracts, indentures
                  or other documents of a character required to be described or
                  referred to in either the Registration Statement or the
                  Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration
                  Statement, other than any other marketing materials, including
                  without limitation those generally described as term sheets
                  and computational materials, as to which we express no opinion
                  herein, and those described or referred to therein or filed or
                  incorporated by reference as exhibits thereto.

         10.      The statements made in the Prospectus under the heading
                  "Description of the Bonds", insofar as such statements purport
                  to summarize certain provisions of the Bonds and the Indenture
                  thereof, provide a fair summary of such provisions. The
                  statements made in the Base Prospectus under the headings
                  "Legal Aspects of Mortgage Loans-Applicability of Usury Laws",
                  and "-Alternative Mortgage Instruments" and "ERISA
                  Considerations", to the extent that those statements
                  constitute matters of United States federal or State of New
                  York law or legal conclusions with respect thereto, while not
                  purporting to discuss all possible consequences of investment
                  in the securities to which they relate, are correct in all
                  material respects with respect to those consequences or
                  matters that are discussed therein.

         11.      The Indenture has been qualified under the Trust Indenture Act
                  of 1939, as amended. Neither the Issuer nor the Trust Fund
                  created by the Indenture is an "investment company" within the
                  meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

         12.      The Class 1-A-1, Class 1-A-2, Class 3-A-1, Class 3-A-2, Class
                  3-M-1, Class 3-M-2, Class 3-M-3, Class 3-M-4, Class 4-A-1,
                  Class 4-A-2 and Class 4-M-1 Bonds will be "mortgage related
                  securities" as defined in Section 3(a)(41) of the Securities
                  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, so long as each such class
                  is rated in one of the two highest rating categories by at
                  least one "nationally recognized statistical rating
                  organization" as that term is used in that Section.

<PAGE>


IMH Assets Corp. Series 2004-10                                          Page 6.
November 24, 2004


                  This opinion letter is rendered for the sole benefit of each
         addressee hereof with respect to the matters specifically addressed
         herein, and no other person or entity is entitled to rely hereon.
         Copies of this opinion letter may not be made available, and this
         opinion letter may not be quoted or referred to in any other document
         made available, to any other person or entity except (i) to any
         applicable rating agency, institution providing credit enhancement or
         liquidity support or governmental authority, (ii) to any accountant or
         attorney for any person or entity entitled hereunder to rely hereon or
         to whom or which this opinion letter may be made available as provided
         herein and (iii) as otherwise required by law; provided that none of
         the foregoing is entitled to rely hereon unless an addressee hereof. We
         assume no obligation to revise, supplement or withdraw this opinion
         letter, or otherwise inform any addressee hereof or other person or
         entity, with respect to any change occurring subsequent to the delivery
         hereof in any applicable fact or law or any judicial or administrative
         interpretation thereof, even though such change may affect a legal
         analysis or conclusion contained herein. In addition, no
         attorney-client relationship exists or has existed by reason of this
         opinion letter between our firm and any addressee hereof or other
         person or entity except for any addressee that is identified in the
         first paragraph hereof as a person or entity for which we have acted as
         counsel in rendering this opinion letter. In permitting reliance hereon
         by any person or entity other than such an addressee for which we have
         acted as counsel, we are not acting as counsel for such other person or
         entity and have not assumed and are not assuming any responsibility to
         advise such other person or entity with respect to the adequacy of this
         opinion letter for its purposes.


                                                Very truly yours,

                                                Thacher Proffitt & Wood LLP
<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT A

                                   CERTIFICATE
                                       OF
                          IMPAC MORTGAGE HOLDINGS, INC.

         This Certificate is being delivered to Thacher Proffitt & Wood LLP
("TPW") for reliance hereon by TPW in rendering its opinion letter to which this
Certificate is annexed, dated the date hereof (the "Opinion Letter"). The
undersigned understands, acknowledges and agrees that the facts set forth in the
Opinion Letter have been relied upon by TPW in rendering the Opinion Letter and
by each addressee thereof and other parties to the transactions to which the
Opinion Letter relates in the consummation of those transactions. Capitalized
terms not defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Opinion
Letter and the Agreements. The undersigned hereby represents, warrants,
covenants and certifies, after reasonable investigation and review and
consultation as appropriate with its attorneys and independent accountants, as
follows:

         1. With respect to the Issuer, the performance of its obligations under
each of the Agreements to which it is a party and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated thereby will not result in (i) any breach, violation
or acceleration of or default under any indenture or other material agreement or
instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound or (iii) any breach or
violation of any order of any United States federal or State of New York court,
agency or other governmental body applicable to it.

         2. With respect to the Issuer, there is no legal action, suit,
proceeding or investigation before any court, agency or other governmental body
pending or threatened (by written communication to it of a present intention to
initiate such action, suit or proceeding) against it, which either in one
instance or in the aggregate, draws into question the validity of, seeks to
prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by or would
impair materially its ability to perform its obligations under any of the
Agreements to which it is a party.


<PAGE>


         The undersigned has executed this Certificate as of the date of the
Opinion Letter.

                                              IMPAC MORTGAGE HOLDINGS, INC.



                                              By:
                                                 _____________________________
                                              Name:   Richard J. Johnson
                                              Title:  EVP, CFO


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-8.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d285109.txt
<DESCRIPTION>OPINION RE: TAX MATTERS
<TEXT>
                                   EXHIBIT 8.1


<PAGE>

                   [LETTERHEAD OF THACHER PROFFITT & WOOD LLP]







                                       November 24, 2004


Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc.              Wilmington Trust Company
1401 Dove Street                           Rodney Square North
Newport Beach, California 92660            1100 North Market Street
                                           Wilmington, Delaware  19890-0001
Impac Funding Corporation
1401 Dove Street                           Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner
Newport Beach, California 92660            & Smith Incorporated
                                           4 World Financial Center, 10th Floor
IMH Assets Corp.                           New York, New York 10080
1401 Dove Street
Newport Beach, California 92660            Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.
                                           383 Madison Avenue
Countrywide Securities Corporation         New York, New York 10179
4500 Park Granada
Calabasas, California  91302               Financial Guaranty Insurance Company
                                           125 Park Avenue
Deutsche Bank National Trust Company       New York, NY 10017
1761 East St. Andrew Place
Santa Ana, California 92705-4934

                  Opinion: Underwriting Agreement (Tax)
                  IMH Assets Corp.
                  Collateralized Asset-Backed Bonds, Series 2004-10
                  -------------------------------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         We have acted as counsel to Impac Funding Corporation ("Impac
Funding"), Impac Mortgage Holdings, Inc. (the "Seller"), IMH Assets Corp. (the
"Depositor") and Impac CMB Trust Series 2004-10 (the "Issuer") in connection
with (i) the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2004
(the "Seller Sale Agreement"), between the Seller and the Depositor (ii) the
Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of November 24, 2004 (the "Trust
Agreement" or the "Depositor Sale Agreement"), among the Depositor, Wilmington
Trust Company as owner trustee of the Issuer and Deutsche Bank National Trust
Company (the "Indenture Trustee") pursuant to which the trust certificates (the
"Trust Certificates") were issued, (iii) the Servicing Agreement, dated as of
November 24, 2004 (the "Servicing Agreement"), among Impac Funding (the "Master
Servicer"), the Issuer and Indenture Trustee, (iv) the Indenture, dated as of
November 24, 2004 (the "Indenture"), between the Issuer and the Indenture
Trustee relating to the Collateralized Asset-Backed Bonds, Series


<PAGE>

IMH Assets Corp., Series 2004-10                                         Page 2.
November 24, 2004

2004-10 (the "Bonds") issued pursuant thereto, (v) the Underwriting Agreement,
dated as of November 23, 2004 (the "Underwriting Agreement"), among Impac
Funding, the Depositor, the Seller, Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. ("Bear Stearns"),
Countrywide Securities Corporation ("Countrywide") and Merrill Lynch, Pierce,
Fenner & Smith Incorporated (together with Bear Stearns and Countrywide, the
"Underwriters"), (vi) the Prospectus Supplement, dated November 23, 2004 (the
"Prospectus Supplement"), and the Prospectus to which it relates, dated
September 28, 2004 (the "Base Prospectus"; together with the Prospectus
Supplement, the "Prospectus"), and (vii) the Insurance and Indemnity Agreement,
dated as of November 24, 2004 (the "Insurance and Indemnity Agreement"), among
Financial Guaranty Insurance Corporation as insurer, the Seller, the Depositor,
Impac Funding, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. The Seller Sale Agreement,
the Trust Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Indenture, the Underwriting
Agreement and the Insurance and Indemnity Agreement are collectively referred to
herein as the "Agreements". Capitalized terms not defined herein have the
meanings assigned to them in the Agreements.

         In rendering this opinion letter, as to relevant factual matters we
have examined the documents described above and such other documents as we have
deemed necessary including, where we have deemed appropriate, representations or
certifications of officers of parties thereto or public officials. In rendering
this opinion letter, except for the matters that are specifically addressed in
the opinions expressed below, with your permission we have assumed, and are
relying thereon without independent investigation, (i) the authenticity of all
documents submitted to us as originals or as copies thereof, and the conformity
to the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies, (ii) the necessary
entity formation and continuing existence in the jurisdiction of formation, and
the necessary licensing and qualification in all jurisdictions, of all parties
to all documents, (iii) the necessary authorization, execution, delivery and
enforceability of all documents, and the necessary entity power with respect
thereto, and (iv) that there is not any other agreement that modifies or
supplements the agreements expressed in any document to which this opinion
letter relates and that renders any of the opinions expressed below inconsistent
with such document as so modified or supplemented. In rendering this opinion
letter, except for the matters that are specifically addressed in the opinions
expressed below, we have made no inquiry, have conducted no investigation and
assume no responsibility with respect to (a) the accuracy of and compliance by
the parties thereto with the representations, warranties and covenants as to
factual matters contained in any document or (b) the conformity of the
underlying assets and related documents to the requirements of any agreement to
which this opinion letter relates.

         This opinion letter is based upon our review of the documents referred
to herein. We have conducted no independent investigation with respect to the
facts contained in such documents and relied upon in rendering this opinion
letter. We also note that we do not represent any of the parties to the
transactions to which this opinion letter relates or any of their affiliates in
connection with matters other than certain transactions. However, the attorneys
in this firm who are directly involved in the representation of parties to the
transactions to which this opinion letter relates, after such consultation with
such other attorneys in this firm as they deemed appropriate, have no actual
present knowledge of the inaccuracy of any fact relied upon in rendering this
opinion letter.

<PAGE>

IMH Assets Corp., Series 2004-10                                         Page 3.
November 24, 2004


         In rendering this opinion letter, we do not express any opinion
concerning any law other than the federal income tax laws of the United States,
including without limitation the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"). We do not express any opinion herein with respect to any matter not
specifically addressed in the opinions expressed below, including without
limitation (i) any statute, regulation or provision of law of any county,
municipality or other political subdivision or any agency or instrumentality
thereof or (ii) the securities or tax laws of any jurisdiction.

         The tax opinions set forth below are based upon the existing provisions
of applicable law and regulations issued or proposed thereunder, published
rulings and releases of applicable agencies or other governmental bodies and
existing case law, any of which or the effect of any of which could change at
any time. Any such changes may be retroactive in application and could modify
the legal conclusions upon which such opinions are based. The opinions expressed
herein are limited as described below, and we do not express any opinion on any
other legal or income tax aspect of the transactions contemplated by the
documents relating to the transaction.

         Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that:

         1.       The statements made in the Base Prospectus and the Prospectus
                  Supplement under the heading "Federal Income Tax
                  Consequences", to the extent that those statements constitute
                  matters of law or legal conclusions with respect thereto,
                  while not purporting to discuss all possible consequences of
                  investment in the securities to which they relate, are correct
                  in all material respects with respect to those consequences or
                  matters that are discussed therein.

         2.       Under current United States federal income tax law as of the
                  Closing Date, based upon certain financial calculations
                  prepared at the request of the Underwriters concerning the
                  projected performance of the Underlying Certificates and
                  projected payments on the Bonds and assuming the accuracy of
                  and compliance with the representations, covenants and other
                  provisions of the Agreements without any waiver or
                  modification thereof, although there are no regulations,
                  rulings or judicial precedents addressing the characterization
                  for federal income tax purposes of Bonds having terms
                  substantially the same as those of the Bonds, for federal
                  income tax purposes the Bonds will be treated as indebtedness
                  to a holder thereof other than the owner of the Trust
                  Certificates, and not as ownership interests in the Trust Fund
                  or an equity interest in the Issuer or the Company, and the
                  Issuer will not be classified as (i) an association taxable as
                  a corporation, (ii) a publicly traded partnership taxable as a
                  corporation or (iii) a taxable mortgage pool for federal
                  income tax purposes.

         This opinion letter is rendered for the sole benefit of each addressee
hereof with respect to the matters specifically addressed herein, and no other
person or entity is entitled to rely hereon. Copies of this opinion letter may
not be made available, and this opinion letter may not be quoted or referred to
in any other document made available, to any other person or entity except (i)
to any applicable rating agency, institution providing credit enhancement or
liquidity support or governmental authority, (ii) to any accountant or attorney
for any person or entity entitled hereunder to rely hereon or to whom or which
this opinion letter may be made available

<PAGE>


IMH Assets Corp., Series 2004-10                                         Page 4.
November 24, 2004


as provided herein, (iii) to any and all persons, without limitation, in
connection with the disclosure of the tax treatment and tax structure of the
transaction (as defined in Treasury regulation section 1.6011-4) and (iv) as
otherwise required by law; provided that none of the foregoing is entitled to
rely hereon unless an addressee hereof. We assume no obligation to revise,
supplement or withdraw this opinion letter, or otherwise inform any addressee
hereof or other person or entity, with respect to any change occurring
subsequent to the delivery hereof in any applicable fact or law or any judicial
or administrative interpretation thereof, even though such change may affect a
legal analysis or conclusion contained herein. In addition, no attorney-client
relationship exists or has existed by reason of this opinion letter between our
firm and any addressee hereof or other person or entity except for any addressee
that is identified in the first paragraph hereof as a person or entity for which
we have acted as counsel in rendering this opinion letter. In permitting
reliance hereon by any person or entity other than such an addressee for which
we have acted as counsel, we are not acting as counsel for such other person or
entity and have not assumed and are not assuming any responsibility to advise
such other person or entity with respect to the adequacy of this opinion letter
for its purposes.

                                                     Very truly yours,


                                                     Thacher Proffitt & Wood LLP

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
