
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 99.1

                                                         CONTACT: JIM KOSOWSKI
                                                                  304-234-2440

                                               RELEASE DATE: DECEMBER 28, 2004



FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE


     WHEELING-PITTSBURGH STEEL CORPORATION AND SEVERSTAL NORTH AMERICA, INC.
         SIGN NON-BINDING LETTER OF INTENT FOR COKE PLANT JOINT VENTURE

WHEELING, WV, December 28, 2004 - Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corporation and
Severstal North America, Inc. on December 23, 2004, signed a non-binding letter
of intent to create a joint venture involving Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel's Coke
Plant, located in Follansbee, WV. The letter of intent calls for entering into a
definitive joint venture closing on or before March 31, 2005.

         At the closing of a definitive joint venture agreement,
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel will contribute the assets of its Follansbee Coke
Plant to the joint venture and Severstal will contribute most of the capital to
rebuild the facility over the next four years. Severstal is expected to commit
$140 million to the joint venture over four years, which will be used for such
coke plant capital improvements. In addition, Severstal would make a $20 million
payment directly to Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel at the closing of the joint
venture. The proposed agreement, after all capital contributions are received
from Severstal, would provide Severstal with a 50 percent ownership of the joint
venture. At that time each party would take 50 percent of the coke produced by
the joint venture.

         The Follansbee Coke Plant is located on the Ohio River and consists of
one six-meter battery and three three-meter batteries. Total cokemaking capacity
is expected to be in excess of one million tons per year after completion of the
capital improvements. The letter of intent also provides for a management
agreement to be entered into at the closing of the joint venture, pursuant to
which Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel would continue to operate the facility for the
joint venture. The joint venture will produce coke for the benefit of
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel and Severstal.


                                    --MORE -



<PAGE>

WHEELING-PITTSBURGH STEEL AND SEVERSTAL NORTH AMERICA
SIGN LETTER OF INTENT
PAGE 2


         "This agreement is good for Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel, the State of
West Virginia and the domestic steel industry," said James G. Bradley, Chairman,
President and CEO of Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel. "It would ensure a significant
investment in West Virginia and in domestic cokemaking."

         Bradley added, "The coke market has been highly volatile. This
transaction minimizes our risk while assuring an adequate coke supply for our
remaining blast furnace and freeing up capital for potential future value-added
downstream investments."

         Severstal North America, Inc. is an integrated flat rolled sheet steel
producer that primarily serves the automotive, converter and service center
markets in North America. Its manufacturing facilities and corporate offices are
located in Dearborn, MI with approximately 2,200 employees. Severstal North
America, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of OAO Severstal, the second largest
steel producer in Russia. In January 2004, OAO Severstal acquired the assets of
the former Rouge Industries, Inc., including its primary subsidiary Rouge Steel
Company.

         Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corporation is a metal products company with
approximately 3,100 employees. It has facilities in Steubenville, Mingo
Junction, Yorkville and Martins Ferry, OH; Beech Bottom and Follansbee, WV; and
Allenport, PA.

         Statements in this release that express a belief, expectation or
intention, as well as those which are not historical fact, are forward looking.
They involve a number of risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results
to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. For more information
about these risks and uncertainties, please refer to Wheeling-Pittsburgh,
Corporation's annual report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31,
2003, and other filings, with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

                                       ###


