
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

Journal Register Company Appoints Stephen P. Mumblow to Board of Directors;
Mumblow Will Also Serve as a Member of the Audit Committee

    TRENTON, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 21, 2004--Journal Register Company
(NYSE:JRC) Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Robert M.
Jelenic today announced the appointment of Stephen P. Mumblow to the
Company's Board of Directors. Mr. Mumblow was also appointed to serve
as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company's Board.
    Since January 2002, Mr. Mumblow has served as the President of
Manhan Media, Inc., an investment company in the media industry.
Previously, Mr. Mumblow was the President and a Director of
Communications Corporation of America, a television and radio
broadcasting company, and has also served as an investment banker
specializing in media concerns. He presently serves on the Board of
Directors and as Chairman of the Audit Committee of Lamar Advertising
Company (NASDAQ:LAMR), a leading outdoor advertising company. Mr.
Mumblow is a graduate of The Wharton School of the University of
Pennsylvania.
    "I am delighted that Steve has agreed to serve on our Board, and I
join the entire Journal Register Company team in welcoming him," said
Jelenic. "Steve brings to our Board a broad view of the media
industry, and will also provide additional financial expertise to our
Audit Committee. I look forward to his contributions, and I'm certain
he will be a valuable asset to Journal Register Company."
    Journal Register Company is a leading U.S. newspaper publishing
company. Journal Register Company owns 27 daily newspapers, including
the New Haven Register, Connecticut's second largest daily and Sunday
newspaper, and 337 non-daily publications. Journal Register Company
currently operates 194 individual Web sites that are affiliated with
the Company's daily newspapers and non-daily publications. These Web
sites can be accessed at www.journalregister.com. All of the Company's
operations are strategically clustered in seven geographic areas:
Greater Philadelphia; Michigan; Connecticut; Greater Cleveland;
Central New England; and the Capital-Saratoga and Mid-Hudson regions
of New York. The Company has an investment in PowerOne Media, LLC, a
leading provider of online solutions for newspapers, hosting the
largest online newspaper network in the U.S.

    CONTACT: Journal Register Company, Trenton
             Jean B. Clifton
             Executive Vice President and
             Chief Financial Officer
             Tel: (609) 396-2200

