-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 RbXai2rNKd8XKkWWp/w+cVFMYAJ8QbzNuHU+Mp7FDkxL5EvnBj93lvMd/nRVksQQ
 rxRABduPP1qE/pvbuWL5hQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001289046-04-000005.txt : 20041230
<SEC-HEADER>0001289046-04-000005.hdr.sgml : 20041230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041230113033
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001289046-04-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GCJ Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001289046
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				201044634
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50738
		FILM NUMBER:		041232883

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8425 BAY POINT DR
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89128
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-334-4008

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8425 BAY POINT DR
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89128
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>apd8k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
                               UNITED STATES
                     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                           Washington D.C., 20549

                                 Form 8-K

                              CURRENT REPORT

                   Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                       Securities Exchange Act of 1934

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 27, 2004


                        Commission File Number: 000-50738

                              APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
                  --------------------------------------------
                 (Name of small business issuer in its charter)

           Nevada                                         20-1044634
- --------------------------------                         --------------
(State or other jurisdiction of                         (IRS Employer
incorporation or organization)                          Identification
                                                        No.)

 1314 S. Brand Blvd, Suite 2-176, Spokane, WA               99202
 ---------------------------------------------          -------------
    (Address of principal executive offices)              (zip code)

      Telephone: (509)-744-8590           Facsimile:  (509) 623-0121
     -----------------------------------------------------------------

                                 GCJ, INC.
                    8425 Bay Point Dr., Las Vegas, NV  89128
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
(Former name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since
last report)

                                    1

<PAGE>


ITEM 1.01  ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT

On December 27, 2004, APD Antiquities, Inc., ("APD") a Nevada corporation and
GCJ, Inc., ("GCJ") a Nevada corporation entered into to an Acquisition
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") whereby APD has acquired
all the outstanding shares of common stock of GCJ from its sole stockholder
in an exchange for $3,600 cash in a transaction where APD is the successor
corporation.

The Merger was approved by the unanimous consent of the Board of Directors
of APD on December 27, 2004.

Pursuant to Rule 12g-3(g) of the General Rules and Regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission, APD is the successor issuer to GCJ for
reporting purposes under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Act").  The purpose of this transaction was for APD Antiquities to succeed to
the registration status of GCJ under the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 12g-3.
GCJ, a reporting company was not engaged in any business.  It was incorporated
for the purpose of becoming a fully reporting company and subsequently finding
a merger candidate.  APD Antiquities, Inc. directors and officers became the
directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation.  The sole director and
officer of GCJ resigned.

A copy of the Merger Agreement and Certificate of Merger are filed as
exhibits to this Current Report and are incorporated in its entirety herein.
(See Exhibit 2.1 entitled "Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger.")

ITEM 2.01  COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS

The consideration exchanged pursuant to the Merger Agreement was negotiated
between APD and GCJ.  In evaluating the Merger, GCJ, a non operating company
valued its stock at par value $0.001.  In evaluating GCJ, APD placed a
primary emphasis on GCJ status as a reporting company under Section 12(g) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and GCJ's facilitation of
APD's becoming a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act.


APD ANTIQUITIES BUSINESS
- ------------------------

APD Antiquities, Inc. is an e-Commerce company engaged in the business of
acquiring, importing and marketing valuable antique products such as furniture,
works of art, antiques, glass works, porcelain, statues, pottery, sculptures and
other collectibles and collector items.  Antique products acquired by APD are
commonly of an age of at least 100 years and are frequently acquired with
certificates of authenticity from the sellers.


                                    2

<PAGE>


Distribution Methods of Products or Services
- --------------------------------------------

APD Antiquities, Inc. markets antique items primarily through its website,
http://www.apd-international.com.  Management has two primary sales and
marketing strategies.  The first is a direct sales approach via an Internet
retail site.  Upon accessing the site, interested parties are able to read
about the Company, browse the majority of inventory items, place orders, and
locate email, telephone and other contact information.

The Company's customers place orders over the Internet, via telephone, or in
person.  They pay for their purchases by personal check, cashier's check or
money order prior to delivery of an antique.  Due to the expense associated
with secure credit card transactions and to the limited volume of operations
to date, APD does not accept credit card orders via the web site.

APD is primarily an Internet based retail business, management has relied on
the general public's access to this media as its primary marketing medium.
This medium has been somewhat successful and, to date, the majority of APD's
business has directly resulted from a customer viewing the APD website and
inquiring via email, telephone or fax.  Management believes that the Company
will need to raise additional operating capital to augment our inventory.


RISK FACTORS
- ------------

(a)  LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY

The Company has a limited operating history and must be considered to
be a developmental stage company.  Prospective investors should be
aware of the difficulties encountered by such new enterprises, as the
Company faces all of the risks inherent in any new business and
especially with a developmental stage company.  These risks include,
but are not limited to, competition, the absence of an operating
history, the need for additional working capital, and the possible
inability to adapt to various economic changes inherent in a market
economy.  The likelihood of success of the Company must be considered
in light of these problems, expenses that are frequently incurred in
the operation of a new business and the competitive environment in
which the Company will be operating.



                                    3

<PAGE>


(b)  ANTICIPATED LOSSES FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE

The Company has prepared audited financial statements as of December 31,
2002, December 31, 2003 and interim unaudited statements as of September
30, 2004.  Its ability to continue to operate as a going concern is fully
dependent upon the Company obtaining sufficient financing to continue
its development and operational activities.  The ability to achieve
profitable operations are in direct correlation to the Company's ability
to raise sufficient financing. It is important to note that even if the
appropriate financing is received, there is no guarantee that the Company
will ever be able to operate profitably or derive any significant revenues
from its operation.  The Company could be required to raise additional
financing to fully implement its entire business plan.

It is also important to note that the Company anticipates that it will
incur losses and negative cash flow over the next twelve (12) to
twenty-four (24) months.  There is no guarantee that the Company will
ever operate profitably or even receive positive cash flows from full
operations.


(c)  DEPENDENCE ON OUTSIDE, FOREIGN SUPPLIERS

The Company purchases its entire inventory from outside suppliers.  Further,
the Company does not have any written supply agreements with any of its
suppliers.  A disruption in supply or degradation in quality could have the
effect of damaging or destroying a brand identity, in addition, cause a
decrease in any established customer loyalty.  Further, an increase in prices
from our suppliers could impact our business and financial results by making
it necessary to increase the level of retail mark-up, which may decrease sales
and decrease the net revenue to the company.


(d)  CERTIFICATES OF AUTHENTICITY:  NON-AUTHENTIC ANTIQUES AND POTENTIAL
LIABILITY

APD's antiques are frequently acquired with guarantees from the sellers.
In order to verify authenticity the Company may also: (a) utilize information
provided by the seller as to an antique's transfer of ownership; (b) subject
the antiques to our own expert examination; or (c) employ outside experts
available to it to examine the antiques.

APD honors the Certificates of Authenticity provided by vendors.  Therefore,
the Company has an obligation to refund to the customer the purchase price
paid if any antique is proven non-authentic.  Should a determination of
authenticity be erroneous, the Company would, as a consequence, likely suffer
a loss unless redress by the Company against the seller of the antique(s)
could be obtained.  APD does not carry any insurance and are currently not

                                    4

<PAGE>


aware of any entity that would offer or underwrite such insurance at
commercially reasonable rates to protect APD against a loss arising from
either the purchase of antiques lacking authenticity or claims by customers
for recovery against the Certificates of Authenticity.  Currently, there are
no claims against the Company and there have been no claims made against the
Company pursuant to the Certificates of Authenticity.  The Company has not
established a reserve against the risk of forgery or against any exposure
under the Certificates of Authenticity.


(e)  INTERNET COMPETITION

Due to the ability of consumers to easily compare prices of similar products
or services on competing web sites, gross margins for e-commerce transactions
may narrow in the future.  As such, APD revenues from e-commerce arrangements
may be materially negatively impacted.


(f)  COMPETITION

APD faces intense competition from larger and better-established companies that
may prevent APD from ever becoming a significant market leader.  The Company
competes primarily with art galleries, antique stores and sellers of other
collectible items, as well as dealers in Asian antiques, furniture and
accessories.  In addition, certain department stores and other retail outlets
offer Asian antique accessories, decorations and furniture or reproductions
thereof, usually as part of an overall effort to market antiques and other
specialty items.

Other retailers re-merchandising antique items to include lower priced antiques
and collectibles or reproductions.  Such re-merchandising negatively impacts
APD's business because the market becomes flooded with low priced, low quality
antiques and reproductions.  The management of APD plans to continue stocking
and offering only authentic, rare antiques.  In the event APD's suppliers'
prices for Asian antiques materially increase, the Company's ability to acquire
authentic, high quality antiques and, in turn, APD's ability to market such
newly acquired antiques to the general public may be adversely affected.

The market for selling antiques over the Internet is relatively new, rapidly
evolving and competitive.  Management expects the competition to intensify in
the future.  Barriers to entry are relatively low, and current and new
competitors can launch new sites at relatively low costs using commercially
available software.  APD potentially competes with a number of other companies
marketing similar wood, leather, porcelain, bronze, pottery and other antique
merchandise over the Internet.  Pressures created by APD's competitors could
negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market are volume
and selection of goods, population of buyers and sellers, customer service,
reliability of delivery and payment by users, brand recognition, website


                                    5

<PAGE>



convenience and accessibility, price, quality of search tools and system
reliability.  Some of our potential competitors have longer operating
histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition and significantly
greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources.  In addition,
APD's competitors may acquire or be acquired by, receive investments from or
enter into other commercial relationships with larger, well-established and
well-financed competitors as use of the Internet and other online services
increases.  Therefore, some of APD's competitors with other revenue sources
may be able to devote greater resources to marketing and promotional campaigns,
adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote substantially more resources
to website and systems development or may try to attract traffic by offering
incentives such as free products and/or services.  Increased competition may
result in reduced operating margins, loss of market share and diminished value
in the Company brand.  There can be no assurance that the Company will be able
to compete successfully against current and future competitors.

APD possesses limited resources with which to compete relative to its
competitors.  In addition, these companies may have more ability to pay for
advertising with major search engines and on other third party web sites,
obtaining greater exposure to the general public.  Many have also established
an on-line auction format, which gives them another arena for retail sales.
New technologies and the expansion of existing technologies may increase
competitive pressures on the Company by enabling its competitors to offer
products at a lower cost.  Certain Web-based applications that direct Internet
traffic to certain Web sites may channel users to retail services that compete
with APD.  Any and all of these events could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition.


(g)  POSSIBLE INABILITY TO FIND SUITABLE EMPLOYEES.

The Company currently relies exclusively upon the services and expertise of
Cindy K. Swank (President).  In order to implement the aggressive business plan
of the Company, management recognizes that additional staff will be required.
The president is the only personnel at the outset.  Management has no plans to
increase the number of employees until the Company can produce a profit on
a consistent basis.  No assurances can be given that the Company will be able
to find suitable employees that can support the above needs of the Company
or that these employees can be hired on terms favorable to the Company.


(h) LACK OF EXPERIENCE ON THE PART OF MANAGEMENT

As stated above, the Company currently relies exclusively upon the services
and expertise of Cindy K. Swank (President).  This is her first experience in
managing an internet website to sell antiquities.  She has limited business
experience in the antiquities market.  As such, the business model and
methodologies she develops may be unsuccessful.  As a consequence, failure to
identify effective and efficient process servicing methodologies and build a
customer base can have an adverse effect on the Company's future.

                                    6

<PAGE>


(i) THE COMPANY IS DEPENDENT ON ITS OFFICER TO DEVELOP AND IMPLEMENT ITS
    BUSINESS PLAN.

The Company plans to rely heavily on its sole officer, Cindy K. Swank who has
limited experience in the antiquities market.  Should the Company be deprived
of the services of its officer for any reason during this period of expansion,
the results would be devastating to the Company and could lead to its
dissolution.  Management cannot be sure that this business model will be
successful.  The Company does not have an employment agreement with Cindy K.
Swank.

(j) RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ACQUISITIONS MAY NOT BENEFIT THE COMPANY AND
    DILUTE THE VALUE OF THE COMPANY'S SHARES.

If appropriate opportunities present themselves, the Company would acquire
businesses, technologies, or service(s) that the Company believes are
strategic and would help it build its operations and/or future customer
base.

The Company currently has no understandings, commitments or agreements with
respect to any other material acquisition and no other material acquisition
is currently being pursued.  There can be no assurance that the Company will
be able to identify, negotiate or finance future acquisitions successfully, or
to integrate such acquisitions with its current business.  The process of
integrating an acquired business, technology, service or product(s) into the
Company may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and
may absorb significant management attention that would otherwise be available
for ongoing development of the Company's business.  Further, there can be no
assurance that the anticipated benefits of any acquisition will be realized.

Future acquisitions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity
securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or amortization
expenses related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could
materially adversely affect the Company's business, results of operations and
financial condition.  Any future acquisitions of other businesses, technologies,
services or product(s) might require the Company to obtain additional equity or
debt financing, which might not be available on terms favorable to the Company,
or at all, and such financing, if available, might be dilutive.


(k)   LOW-PRICED STOCKS MAY AFFECT THE RESELL THE COMPANY'S SHARES.

Penny Stock Regulation Broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions
in "Penny Stocks" are regulated by certain penny stock rules adopted by the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Penny stocks generally are equity
securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered
on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system).
The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a
penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the

                                    7

<PAGE>


risk associated with the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also
provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock,
the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction,
and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock
held in the customer's account.  In addition, the penny stock rules generally
require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock, the broker-dealer must
make a written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for
the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction.
These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of
trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to
the penny stock rules.  When the Registration Statement becomes effective and
the Company's securities become registered, the stock will likely have a
trading price of less than $5.00 per share and will not be traded on any
exchanges.  Therefore, the Company's stock is initially selling at $0.01 per
share they will become subject to the penny stock rules and investors may
find it more difficult to sell their securities, should they desire to do so.


PROPERTIES

The Company's corporate headquarters are located at:  1314 S. Brand Blvd,
Suite 2-176, Spokane, WA  99202, Phone:  (509)-744-8590.  The office space
is provided by the officer of the Company at $300 per month.


CURRENT DIRECTORS

The names, ages and positions of the Company's director and executive officer
here follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Name                         Age           Position
- -------------                ---      --------------------------
<S>                          <C>      <C>
Cindy K Swank                52       President, Chief Executive
                                      Officer, Chief Financial
                                      Officer, and Director

Tim Kuh                      27       Vice President and Director

Wong Wah On Edward           37       Secretary/Treasurer and Director
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                    8

<PAGE>


Biography of Cindy Swank, President and Director
- ------------------------------------------------

Cindy Swank was elected to the offices of President/Treasurer and director
in March 2003.  From January 1999 through March 2003, she acted as the
Secretary/Treasurer and director of APD Antiquities, Inc. Ms. Swank focuses
on developing sales and marketing programs for the Company's products.  From
1997 through the present, Ms. Swank has been self-employed as a manager-
promoter of her daughter, a singer/stage performer, as well as other
activities in the marketing and reorganization of websites.  She attended
Eastern Washington University in Cheney, WA and has awards for her
accomplishments and creativity in the design industry.  Ms. Swank founded,
owned and managed Daisy's Bloomers, from 1990 until 1997, when she sold
the business to L&L Limited Partnership.  The principle business of
Daisy's Bloomers was retail sales of flowers and gifts.

Additionally, Ms. Swank has had affiliations with other corporations over
the past 5 years.  She is currently, or was at one time, affiliated with:

o  Desaldais, Inc.: president and registered agent, January 1999 - January
   2000.  This corporation was formed with the plan to provide promotion and
   management services in the music, film and television industries.  The
   corporation has been administratively dissolved.

o  Helping Kids Help Themselves Association: registered agent, June 1997 -
   Present.  This nonprofit corporation was formed to collect donations from
   the community and incorporate the donations into programs to find
   permanent jobs for children with special needs, with training from local
   school districts and community colleges.  The corporation is not
   conducting business at this time.

o  Historical Autographs U.S.A., Inc.: secretary and treasurer, February
   1999 - 2003. This is a reporting company that was in the business of
   acquiring, marketing and sales of historical autographs and memorabilia.

o  Intermark Development Corporation: secretary.  This corporation was
   formed for the purpose of promoting overseas business ventures.  The
   corporation has been administratively dissolved.

o  Neodontics, Inc.: secretary & treasurer, 1987 - Present.  This
   corporation was formed in November of 1981 for the express purpose of
   developing and marketing dental implant technology.  The corporation
   was unsuccessful in this market.  The Corporation is not conducting
   business activities at this time.

o  Swanky, Inc.: president and registered agent, February 1998 - Present.
   This corporation was formed to provide promotion and management services
   to clients in the music, film and television industries.  The corporation
   is not currently conducting business.

                                    9

<PAGE>

Biography of Tim Kuh, Vice President and Director
- -------------------------------------------------

Mr. Tim Kuh, Vice President and director of APD Antiquities, Inc. was elected
to these offices in December of 2004.  Mr. Kuh obtained his Bachelor Degree in
International Affairs from Eastern Washington University in 2004.  Mr. Kuh was
been employed by Horizon/Alaska Airlines from 1999 until November 2004.  He is
currently employed by Triax Capital Management, Inc. as their operations
manager.  Mr. Kuh resides in Spokane, Washington and will assist the company
in operations and administrative activities.


Biography of Wong Wah On Edward, Secretary/Treasurer and Director
- -----------------------------------------------------------------

Mr. Wong Wah On Edward, Secretary and director of APD Antiquities, Inc., was
elected to these offices in March 2003.  Mr. Wong obtained his professional
diploma in Company Secretaryship and Administration from the Hong Kong
Polytechnic University in 1988 and is an associate of the Chartered Association
of Certified Accountants, the Hong Kong Society of Accountants, and the
Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators.  He is also a certified
public accountant in Hong Kong.  He joined Ernst & Young Hong Kong following
his graduation and worked as audit supervisor until late 1992.  Thereafter, he
commenced private practice in Hong Kong and is a partner in the firm of Tam
& Wong CPA.  Mr. Wong is also currently a shareholder, director and Financial
Controller of China Resources Development, Inc. (CHRB), a company listed on
Nasdaq SmallCap market.  Mr. Wong currently resides in Hong Kong and assists
the company in purchasing antiques as an agent for the company.  He helps the
Company find qualified suppliers of antiques.


EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

As a result of our the Company's current limited available cash, no officer
or director received annual compensation during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2003.  APD Antiquities intends to pay salaries when cash flow permits.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLES
                         ------------------------------------------------------
                                        Annual Compensation
                         ------------------------------------------------------
     Name and                                          Other Annual
Principal Position  Year    Salary ($)     Bonus ($)   Compensation ($)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                <C>      <C>            <C>           <C>
Cindy Swank(1)
    Director &
    President      2004     -0-            -0-        $2,310.00
                   2003     -0-            -0-           -0-
                   2002     -0-            -0-        $  824.08
                   2001     -0-            -0-        $  883.44

Tim Kuh
    VP             2004     -0-            -0-           -0-
    Director

Wong Wah On Edward(1)
    Secretary      2004     -0-            -0-         $2,310.00
    Director       2003     -0-            -0-           -0-
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1)  As of June 1, 2001 the directors/officers elected to temporarily
forgo payment of commissions by the Company and instead allow commissions to
accrue on the books of the Company.  From June 1, 2001 through September 30,
2004, commissions payable totaled $6,227.52.

</TABLE>

                                  10
<PAGE>


Long Term Compensation Table

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                       --------------------------------------------------------
                                        Long Term Compensation
                       --------------------------------------------------------
                                    Awards             Payouts
                       --------------------------------------------------------
                        Restricted  Stock Securities      LTIP      All Other
Name and Principal      Award(s)($) Underlying Options/   Payouts   Compensation
     Position     Year              SARs(#)               ($)       ($)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                <C>     <C>           <C>                <C>      <C>
Cindy Swank
    Director
    President,
    Treasurer      2004    -0-           -0-                -0-       -0-
                   2003    -0-           -0-                -0-       -0-
                   2002    -0-           -0-                -0-       -0-
Tim Kuh
    Vice President
    Director       2004    -0-           -0-                -0-       -0-

Wong Wah On Edward(1)
    Secretary
    Director       2004    -0-           -0-                -0-       -0-
                   2003    -0-           -0-                -0-       -0-
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>

2001 Stock Option Plan
- ----------------------

On January 15, 2001, The APD board of directors adopted the 2001 Stock Option
Plan (the "Plan") as a means of increasing employees', board of advisors,
consultants' and non-employee directors' proprietary interest and to align
more closely their interests with the interests of our stockholders.  The
Plan should also increase APD's ability to attract and retain the services of
experienced and highly qualified employees and non-employee directors.

Under the Plan, APD has reserved an aggregate of one million (1,000,000)
shares of common stock for issuance pursuant to options ("Plan Options").  The
board of directors or a committee of our board of directors consisting of
non-employee directors (the "Committee") will administer the Plan, including,
without limitation, the selection of the persons who will be granted Plan
Options under the Plan, the type of Plan Options to be granted, the number
of shares subject to each Plan Option and the Plan Option price.


                                    11

<PAGE>


The Company currently does not have employment agreements with its executive
officer.  The sole officer/director of the Company has agreed to take no salary
until the Company can generate enough revenues to support salaries on a regular
basis.  The officer will not be compensated for services previously provided.
She will only be compensated at the time the Company can generate enough
revenues to support salaries on a regular basis.  She will receive no accrued
remuneration.


Compensation of Directors
- -------------------------

No director receives any fee, salary or commission for service as a director.
In addition, no such arrangement is contemplated for the foreseeable future.


MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

Market Information

APD Antiquities Common Stock, $0.001 par value, is not traded on any market
Medium.

DESCRIPTION OF APD ANTIQUITIES SECURITIES

In accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
APD Antiquities is authorized to issue up to 70,000,000 shares of
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $0.001  per share.  As of December 27, 2004, there were
1,448,000 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding.  There is no
Preferred Stock issued or outstanding.


APD ANTIQUITIES COMMON STOCK

     As of December 27, 2004, there were 1,448,000 shares of Common Stock
issued and outstanding.  This number reflects a four-for-one forward stock
split which took place in December, 2004.  There are no outstanding stock
options or warrants.

(1)  Description of Rights and Liabilities of Common Stockholders

i.  Dividend Rights - The holders of outstanding shares of common stock are
entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally available therefore at
such times and in such amounts as the Board of Directors of the Company may
from time to time determine.  The board of directors of the Company will
review its dividend policy from time to time to determine the desirability
and feasibility of paying dividends after giving consideration the Company's
earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and such other factors
as the board may deem relevant.


                                    12

<PAGE>

ii.  Voting Rights - Each holder of the Company's common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to the
vote of stockholders, including the election of directors.  All voting is
noncumulative, which means that the holder of fifty percent (50%) of the
shares voting for the election of the directors can elect all the directors.
The board of directors may issue shares for consideration of previously
authorized but unissued common stock without future stockholder action.

iii.  Liquidation Rights - Upon liquidation, the holders of the common stock
are entitled to receive pro rata all of the assets of the Company available
for distribution to such holders.

iv.  Preemptive Rights - Holders of common stock are not entitled to
preemptive rights.

v.  Conversion Rights - No shares of common stock are currently subject to
outstanding options, warrants, or other convertible securities.

vi.  Redemption rights - no such rights exist for shares of common stock.

vii.  Sinking Fund Provisions - No sinking fund provisions exist.

viii.  Further Liability For Calls - No shares of common stock are subject
to further call or assessment by the issuer.  The Company has not issued
stock options as of the date of this registration statement.

(2)  Potential Liabilities of Common Stockholders to State and Local
     Authorities

No material potential liabilities are anticipated to be imposed on stock-
holders under state statutes.  Certain Nevada regulations, however, require
regulation of beneficial owners of more than 5% of the voting securities.
Stockholders that fall into this category, therefore, may be subject to
fines in circumstances where non-compliance with these regulations are
established.

B.  Preferred Stock

The authorized preferred stock of the corporation consists of 5,000,000
shares with a par value of $0.001 per share.

The Company has not issued any preferred stock to date, nor have they
developed the descriptive attributes of these preferred shares.  The Company
can issue shares of preferred stock in series with such preferences and
designations as its board of directors may determine.  The board of
directors can, without shareholder approval, issue preferred stock with
voting, dividend, liquidation, and conversion rights.  This could dilute
the voting strength of the holders of common stock and may help the
APD's management impede a takeover or attempted change in control.

The Common Stock and/or Preferred Stock of the Company may be issued from
time to time without prior approval by the stockholders.  The Common Stock
and/or Preferred Stock may be issued for such consideration as may be fixed
from time to time by the Board of Directors.  The Board of Directors may issue

                                    13
<PAGE>

such shares of Common and/or Preferred Stock in one or more series, with such
voting powers, designations, preferences and rights or qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof as shall be stated in the resolution of
resolutions.

ITEM 5.01  CHANGES IN CONTROL OF REGISTRANT

(a)  Pursuant to Rule 12g-3(g) of the General Rules and Regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission, APD is the successor issuer to GCJ for
reporting purposes under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Act").  The purpose of this transaction was for APD Antiquities to succeed to
the registration status of GCJ under the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 12g-3.
GCJ, a reporting company was not engaged in any business.  It was incorporated
for the purpose of becoming a fully reporting company and subsequently finding
a merger candidate.  APD Antiquities, Inc. directors and officers became the
directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation.  The sole director and
officer of GCJ resigned.  Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement and Plan of
Merger the Articles and By-laws of GCJ become the Articles and By-Laws of the
Surviving Corporation.

(b)  The following table sets forth information concerning stock ownership as
of December 27, 2004 for (i) each director, (ii) each executive officer, (iii)
the directors and officers of the Company as a group, (iv) and each person
known by the Company to own beneficially more than five percent (5%) of the
Common Stock of the Company.  Unless otherwise indicated, the owners have
sole voting and investment power with respect to their respective shares.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Amount
Title     Name and Address                           of shares      Percent
of        of Beneficial                              held by          of
Class     Owner of Shares            Position        Owner          Class(1)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>        <C>                      <C>             <C>            <C>
Common     Cindy K. Swank(2)        President       200,004        13.81%
                                    Treasurer
                                    Director
Common     Wong Wah On Edward(3)    Secretary,          0           0.00%
                                    Director
Common     Raymond J. Kuh(4)        Shareholder     200,004        13.81%
Common     Peter Yauschew(5)        Shareholder     133,732         9.23%
Common     Merridy Buttice(6)       Shareholder     133,732         9.23%
Common     Peter Schmid(7)          Shareholder     133,732         9.23%
Common     Klaus Lewin(8)           Shareholder     133,732         9.23%
Common     Jutta Radtke(9)          Shareholder     133,332         9.20%
Common     Donna Street(10)         Shareholder     133,331         9.20%
Common     Tim Kuh (11)             Vice President        0         0.00
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
All Executive Officers, Directors
 as a Group (3 persons)                             200,004        13.81%

</TABLE>

                                    14
<PAGE>



(1)  The percentages listed in the Percent of Class column are based upon
     1,448,000 issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock.  This number
     of shares outstanding reflects a December 15, 2004 four-for-one forward
     stock split.
(2)  Cindy K. Swank, 1314 S. Brand Blvd, Suite 2-176, Spokane, WA.  99202.
(3)  Wong Wah On Edward, 1314 S. Brand Blvd, Suite 2-176, Spokane, WA.  99202.
(4)  Raymond J. Kuh, 528 E. Ermina Ave, Spokane, WA  99207.
(5)  Peter Yauschew, Oberaschauer Str. 2, Grabenstatt, Chiemsee 83355, Germany.
(6)  Merridy Buttice, 914 Hobson, Walla Walla, WA  99362.
(7)  Peter Schmid, Wiesenweg 7, Aying 85653, Germany.
(8)  Klaus Lewin, Eleonorenstrasse 2, Zurich 8028, Switzerland.
(9)  Jutta Radtke, Bonner Strasse 358, Cologne  50968, Germany.
(10) Donna Street, PO Box 216, Rockford, WA  99030.
(11) Tim Kuh, 1104 S Jefferson St., #301, Spokane, WA  99204.


ITEM 5.02  DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS;
           APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPAL OFFICERS

On December 27, 2004, GCJ accepted the resignations of Jeffrey Chad Guidry as
Officer and Director and Cindy Swank became the President and Director, Tim Kuh
became the Vice President and Director and Wong Wah On Edward became the
Secretary-Treasurer and director of the Registrant.

Pursuant to the merger, the Officers and Directors of APD, the successor
corporation, will remain the same.  (See Exhibit 2.1 "Merger Agreement".)


5.03  AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OR BYLAWS

In accordance with the Articles of Merger, GCJ, Inc., the Registrant, will
Change its corporate name to APD Antiquities, Inc.


ITEM 8.01  OTHER EVENTS

Successor Issuer.

Based on the change of ownership in the Registrant, the Corporation's mailing
address and business address have been changed from 8425 Bay Point Dr., Las
Vegas, NV 89128 to 1314 S. Brand Blvd, Suite 2-176, Spokane, WA  99202, Phone
Number:  (509)-744-8590, effective December 27, 2004.

Pursuant to Rule 12g-3(g) of the General Rules and Regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission, the APD Antiquities is the successor
issuer to GCJ for reporting purposes under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934.  APD Antiquities, Inc. intends to file an annual report as required
under Rule 12g-3(g).





                                  15
<PAGE>



ITEM 9.01  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

     Audited financial statements of APD are filed herewith along with
Proforma financial statements.



EXHIBITS

2.1*   Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger between APD Antiquities,
       Inc. and GCJ, Inc.
99.2*  The required financial statements of APD Antiquities, Inc. for
       the periods specified in Rule 3-05(b) of Regulation S-X are included
       herein.  (See Exhibit 99.3)
       The pro forma financial statements of APD Antiquities, Inc.
       required pursuant to Article 11 of Regulation S-X are included herein.
       The pro forma data is presented for informational purposes only and may
       not be indicative of future results of operations and the future
       financial position of the Company.  The pro forma financial information
       should be read in conjunction with the historic financial statements
       of the Company and notes thereto.  (See Exhibit 99.3)

- ---------------
*Filed herewith


                                 SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this Current Report on Form 8-K to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                            APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
                                            (formerly GCJ, Inc.)

Date: December 29, 2004
                                            By  /s/ Cindy K. Swank
                                            ----------------------
                                                    Cindy K. Swank
                                                    President


                                  16
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit2-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
<TEXT>
Exhibit2-1.  ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

Exhibit 2.1

                  ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                         DATED AS OF DECEMBER 27, 2004

                                   BETWEEN

                            APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.

                                     AND

                                  GCJ, INC.

TABLE OF CONTENTS


ARTICLE 1. The Merger
  Section 1.1.                                             The Merger
  Section 1.2.                                        The Acquisition
  Section 1.3.                                         Effective Time
  Section 1.4.                                  Closing of the Merger
  Section 1.5.                                  Effects of the Merger
  Section 1.6.                 Board of Directors and Officers of APD
  Section 1.7.             Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action

ARTICLE 2. Representations and Warranties of APD
  Section 2.1.                         Organization and Qualification
  Section 2.2.                                  Capitalization of APD
  Section 2.3.   Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation
  Section 2.4.                      SEC Reports; Financial Statements
  Section 2.5.                                   Information Supplied
  Section 2.6.                  Consents and Approvals; No Violations
  Section 2.7.                                             No Default
  Section 2.8.         No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes
  Section 2.9.                                             Litigation
  Section 2.10.                        Compliance with Applicable Law
  Section 2.11.                 Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters
  Section 2.12.                    Environmental Laws and Regulations
  Section 2.13.                                           Tax Matters
  Section 2.14.                                     Title To Property
  Section 2.15.                                 Intellectual Property
  Section 2.16.                                             Insurance
  Section 2.17.                                         Vote Required
  Section 2.18.                                         Tax Treatment
  Section 2.19.                                            Affiliates
  Section 2.20.                            Certain Business Practices
  Section 2.21.                                     Insider Interests
  Section 2.22.                          Opinion of Financial Adviser
  Section 2.23.                                               Brokers
  Section 2.24.                                            Disclosure
  Section 2.25.                                No Existing Discussion

<PAGE>


ARTICLE 3. Representations and Warranties of GCJ.
  Section 3.1.                         Organization and Qualification
  Section 3.2.                                  Capitalization of GCJ
  Section 3.3.   Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation
  Section 3.4.                      SEC Reports; Financial Statements
  Section 3.5.                                   Information Supplied
  Section 3.6.                  Consents and Approvals; No Violations
  Section 3.7.                                             No Default
  Section 3.8          No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes
  Section 3.9.                                             Litigation
  Section 3.10.                        Compliance with Applicable Law
  Section 3.11.                 Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters
  Section 3.12.                    Environmental Laws and Regulations
  Section 3.13.                                           Tax Matters
  Section 3.14.                                     Title to Property
  Section 3.15.                                 Intellectual Property
  Section 3.16.                                             Insurance
  Section 3.17.                                         Vote Required
  Section 3.18.                                         Tax Treatment
  Section 3.19.                                            Affiliates
  Section 3.20.                            Certain Business Practices
  Section 3.21.                                     Insider Interests
  Section 3.22.                          Opinion of Financial Adviser
  Section 3.23.                                               Brokers
  Section 3.24.                                            Disclosure
  Section 3.25.                               No Existing Discussions

ARTICLE 4. Covenants
  Section 4.1.                             Conduct of Business of APD
  Section 4.2.                             Conduct of Business of GCJ
  Section 4.3.                                     Preparation of 8-K
  Section 4.4.                              Other Potential Acquirers
  Section 4.5.                                    NASD OTC:BB Listing
  Section 4.6.                                  Access to Information
  Section 4.7.                  Additional events; Reasonable Efforts
  Section 4.8.                                        Indemnification
  Section 4.9.                        Notification of Certain Matters

ARTICLE 5. Conditions to Consummation of the Merger
  Section 5.1.                  Conditions to each Party's Obligation
  Section 5.2.                   Conditions to the Obligations of APD
  Section 5.3.                   Conditions to the Obligations of GCJ

<PAGE>

ARTICLE 6. Termination; Amendment; Waiver
  Section 6.1.                                            Termination
  Section 6.2.                                  Effect of Termination
  Section 6.3.                                      Fees and Expenses
  Section 6.4.                                              Amendment
  Section 6.5.                                      Extension; Waiver

ARTICLE 7. Miscellaneous
  Section 7.1.          Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties
  Section 7.2.                           Entire Agreement; Assignment
  Section 7.3.                                               Validity
  Section 7.4.                                                Notices
  Section 7.5.                                          Governing Law
  Section 7.6.                                   Descriptive Headings
  Section 7.7.                                    Parties in Interest
  Section 7.8.                                    Certain Definitions
  Section 7.9.                                     Personal Liability
  Section 7.10.                                  Specific Performance
  Section 7.11.                                          Counterparts

<PAGE>

                  ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER


     This  Agreement and Plan of Merger (this "Agreement"), dated as of
December 27, 2004, is between APD ANTIQUITIES, INC., a Nevada corporation
("APD"), and GCJ, INC., a Nevada corporation ("GCJ").

     Whereas, the Boards of Directors of APD and GCJ each have, in light of
and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (i) determined that
the Merger (as defined below) is fair to their respective stockholders and in
the  best interests  of such stockholders and (ii) approved the Acquisition
Agreement and Plan of Merger in accordance with this Agreement;

     Whereas, for Federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger
qualify  as  a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"); and

     Whereas, APD and GCJ desire to make certain representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe
various conditions to the Merger.

     Now, therefore, in consideration of the promises and the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, APD and GCJ hereby agree as follows:

                                  ARTICLE I

                                 The Merger

     Section  1.1. The Merger. At the Effective Time (as defined below) and
upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in
accordance  with the General Corporation Law of the State  of  Nevada  (the
"NGCL"), GCJ shall be merged with and into APD (as defined below) (the
"Merger").  Following the Merger, APD shall continue as the surviving
corporation (the "Successor Corporation"), shall continue to be governed by
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and the
separate corporate existence of GCJ shall cease to exist.  The Successor
Corporation shall continue to adapt its original Articles and By-laws.
The Successor Corporation is named APD ANTIQUITIES, INC., a Nevada
corporation.  The Merger is intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization
under Section 368 of the Code as relates to the non-cash exchange of stock
referenced herein.

     Section 1.2.  The Acquisition.   APD shall purchase for cash all of the
issued and outstanding shares of GCJ.  GCJ has 430,000 common shares issued and
outstanding to one shareholder.  This shareholder has agreed to sell and APD
has agreed to purchase all 430,000 shares for cash at par value $0.001 for a
total of $3,600.  Once APD purchases all of the common shares of GCJ, APD
will have complete ownership of GCJ.

     Section  1.3.  Effective Time. Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement, a Certificate of Merger (the "Merger Certificate")
shall be duly executed and acknowledged by each of GCJ and APD, and
thereafter the Merger Certificate reflecting the Merger shall be delivered to
the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada for filing pursuant to the NGCL
on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.3).  The Merger shall become
effective at such time as a properly executed and certified copy of the
Merger Certificate is duly filed by the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada in accordance with the NGCL or such later time as the parties
may agree upon and set forth in the Merger Certificate (the time at which
the Merger becomes effective shall be referred to herein a the "Effective
Time").

     Section  1.4.  Closing of the Merger.  The closing of the Merger (the
"Closing") will take place at a time and on a date to be specified by the
parties, which shall be no later than the second business day after
satisfaction of the latest to occur of the conditions set forth in Article 5
(the "Closing Date"), at the law offices of Thomas C. Cook, 2921 N. Tenaya
Way, Suite 234, Las Vegas, NV  89128, unless another time, date or place is
agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.

     Section  1.5. Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects
set forth in the NGCL.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the properties, rights,
privileges, powers of GCJ shall vest in the Successor Corporation,
and all debts, liabilities and duties of GCJ shall become the debts,
liabilities and duties of the Successor Corporation.


<PAGE>

     Section 1.6. Board of Directors and Officers of APD.  At or prior to the
Effective  Time, each of GCJ and APD agrees to take such action as is
necessary (i) to cause the number of directors comprising the full Board of
Directors of APD to remain the same.

     Section 1.7. Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action.  If, at any time
after  the Effective Time, GCJ or APD reasonably determines that any deeds,
assignments, or instruments or confirmations of transfer are necessary or
desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest APD with
full right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges,
powers and franchises of GCJ, the officers and directors of APD and GCJ are
fully authorized in the name of their respective corporations or otherwise to
take, and will take, all such lawful and necessary or desirable action.

                                  ARTICLE 2

                   Representations and Warranties of APD

     Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule delivered by APD to GCJ
(the "APD Disclosure Schedule"), APD hereby represents and warrants to GCJ
as follows:

     Section 2.1. Organization and Qualification.

     (a)  APD is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, has
approximately 42 or more round lot (100 or more shares) stockholders and has
all requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties
and to carry on its businesses as now being conducted, except where the
failure to be so organized, existing and in good standing or to have such
power and authority would not have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined
below) on APD.  When used in connection with APD, the term "Material
Adverse Effect" means any change or effect (i) that is or is reasonably likely
to be materially adverse to the business, results of operations, condition
(financial or otherwise) or prospects of APD, other than any change or
effect arising out of general economic conditions unrelated to any business
in which APD is engaged, or (ii) that may impair the ability of APD to
perform its obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby.

     (b) APD has heretofore delivered to GCJ accurate and complete copies of
the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws (or similar governing documents), as
currently in effect, of APD.  Except as set forth on Schedule 2.1 of the APD
Disclosure Schedule, APD is duly qualified or licensed and in good standing
to do business in each jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or
operated by it or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such
qualification or licensing necessary, except in such jurisdictions where the
failure to be so duly qualified or licensed and in good standing would not
have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.

     Section 2.2. Capitalization of APD.

     (a)  The authorized capital stock of APD consists of: (i) Seventy Million
(70,000,000) Authorized Shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value, 1,448,000
Common shares are issued and outstanding as of December 27, 2004, and held by
approximately 42 or more round lot (100 or more shares) stockholders; (ii)
Five Million (5,000,000) Authorized Shares of Preferred  Stock, $0.001
par value, no Preferred Shares have been issued.  Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement APD will not issue any shares to GCJ, and purchase the 430,000
issued and outstanding of GCJ for cash at par value of $0.001 per share.  All
of the outstanding APD Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued,
and are fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.  Except as
set forth herein, as of the date hereof, there are no outstanding (i) shares
of capital stock or other voting  securities of APD, (ii) securities of
APD convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock  or voting
securities of APD, (iii) options or other rights to acquire from APD, except
as set forth in 2.2(a) of the Disclosure Schedule, and, no obligations of
APD to issue, any capital stock, voting securities or securities
convertible  into or exchangeable for capital  stock or voting securities of
APD, and (iv) equity equivalents, interests in the ownership or earnings
of APD or other similar rights (collectively, "APD Securities").  As
of the date hereof, except as set forth on Schedule  2.2(a) of  the APD
Disclosure Schedule there are no outstanding obligations of APD or its
subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise  acquire  any  APD
Securities or stockholder agreements, voting trusts or other agreements or
understandings to which APD is a party or by which it is bound  relating to
the voting or registration of any shares of capital stock of APD.  For
purposes of this Agreement, "Lien" means, with respect to any asset
(including, without limitation, any security) any mortgage, lien, pledge,
charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of  such
asset.

<PAGE>

     (b)  The APD Shares constitute the only class of equity securities of
APD registered or required to be registered under the Exchange Act.

     (c)  APD does not own directly or indirectly more than fifty percent
(50%) of the outstanding voting securities or interests (including membership
interests) of any entity, other than as specifically disclosed in the
disclosure documents.

     Section 2.3. Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation. APD
has  all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  The
execution  and  delivery  of  this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by the
Board of Directors of APD (the "APD Board") and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of APD are necessary to authorize this Agreement or
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.  This Agreement has been
duly and validly  executed and delivered by APD and constitutes a valid,
legal and  binding agreement of APD, enforceable against APD in accordance
with its terms.

     Section  2.4. SEC Reports; Financial Statements.  SEC Reports; Financial
Statements.

     (a)   APD has not filed any reports with the U. S. Securities and
Exchange Commission.

     Section  2.5. Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or
to be supplied by APD for inclusion or incorporation by reference in
connection with the Merger will at the date presented to the stockholder of
GCJ and at the times of the meeting or meetings of stockholders of APD to be
held in connection with the Merger, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.

     Section 2.6. Consents and Approvals; No Violations. Except for filings,
permits, authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under, and
other applicable requirements of, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, state
securities or blue sky laws, the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
of 1916, as amended (the "HSR Act"), the rules of the National Association
of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD"), the filing and recordation of the

<PAGE>

Merger Certificate as required by the NGCL, and as set forth on Schedule 2.6
of  the  APD Disclosure Schedule no filing with or notice to, and no permit,
authorization, consent or approval of, any court or tribunal or
administrative, governmental or regulatory body, agency or authority (a
"Governmental Entity") is necessary for the execution and delivery by APD of
this Agreement or the consummation by APD of the transactions contemplated
hereby, except where the failure to obtain such permits,  authorizations,
consents  or approvals or to make such filings or give such notice would  not
have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.

     Except as set forth in Section 2.6 of the APD Disclosure Schedule,
neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by APD nor
the consummation by APD of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i)
conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the respective
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or similar governing documents) of APD,
(ii) result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without  due
notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to  any  right of
termination, amendment, cancellation or acceleration or Lien) under, any of
the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
lease, license, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to
which APD is a party or by which any of its properties or assets  may  be
bound, or (iii) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, law, statute,
rule or regulation applicable to APD or any of its properties or assets,
except in the case of (ii) or (iii) for violations, breaches  or  defaults
which would not have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.

     Section 2.7. No Default. Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of the APD
Disclosure Schedule, APD is not in breach, default or violation (and no
event has occurred which with notice or the lapse of time or both would
constitute a breach default or violation) of any term, condition or provision
of (i) its Articles of Incorporation or  Bylaws (or similar governing
documents), (ii) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license,
contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which APD is now  a
party or by which any of its respective properties or assets may be bound  or
(iii) any order, writ injunction, decree, law, statute, rule or regulation
applicable to APD or any of its respective properties or assets, except in
the case of (ii) or (iii) for violations, breaches or defaults that would not
have a Material Adverse Effect on APD. Except as set forth in Section 2.7 of
the APD Disclosure Schedule, each note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease,
license, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which APD
is now a party or by which its respective properties or assets may be bound
that is material to APD and that has not expired is in full force and effect
and is not subject to any material default thereunder of which APD is aware
by any party obligated to APD thereunder.

     Section 2.8. No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes. Except as
and to the extent disclosed in the December 31,  1999  audited  financial
statements, none of APD or its subsidiaries had any liabilities or
obligations of any nature, whether or not accrued, contingent or otherwise,
that would be required by generally accepted accounting principles to be
reflected on a consolidated balance sheet of APD and its consolidated
subsidiaries (including the notes thereto) or which would  have a Material
Adverse Effect on APD. Except as disclosed by APD, none of APD or its
subsidiaries has incurred any liabilities of any  nature, whether or not
accrued, contingent or otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to have,
and there have been no events, changes or effects with respect to APD or its
subsidiaries having or which could reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect on APD. Except as and to the extent disclosed by APD there
has not been (i) any material change by APD in its accounting methods,
principles or practices (other than as required after the date hereof by
concurrent changes in generally accepted accounting principles), (ii) any
revaluation by APD of any of its assets having a Material Adverse Effect on
APD, including, without limitation, any write-down of the value of  any
assets other than in the ordinary course of business or (iii) any  other
action or event that would have required the consent of any other party
hereto pursuant to Section 4.2 of this Agreement had such action or event
occurred after the date of this Agreement.

     Section 2.9. Litigation. Except as set forth in Schedule 2.9 of the APD
Disclosure Schedule there is no suit, claim, action, proceeding or
investigation pending or, to the knowledge of APD, threatened against APD
or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets
before any Governmental Entity which, individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on APD or could
reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except as disclosed by APD,
none of APD or its subsidiaries is subject to any outstanding order, writ,
injunction or decree which, insofar as can be reasonably foreseen in the
future, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
APD or could reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby.

<PAGE>

     Section 2.10. Compliance with Applicable Law. Except as disclosed by
APD, APD and its subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances,
exemptions, orders and approvals of all Governmental Entities necessary for
the lawful conduct of their respective businesses (the "APD Permits"),
except for failures to hold such permits, licenses, variances, exemptions,
orders and approvals which would not have a Material Adverse Effect on  APD.
Except as disclosed by APD, APD and its subsidiaries are in compliance with
the terms of the APD Permits, except where the failure so to comply would
not have a Material Adverse Effect on APD. Except as disclosed by APD, the
businesses of APD and its subsidiaries are not being conducted in violation
of any law, ordinance or regulation of any Governmental Entity except that no
representation or warranty is made in this Section 2.10 with respect to
Environmental Laws and except for violations or possible violations which do
not, and, insofar as reasonably can be foreseen, in the future will not, have
a Material Adverse Effect on APD. Except as disclosed by APD no
investigation or review by any Governmental Entity with respect to APD or
its subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of APD, threatened, nor, to
the knowledge of APD, has any Governmental Entity indicated an intention to
conduct the same, other than, in each case, those which APD reasonably
believes will not have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.

     Section 2.11. Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters.

     (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.11(a) of the APD Disclosure
Schedule with respect to each employee benefit plan, program, policy,
arrangement and contract (including, without limitation, any "employee
benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")), maintained or contributed to at
any time by APD or any entity required to be aggregated with APD pursuant
to Section 414 of the Code (each, a "APD Employee Plan"), no event has
occurred and to the knowledge of APD, no condition or set of circumstances
exists in connection with which APD could reasonably be expected to be
subject to any liability which would have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.

     (b) (i) No APD Employee Plan is or has been subject to Title IV of
ERISA or Section 412 of the Code; and (ii) each APD Employee Plan intended
to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust intended to
qualify under Section 501(a) of the Code is the subject of a favorable
Internal Revenue Service determination letter, and nothing has occurred which
could reasonably be expected to adversely affect such determination.

     (c) Section 2.11(c) of the APD Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true
and complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each person who holds
any APD Stock Options, together with the number of APD Shares  which are
subject to such option, the date of grant of such option, the extent to which
such option is vested (or will become vested as a result of the Merger), the
option price of such option (to the extent determined as of the date hereof),
whether such option is a nonqualified stock option or is intended to qualify
as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section  422(b) of the
Code, and the expiration date of such option. Section 2.11(c) of the APD
Disclosure Schedule also sets forth the total number of such incentive stock
options and such nonqualified options. APD has furnished GCJ with complete
copies of the plans pursuant to which the APD Stock Options were issued.
Other than the automatic vesting of APD Stock Options that may occur without
any action on the part of APD or its officers or directors, APD has not
taken any action that would result in any APD Stock Options that are
unvested becoming vested in connection with or as a result of the execution
and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

     (d) There shall be no payment, accrual of additional benefits,
acceleration of payments, or vesting in any benefit under any APD Employee
Plan or any agreement or arrangement disclosed under this Section 2.11 solely
by reason of entering into or in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.
<PAGE>

     (e)  There are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of APD,
threatened, between APD and any of their employees, which controversies have
or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.
Neither APD nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to any collective
bargaining agreement or other labor union contract applicable to persons
employed by APD or any of its subsidiaries (and neither APD nor any of its
subsidiaries has any outstanding material liability with respect to any
terminated collective bargaining agreement or labor union contract), nor does
APD know of any activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any
of its or employees.  APD has no knowledge of any strike, slowdown, work
stoppage, lockout or threat thereof, by or with respect to any of its
employees.

     Section 2.12. Environmental Laws and Regulations.

     (a)  Except as publicly disclosed by APD in the APD SEC Reports,  (i)
APD is in material compliance with all applicable federal, state, local  and
foreign laws  and regulations relating to pollution or protection of human
health or the environment (including, without limitation, ambient air,
surface water, ground water, land surface or subsurface strata)
(collectively, "Environmental Laws"), except for non-compliance that would
not have a Material Adverse Effect on APD, which compliance includes, but is
not limited to, the possession by APD of all material permits and other
governmental authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws, and
compliance with the terms and conditions thereof; (ii) APD has not received
written notice of, or, to the knowledge of APD, is the subject of, any
action, cause of action, claim, investigation, demand or notice by any person
or entity  alleging liability under or non-compliance with any Environmental
Law (an ``Environmental Claim") that could reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on APD; and (iii) to the knowledge of APD, there
are no circumstances that are reasonably likely to prevent or interfere with
such material compliance in the future.

     (b)  Except as publicly disclosed by APD, there are no Environmental
Claims which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on APD that are pending or, to the knowledge of APD, threatened against
APD or, to the knowledge of APD, against any person or entity whose
liability for any Environmental Claim APD has or may have retained or
assumed either contractually or by operation of law.

     Section 2.13.  Tax Matters.

     (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.13 of the APD Disclosure Schedule:
(i)  APD has filed or has had filed on its behalf in a timely manner (within
any applicable  extension periods) with the appropriate Governmental Entity
all income and other material Tax Returns (as defined herein) with respect to
Taxes (as defined herein) of APD and all Tax Returns were in all material
respects true, complete and correct; (ii) all material Taxes with respect to
APD have been paid in full or have been provided for in accordance with GAAP
on APD's most recent balance sheet which is part of the APD SEC Documents.
(iii) there are no outstanding agreements or waivers extending the statutory
period of limitations applicable to any federal, state, local or foreign
income or other material Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect
to APD;  (iv) to the knowledge of APD none of the Tax Returns of or with
respect to APD is currently being audited or examined by any  Governmental
Entity; and (v) no deficiency for any income or other material Taxes has been
assessed with respect to APD which has not been abated or paid in full.

     (b)  For purposes of this Agreement, (i) "Taxes" shall mean all  taxes,
charges, fees, levies or other assessments, including, without limitation,
income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, goods and services, capital,
transfer, franchise, profits, license, withholding, payroll, employment,
employer health, excise, estimated, severance, stamp, occupation, property or
other taxes, customs duties, fees, assessments or charges of any kind
whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or
additional amounts imposed by any taxing authority and  (ii)  "Tax Return"
shall mean any report, return, documents declaration or other information  or
filing required to be supplied to any taxing authority or jurisdiction with
respect to Taxes.

     Section  2.14. Title to Property. APD has good and defensible title to
all of its properties and assets, free and clear of all liens, charges and
encumbrances except liens for taxes not yet due and payable and such liens or
other imperfections of title, if any, as do not materially detract from the
value of or interfere with the present use of the property affected thereby
or which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse

<PAGE>

Effect on APD; and, to APD's knowledge, all leases pursuant to which APD
leases from others real or personal property are in good standing, valid  and
effective in accordance with their respective terms, and there is not, to the
knowledge of APD, under any of such leases, any existing material default or
event of default (or event which with notice of lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a default and in respect of which APD has not taken adequate
steps to prevent such a default from occurring) except where the lack of such
good  standing, validity and effectiveness, or the existence of such default
or event, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on APD.

     Section 2.15. Intellectual Property.

     (a)  APD owns, or possesses adequate licenses or other valid rights to
use, all existing United States and foreign patents, trademarks, trade names,
service marks, copyrights, trade secrets and applications therefore that are
material to its business as currently conducted  (the  "APD Intellectual
Property Rights").

     (b)  The validity of the APD Intellectual Property Rights and the title
thereto of APD is not being questioned in any litigation to which APD is a
party.

     (c)  Except as set forth in Section 2.15(c) of the APD Disclosure
Schedule, the conduct of the business of APD as now conducted does not, to
APD's knowledge, infringe  any  valid patents,  trademarks, trade names,
service marks or copyrights of others.  The consummation of the transactions
completed hereby will not result in the loss or impairment of any APD
Intellectual Property Rights.

     (d) APD has taken steps it believes appropriate to protect and maintain
its trade secrets as such, except in cases where APD has elected to rely on
patent or copyright protection in lieu of trade secret protection.

     Section 2.16. Insurance. APD currently maintains general liability and
other business insurance.

     Section  2.17.  Vote Required. Approval of this Acquisition Agreement
and Plan of Merger by the Stockholders of APD is not required pursuant to
current Nevada law.

     Section 2.18. Tax Treatment. Neither APD nor, to the knowledge of APD,
any of its affiliates has taken or agreed to take action that would prevent
the Merger from constituting a reorganization qualifying under the provisions
of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     Section  2.19.  Affiliates.  Except for the directors and executive
officers of  APD, each of whom is listed in Section 2.19 of the APD
Disclosure Schedule, there are no persons who, to the knowledge of APD, may
be deemed to be affiliates of APD under Rule 1-02(b) of Regulation S-X of
the SEC (the "APD Affiliates").

     Section 2.20. Certain Business Practices. None of APD or any directors,
officers, agents or employees of APD has (i) used any funds for unlawful
contributions,  gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to
political activity,  (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic
government officials or employees or to foreign or domestic political parties
or campaigns or violated any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
of 1977, as amended (the "FCPA"), or (iii) made any other unlawful payment.

     Section 2.21. Insider Interests. Except as set forth in Section 2.21 of
the APD Disclosure Schedule, neither any officer or director of APD has any
interest in any material property, real or personal, including without
limitation, any computer software or APD Intellectual Property Rights, used
in or pertaining to the business of APD, expect for the ordinary rights of a
stockholder or employee stock option holder.

     Section 2.22. Opinion of Financial Adviser.  No advisers, as of the date
hereof, have delivered to the APD Board a written opinion to the effect
that, as of such date, the exchange ratio contemplated by the Merger is fair
to the holders of APD Shares.

     Section  2.23.  Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker (other
than the APD Financial Adviser, a true and correct copy of whose engagement
agreement has been provided to GCJ) is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or
other  fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated  by
this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of APD.

<PAGE>

     Section 2.24. Disclosure. No representation or warranty of APD in this
Agreement or any certificate, schedule, document or other instrument
furnished or to be furnished to GCJ pursuant hereto or in connection herewith
contains,  as of the date of such representation, warranty or instrument, or
will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or, at the date thereof,
omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary to make any statement
herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under which such statement
is or will be made, not misleading.

     Section  2.25. No Existing Discussions. As of the date hereof, APD is
not engaged, directly or indirectly, in any discussions or negotiations with
any  other  party with respect to any Third Party Acquisition (as defined in
Section 4.4).

                                  ARTICLE 3

                    Representations and Warranties of GCJ

     Except as set forth on the Disclosure Schedule delivered by GCJ to APD
(the "GCJ Disclosure Schedule"), GCJ hereby represents and warrants to APD
as follows:

     Section 3.1. Organization and Qualification.

     (a) Each of GCJ and its subsidiaries is duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation
or organization and has all requisite power and authority to own, lease  and
operate its properties and to carry on its businesses as now being conducted,
except where the failure to be so organized, existing and in good standing or
to have such power and authority would not have a Material Adverse Effect (as
defined below) on GCJ. When used in connection with GCJ, the term "Material
Adverse Effect" means any change or effect (i) that is or is reasonably
likely to be materially adverse to the business, results of operations,
condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of GCJ and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, other than any change or effect arising out of general
economic conditions unrelated to any businesses in which GCJ and its
subsidiaries are engaged, or (ii) that may impair the  ability of GCJ to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

<PAGE>

     (b) GCJ has heretofore delivered to APD accurate and complete copies of
the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws (or similar governing documents), as
currently in effect, of GCJ.  Each of GCJ and its subsidiaries is duly
qualified or licensed and in good standing to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by it or the
nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or licensing
necessary except in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so duly
qualified or licensed and in good standing would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on GCJ.

     Section 3.2. Capitalization of GCJ.

     (a)  As of September 30, 2004, the authorized capital stock of GCJ
consists of Seventy Million (70,000,000) GCJ common Shares, $0.001 par value,
of which 430,000 common Shares are issued and outstanding.  All of the
outstanding GCJ Shares have been duly authorized and validly issued, and are
fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.  GCJ has five million
(5,000,000) Authorized Shares of Preferred  Stock, $0.001 par value, no
Preferred Shares have been issued.

     (b)  Except as set forth in Section 3.2(b) of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule, J. Chad Guidry is the record and beneficial owner of all of the
issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of its subsidiaries.

     (c)  Except as set forth in Section 3.2(c) of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule, between March 30, 2004 (inception) and the date hereof, no shares
of GCJ's capital stock have been issued and no GCJ Stock options have been
granted.  Except as set forth in Section 3.2(a) above, as of the date hereof,
there are no outstanding (i) shares of capital stock or other voting securities
of GCJ, (ii) securities of GCJ or its subsidiaries convertible into or
exchangeable for  shares  of capital stock or voting securities of GCJ, (iii)
options or other rights to acquire from GCJ or its subsidiaries, or obligations
of GCJ or its subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock, voting securities or
securities convertible  into or exchangeable for capital stock or voting
securities of GCJ, or (iv) equity equivalents, interests in the ownership  or
earnings of GCJ or its subsidiaries or other similar rights  (collectively,
"GCJ Securities").  As of the date hereof, there are no outstanding
obligations of GCJ or any of its subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any GCJ Securities.  There are no stockholder agreements,
voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to which GCJ is a party
or  by which it is bound relating to the voting or registration of any shares
of capital stock of GCJ.

     (d) Except as set forth in Section 3.2(d) of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule, there are no securities of GCJ convertible into or exchangeable
for, no options or other rights to acquire from GCJ, and no other contract,
understanding, arrangement or obligation (whether or not contingent)
providing for the issuance or sale, directly or indirectly, of any capital
stock or other ownership interests in, or any other securities of, any
subsidiary of GCJ.

     (e) The GCJ Shares constitute the only class of equity securities of GCJ
or its subsidiaries.

     (f) Except as set forth in Section 3.2(f) of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule, GCJ does not own directly or indirectly any outstanding voting
securities or interests (including membership interests) of any entity.

     Section 3.3. Authority Relative to this Agreement; Recommendation.

     (a) GCJ has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by
the Board of Directors of GCJ (the "GCJ Board"), and no other corporate
proceedings on the part of GCJ are necessary to authorize this Agreement or
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, except, as referred to in
Section 3.17, the approval and adoption of this Agreement by the holders of
at least a majority of the then outstanding GCJ Shares. This Agreement has
been  duly and validly executed and delivered by GCJ and constitutes a valid,
legal and binding agreement of GCJ, enforceable against GCJ in accordance
with its terms.

     (b) The GCJ Board has resolved to recommend that the sole stockholder of
GCJ approved and adopted this Agreement.

<PAGE>

     Section 3.4. SEC Reports; Financial Statements.

     (a) GCJ has filed all required forms, reports and documents with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") since March 30, 2004, each
of which has complied in all material respects with all applicable
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), and the Exchange Act (and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, respectively), each as in effect on the dates such forms, reports
and  documents were filed.  GCJ has heretofore delivered or promptly will
deliver prior to the Effective Date to GCJ, in the form filed with the SEC
(including any amendments thereto but excluding any exhibits), (i) its
initial Registration Statement on Form 10SB12G filed May 3, 2004, (ii) all
other reports or registration statements filed by GCJ with the SEC since its
inception on March 30, 2004 (all of the foregoing, collectively, the "GCJ SEC
Reports"). None of such GCJ SEC Reports, including, without limitation, any
financial statements or schedules included or incorporated by reference
therein, contained, when filed, any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated or incorporated by
reference therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  The
audited financial statements of GCJ included in the GCJ SEC Reports fairly
present, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles applied
on a consistent basis (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto), the
financial position of GCJ as of the dates thereof and its results of operations
and changes in financial position for the periods then ended. All material
agreements, contracts and other documents required to be filed as exhibits to
any of the GCJ SEC Reports have been so filed.

     (b) GCJ has heretofore made available or promptly will make available to
APD a complete and correct copy of any amendments or modifications which are
required to be filed with the SEC but have not yet been filed with the SEC,
to agreements, documents or other instruments which previously had been filed
by GCJ with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.

     Section 3.5. Information Supplied.  None of the information supplied or
to be supplied by GCJ for inclusion or incorporation by reference to the 8-K
will, at the time the 8-K is filed with the SEC and at the time it becomes
effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

     Section 3.6. Consents and Approvals; No Violations. Except as set forth
in Section 3.6 of the GCJ Disclosure Schedule, and for filings, permits,
authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under, and other
applicable requirements of, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, state
securities or blue sky laws, the HSR Act, the rules of the NASD, and the
filing and recordation of the Merger Certificate as required by the NGCL, no
filing with or notice to, and no permit, authorization, consent or approval
of, any Governmental Entity is necessary for the execution and delivery by
GCJ of this Agreement or the consummation by GCJ of the transactions
contemplated hereby, except where the failure to obtain such permits,
authorizations consents or approvals or to make such filings or give such
notice would not have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ.

     Neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by GCJ
nor the consummation by GCJ of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i)
conflict with or result in any breach of any provision of the respective
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or similar governing documents) of GCJ
or  any of GCJ's subsidiaries, (ii) result in a violation or breach  of,  or
constitute (with or without due notice or lapse of time or both) a default
(or give rise to any right of termination, amendment, cancellation or
acceleration or Lien) under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of
any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, contract, agreement or
other instrument or obligation to which GCJ or any of GCJ's subsidiaries is a
party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties or assets
may be bound or (iii) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, law,
statute, rule or regulation applicable to GCJ or any of GCJ's subsidiaries or
any of their respective properties or assets, except in the case of (ii) or
(iii) for violations, breaches or defaults which would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on GCJ.

     Section 3.7. No Default. GCJ is not in breach, default or violation (and
no event has occurred which with notice or the lapse of time or both would
constitute a breach, default or violation) of any  term, condition or
provision of (i) its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or similar governing
documents), (ii) any  note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license,
contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which GCJ or any of
its subsidiaries is now a party or by which any of them or any of their
respective properties or assets may be bound or (iii) any order, writ,
injunction, decree, law, statute, rule or regulation applicable to GCJ, its
subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, except in the
case of (ii) or (iii) for violations,  breaches  or

<PAGE>

defaults that would not have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ. Each note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, contract, agreement or other
instrument or obligation to which GCJ or any of its subsidiaries is now a
party or by which any of them or any of their respective properties or assets
may be bound that is material to GCJ and its subsidiaries taken as a whole
and that has not expired is in full force and effect and is not subject to
any material default thereunder of which GCJ is aware by any party obligated
to GCJ or any subsidiary thereunder.

     Section  3.8. No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Changes. Except as
set forth in Section 2.8 of the GCJ Disclosure Schedule and except as and to
the extent publicly disclosed by GCJ in the GCJ SEC Reports, as of  December
31, 2003, GCJ does not have any liabilities or obligations of  any nature,
whether or not accrued, contingent or otherwise, that would be required by
generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected on a balance sheet
of GCJ (including the notes thereto) or which would have a Material Adverse
Effect on GCJ. Except as publicly disclosed by GCJ, since December 31, 2003,
GCJ has not incurred any liabilities of any nature, whether or not accrued,
contingent or otherwise, which could reasonably be expected to have, and
there have been no events, changes or effects with respect to GCJ having  or
which reasonably could be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ.
Except as and to the extent publicly disclosed by GCJ in the GCJ SEC Reports
and except as set forth in Section 2.8 of the GCJ Disclosure Schedule, since
March 30, 2004, there has not been (i) any material change by GCJ in its
accounting methods, principles or practices (other than as required after the
date hereof by concurrent changes in generally accepted accounting
principles), (ii) any revaluation by GCJ of any of its assets having a
Material Adverse Effect on GCJ, including, without limitation, any write-down
of the value of any assets other than in the ordinary course of business or
(iii) any other action or event that would have required the consent of any
other party hereto pursuant to Section 4.1 of this Agreement had such action
or event occurred after the date of this Agreement.

     Section 3.9. Litigation. Except as publicly disclosed by GCJ in the GCJ
SEC Reports, there is no suit, claim, action, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the knowledge of GCJ, threatened against GCJ or any of its
subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets before any
Governmental Entity which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ or could reasonably be
expected to prevent or delay the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.  Except as publicly disclosed by GCJ in the
GCJ SEC Reports, GCJ is not subject to any outstanding order, writ,
injunction or decree which, insofar as can be reasonably foreseen in the
future, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ
or could reasonably be expected to prevent or delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.

     Section 3.10. Compliance with Applicable Law. Except as publicly
disclosed by GCJ in the GCJ SEC Reports, GCJ holds all permits, licenses,
variances, exemptions, orders and approvals of all Governmental Entities
necessary for the lawful conduct of their respective businesses (the `'GCJ
Permits"), except for failures to hold such permits, licenses, variances,
exemptions, orders and approvals which would not have a Material Adverse
Effect on GCJ. Except as publicly disclosed by GCJ in the GCJ SEC Reports,
GCJ is in compliance with the terms of the GCJ Permits, except where the
failure so to comply would not have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ. Except
as publicly disclosed by GCJ in the GCJ SEC Reports, the business of GCJ  is
not being conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any
Governmental Entity except that no representation or warranty is made in this
Section 2.10 with respect to Environmental Laws (as defined in Section 2.12
below) and except for violations or possible violations which do not, and,
insofar as reasonably can be foreseen, in the  future  will not, have a
Material Adverse Effect on GCJ. Except as publicly disclosed by GCJ in the
GCJ SEC Reports, no investigation or review by any Governmental Entity with
respect to GCJ is pending or, to the knowledge of GCJ, threatened, nor, to
the knowledge of GCJ, has any Governmental Entity indicated an intention to
conduct the same, there than, in each case, those which GCJ reasonably
believes will not have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ.

     Section 3.11. Employee Benefit Plans; Labor Matters.

     (a) With respect to each employee benefit plan, program, policy,
arrangement and contract (including,  without limitation, any "employee
benefit plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of  ERISA), maintained or
contributed to at any time by GCJ, any of its subsidiaries or any entity
required to be aggregated with GCJ or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to

<PAGE>

Section 414 of the Code (each, a "GCJ Employee Plan"), no event has occurred
and, to the knowledge of GCJ, no condition or set of circumstances exists in
connection with which GCJ or any of its subsidiaries could reasonably be
expected to be subject to any liability which would have a Material Adverse
Effect on GCJ.

     (b) (i) No GCJ Employee Plan is or has been subject to Title IV of ERISA
or Section 412 of the Code; and (ii) each GCJ Employee Plan intended to
qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust intended to qualify
under Section 501(a) of the Code is the subject of a favorable Internal
Revenue Service determination letter, and nothing has occurred which could
reasonably be expected to adversely affect such determination.

     (c) Section 3.11(c) of the GCJ Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and
complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of each person who holds any
GCJ Stock Options, together with the number of GCJ Shares which are  subject
to such option, the date of grant of such option, the extent to which  such
option is vested (or will become vested as a result of the Merger), the
option price of such option (to the extent determined as of the date hereof),
whether such option is a nonqualified stock option or is intended to qualify
as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the
Code, and the expiration date of such option. Section 3.11(c) of the GCJ
Disclosure Schedule also sets forth the total number of such incentive stock
options and such nonqualified options. GCJ has furnished APD with complete
copies of the plans pursuant to which the GCJ Stock Options were issued.
Other than the automatic vesting of GCJ Stock Options that may occur without
any action on the part of GCJ or its officers or directors, GCJ has not taken
any action that would result in any GCJ Stock Options that are unvested
becoming vested in connection with or as a result of the execution and
delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

     (d) Except as disclosed in Section 3.11(e) of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule there shall be no payment, accrual of additional benefits,
acceleration of payments, or vesting in any benefit under any GCJ Employee
Plan or any agreement or arrangement disclosed under this Section 3.11 solely
by reason of entering into or in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

     (e) There  are no controversies pending or, to the knowledge of GCJ
threatened, between GCJ or any of its subsidiaries and any of their
respective employees, which controversies have or could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ. Neither GCJ nor any of its
subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other labor
union contract applicable to persons employed by GCJ or any of its
subsidiaries (and neither GCJ nor any of its subsidiaries has any outstanding
material liability with respect to any terminated collective bargaining
agreement or labor union contract), nor does GCJ know of any activities or
proceedings of any labor union to organize any of its or any of its
subsidiaries' employees. GCJ has no knowledge of any strike, slowdown, work
stoppage, lockout or threat thereof by or with respect to any of its or any
of its subsidiaries' employees.

     Section 3.12. Environmental Laws and Regulations.

     (a) Except as disclosed by GCJ, (i) each of GCJ and its subsidiaries is
in material compliance with all Environmental Laws, except for non-compliance
that would not have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ, which compliance
includes, but is not limited to, the possession by GCJ and its  subsidiaries
of  all material permits and other governmental authorizations required under
applicable Environmental Laws, and compliance with the terms and conditions
thereof;(ii) none of GCJ or its subsidiaries has received written notice of,
or, to the knowledge of GCJ, is the subject of, any Environmental Claim that
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on  GCJ; and
(iii) to the knowledge of GCJ, there are no circumstances that are reasonably
likely to prevent or interfere with such material compliance in the future.

     (b) Except as disclosed by GCJ, there are no Environmental Claims which
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ that
are pending or, to the knowledge of GCJ, threatened against GCJ or any of its
subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of GCJ, against any person or entity  whose
liability for any Environmental Claim GCJ or its subsidiaries has or may have
retained or assumed either contractually or by operation of law.

     Section  3.13. Tax Matters. Except as set forth in Section 3.13 of the
GCJ Disclosure Schedule: (i) GCJ and each of its subsidiaries has filed or
has had filed on its behalf in a timely manner (within any applicable
extension periods) with the appropriate Governmental Entity all income and
other material Tax Returns with respect to Taxes of GCJ  and each of its
subsidiaries and all Tax Returns were in all material respects true, complete
and correct; (ii) all material Taxes with respect to GCJ and each of its
subsidiaries have been paid in full or have been provided for in accordance
with GAAP on GCJ's most recent balance sheet which is part of the GCJ SEC
Documents; (iii) there are no outstanding agreements or waivers extending the
statutory period of limitations applicable to any federal, state, local or
foreign income or other material Tax Returns required to be filed by or  with
respect to GCJ or its subsidiaries; (iv) to the knowledge of GCJ none of the
Tax Returns of or with respect to GCJ or any of its subsidiaries is currently
being audited or examined by any Governmental Entity; and (v) no deficiency
for any income or other material Taxes has been assessed with respect to GCJ
or any of its subsidiaries which has not been abated or paid in full.

     Section 3.14. Title to Property. GCJ and each of its subsidiaries have
good and defensible title to all of their properties and assets, free and
clear of all liens, charges and encumbrances except liens for taxes not yet
due and payable and such liens or other imperfections of title, if any, as do
not materially detract from the value of or interfere with the present use of
the property affected thereby or which, individually or in the aggregate,
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ; and, to GCJ's knowledge, all
leases  pursuant to which GCJ or any of its subsidiaries lease  from others
real or personal property are in good standing, valid and effective in
accordance with their respective terms, and there is not, to the knowledge of
GCJ, under any of such leases, any existing material default or event of
default (or event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a material default and in respect of which GCJ or such subsidiary
has not taken adequate steps to prevent such a default from occurring) except
where the lack of such good standing, validity and effectiveness, or the
existence of such default or event of default would not have a Material
Adverse Effect on GCJ.

     Section 3.15. Intellectual Property.

     (a)  Each  of  GCJ and its subsidiaries owns, or possesses adequate
licenses or other valid rights to use, all existing United States and foreign
patents, trademarks, trade names, services marks, copyrights, trade secrets,
and applications therefore that are material to its business as currently
conducted (the "GCJ Intellectual Property Rights").

     (b) Except as set forth in Section 3.15(b) of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule the validity of the GCJ Intellectual Property Rights and the title
thereto of GCJ or any subsidiary, as the case may be, is not being questioned
in any litigation to which GCJ or any subsidiary is a party.

     (c) The conduct of the business of GCJ as now conducted does not, to
GCJ's knowledge, infringe any valid patents, trademarks, trade names, service
marks or copyrights of others. The consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will not result in the loss or impairment of any GCJ
Intellectual Property Rights.

     (d) GCJ has taken steps it believes appropriate to protect and maintain
its trade secrets as such, except in cases where GCJ has elected to rely on
patent or copyright protection in lieu of trade secret protection.

     Section  3.16.  Insurance. GCJ currently does not maintain general
liability and other business insurance.

     Section 3.17. Vote Required. The affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of the outstanding GCJ Shares is the  only vote of the
holders of any class or series of GCJ's capital stock necessary to approve
and adopt this Agreement and the Merger.

     Section 3.18. Tax Treatment. Neither GCJ nor, to the knowledge of GCJ,
any of its affiliates has taken or agreed to take any action that would
prevent the Merger from constituting a reorganization qualifying under the
provisions of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     Section 3.19. Affiliates. Except for the directors and executive
officers of GCJ, each of whom is listed in Section 3.19 of the GCJ Disclosure
Schedule, there are no persons who, to the knowledge of GCJ, may be deemed to
be  affiliates of GCJ under Rule 1-02(b) of Regulation S-X of the SEC (the
"GCJ Affiliates").

     Section 3.20. Certain Business Practices. None of GCJ, any of its
subsidiaries or any directors, officers, agents or employees of GCJ or any of
its  subsidiaries has (i) used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts,
entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity, (ii)
made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or
employees or to foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns or
violated any provision of the FCPA, or (iii) made any other unlawful payment.

     Section 3.21. Insider Interests. Except as set forth in Section 3.21 of
the GCJ Disclosure Schedule, no officer or director of GCJ has any interest
in any material property, real or personal, including without limitation, any
computer  software or GCJ Intellectual Property Rights, used in or pertaining
to the business of GCJ or any subsidiary, except for the ordinary rights of a
stockholder or employee stock option holder.

     Section 3.22. Opinion of Financial Adviser. No advisers, as of the date
hereof, have delivered to the GCJ Board a written opinion to the effect that,
as of such date, the exchange ratio contemplated by the Merger is fair to the
holders of GCJ Shares.

     Section 3.23. Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker (other
than the GCJ Financial Adviser, a true and correct copy of whose engagement
agreement has been provided to APD) is entitled to any brokerage, finders or
other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of GCJ.

     Section 3.24. Disclosure. No representation or warranty of GCJ in this
Agreement or any certificate, schedule, document or other instrument
furnished or to be furnished to APD pursuant hereto or in connection
herewith contains, as of the date of such representation, warranty or
instrument, or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or, at
the date thereof, omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary  to
make any statement herein or therein, in light of the circumstances under
which such statement is or will be made, not misleading.

     Section 3.25. No Existing Discussions. As of the date hereof, GCJ is not
engaged, directly or indirectly, in any discussions or negotiations with  any
other party with respect to any Third Party Acquisition (as defined in
Section 5.4).


                                  ARTICLE 4

                                  Covenants

     Section 4.1. Conduct of Business of APD. Except as contemplated by this
Agreement or as described in Section 4.1 of the APD Disclosure Schedule,
during the period from the date hereof to the Effective Time, APD will
conduct its operations in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and, to the extent consistent therewith, with no less diligence
and effort than would be applied in the absence of this Agreement, seek to
preserve intact its current business organization, keep available the service
of its current officers and employees and preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers and others having business dealings with it to the end
that goodwill and ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired at the Effective
Time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement or as described in Section 4.1 of the
APD Disclosure Schedule, prior to the Effective Time, APD will not, without
the prior written consent of GCJ:

     (a) amend its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or other similar
governing instrument);

     (b) amend the terms of any stock of any class or any other securities
(except bank loans) or equity equivalents.

     (c) split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock,
declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether in
cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of its capital
stock, make any other actual, constructive or deemed distribution in respect
of its capital stock or otherwise make any payments to stockholders in their
capacity as such, or redeem or otherwise acquire any of its securities;

     (d) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution,
merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other
reorganization of APD (other than the Merger);

     (e) (i) incur or assume any long-term or short-term debt or issue any
debt securities except for borrowings or issuances of letters of credit under
existing lines of credit in the ordinary course of business; (ii) assume,
guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether
directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other person.
(iii) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments
in, any other person; (iv) pledge or otherwise encumber shares of capital
stock of APD; or (v) mortgage or pledge any of its material assets, or
create or suffer to exist any material Lien thereupon (other than tax  Liens
for taxes not yet due);

     (f) except as may be required by law, enter into, adopt or amend or
terminate any bonus, profit sharing, compensation, severance, termination,
stock option, stock appreciation right, restricted stock, performance unit,
stock equivalent, stock purchase agreement, pension, retirement, deferred
compensation, employment, severance or other employee benefit agreement,
trust, plan, fund or other arrangement for the benefit or welfare of any
director, officer or employee in any manner, or increase in any  manner the
compensation or fringe benefits of any director, officer or employee or pay
any benefit not required by any plan and arrangement as in effect as of the
date hereof (including, without limitation, the granting of stock
appreciation rights or performance units); provided, however, that this
paragraph (f) shall not prevent APD from (i) entering into employment
agreements or severance agreements with employees in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with past practice or (ii) increasing annual
compensation and/or providing for or amending bonus arrangements for
employees or fiscal 2000 in the ordinary course of year-end compensation
reviews consistent with past practice and paying bonuses to employees for
fiscal 2000 in amounts previously disclosed to GCJ (to the extent that such
compensation increases and new or amended bonus arrangements do not result in
a material increase in benefits or compensation expense to APD);

     (g) acquire, sell, lease or dispose of any assets in any single
transaction or series of related transactions (other than in the ordinary
course of business);

     (h) except as may be required as a result of a change in law or in
generally accepted accounting principles, change any of the accounting
principles or practices used by it;

     (i) revalue in any material respect any of its assets including, without
limitation, writing down the value of inventory or writing-off  notes or
accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business;

     (j) (i) acquire (by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or
assets) any corporation, partnership or other business organization or
division thereof or any equity interest therein; (ii) enter into any contract
or agreement other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice which would be material to APD; (iii) authorize any new
capital expenditure or expenditures which, individually is in excess of
$1,000 or, in the aggregate, are in excess of $5,000; provided, however that
none of the foregoing shall limit any capital expenditure required pursuant
to existing contracts;

     (k) make any tax election or settle or compromise any income tax
liability material to APD;

     (l) settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim
which (i) relates to the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) the
settlement or compromise of which could have a Material Adverse Effect on
APD;

     (m) commence any material research and development project or terminate
any material research and development project that is currently ongoing, in
either case, except pursuant to the terms of existing contracts or in the
ordinary course of business; or

     (n) take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the actions
described in Sections 4.1(a) through 4.1(m) or any action which would make
any of the representations or warranties of contained in this Agreement
untrue or incorrect.

     Section 4.2. Conduct of Business of GCJ. Except as contemplated by this
Agreement or as described in Section 4.2 of the GCJ Disclosure Schedule
during the  period from the date hereof to the Effective Time, GCJ will
conduct its operations in the ordinary course of business  consistent with
past practice and, to the extent consistent therewith, with no less diligence
and effort than would be applied in the absence of this Agreement, seek to
preserve intact its current business organization, keep available the service
of its  current officers and employees and preserve its relationships with
customers, suppliers and others having business dealings with it to the end
that goodwill and ongoing businesses shall be unimpaired at the Effective
Time.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as otherwise
expressly provided in this Agreement or as described in Section 4.2 of the
GCJ  Disclosure Schedule, prior to the Effective Time, GCJ will not, without
the prior written consent of:

     (a) amend its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or other similar
governing instrument);

     (b) authorize for issuance, issue, sell, deliver or agree or commit to
issue, sell or deliver (whether through the issuance or granting of options,
warrants, commitments, subscriptions, rights to purchase or otherwise) any
stock of any class or any other securities (except bank loans) or equity
equivalents (including, without limitation, any stock options or stock
appreciation rights;

       (c) split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock,
declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether  in
cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of its capital
stock, make any other actual, constructive or deemed distribution in respect
of its capital stock or otherwise make any payments to stockholders in their
capacity as such, or redeem or otherwise acquire any of its securities;

<PAGE>

     (d) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger
consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of GCJ
(other than the Merger);

     (e)  (i) incur or assume any long-term or short-term debt or issue any
debt securities except for borrowings or issuances of letters of credit under
existing lines of credit in the ordinary course of business. (ii)  assume,
guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether
directly, contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other person;
(iii) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to or investments in,
any other person; (iv) pledge or otherwise encumber shares of capital stock
of GCJ or its subsidiaries; or (v) mortgage or pledge any of its material
assets, or create or suffer to exist any material Lien thereupon (other than
tax Liens for taxes not yet due);

     (f)  except  as may be required by law, enter into, adopt or amend or
terminate any bonus, profit sharing, compensation, severance, termination,
stock option, stock appreciation right, restricted stock, performance  unit
stock  equivalent, stock purchase agreement, pension, retirement, deferred
compensation, employment,  severance or other  employee benefit agreement,
trust, plan, fund or other arrangement for the benefit or welfare of any
director, officer or employee in any manner, or increase in any  manner the
compensation or fringe benefits of any director, officer or employee or pay
any  benefit not required by any plan and arrangement as in effect as of the
date hereof (including, without limitation, the granting of stock
appreciation rights or performance units); provided, however, that this
paragraph  (f)  shall not prevent GCJ or its subsidiaries from  (i) entering
into employment agreements or severance agreements with employees in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice or (ii)
increasing annual compensation and/or providing for or amending  bonus
arrangements for employees for fiscal 2003 in the ordinary course of yearend
compensation  reviews  consistent with past practice and paying bonuses to
employees for fiscal 2003 in amounts previously disclosed to (to the extent
that such compensation increases and new or amended bonus arrangements do not
result in a material increase in benefits or compensation expense to GCJ);

     (g)  acquire, sell, lease or dispose of any assets in any single
transaction or series of related transactions other than in the ordinary
course of business;

     (h)  except as may be required as a result of a change in law or in
generally accepted accounting principles, change any of the accounting
principles or practices used by it;

     (i)  revalue in any material respect any of its assets, including,
without limitation, writing down the value of inventory of writing-off  notes
or accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business;

     (j)  (i)  acquire (by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or
assets) any corporation,  partnership, or other  business  organization or
division thereof or any equity interest therein; (ii) enter into any contract
or  agreement  other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice which would be material to GCJ; (iii) authorize any new capital
expenditure or expenditures which, individually, is in excess of $1,000 or,
in the aggregate, are in excess of $5,000: provided, however that none of the
foregoing  shall limit any capital expenditure required pursuant to existing
contracts;

     (k)  make any tax election or settle or compromise any income tax
liability material to GCJ and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

     (l) settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim
which (i) relates to the transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) the
settlement or compromise of which could have a Material Adverse Effect on
GCJ;

     (m)  commence any material research and development project or terminate
any  material research and development project that is currently ongoing, in
either case, except pursuant to the terms of existing contracts or except in
the ordinary course of business; or

     (n)  take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the actions
described in Sections 4.2(a) through 4.2(m) or any action which would make
any of the representations or warranties of the GCJ contained in this
Agreement untrue or incorrect.

<PAGE>

     Section  4.3. Preparation of 8-K.  GCJ and APD shall promptly prepare
and file with the SEC an 8-K disclosing this merger with audited financials
of APD along with pro forma combined statements.

     Section 4.4. Other Potential Acquirers.

     (a)  GCJ, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors,
employees, representatives and agents shall immediately cease any existing
discussions or negotiations, if any, with any parties conducted heretofore
with respect to any Third Party Acquisition.

     Section 4.6. Access to Information.

     (a)  Between the date hereof and the Effective Time, APD will give GCJ
and its authorized representatives, and GCJ will give APD and its authorized
representatives, reasonable  access to all employees, plants, offices,
warehouses  and other facilities and to all books and records of  itself and
its  subsidiaries, will permit the other party to make such  inspections as
such  party may reasonably require and will cause its officers and those of
its subsidiaries to furnish the other party with such financial and operating
data and other information with respect to the business and properties of
itself and its subsidiaries  as the other party may from time to time
reasonably request.

     (b)  Between the date hereof and the Effective Time, APD shall furnish
to  GCJ, and GCJ will furnish to APD, within 25 business days after the end
of  each  quarter, quarterly statements prepared by such party in conformity
with its past practices) as of the last day of the period then ended.

     (c)  Each of the parties hereto will hold and will cause its consultants
and advisers to hold in confidence all documents and information furnished to
it in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     Section 4.7. Additional Agreements, Reasonable Efforts.  Subject to the
terms  and  conditions herein provided, each of the parties hereto agrees to
use all reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action, and to
do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable
under  applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation,
(i)  cooperating in the preparation and filing of the 8-K, any  filings  that
may be required under the HSR Act, and any amendments to any thereof;  (ii)
obtaining consents of all third parties and Governmental Entities necessary,
proper or advisable for the consummation of the transactions contemplated  by
this  Agreement; (iii) contesting any legal proceeding relating to the Merger
and  (iv) the execution of any additional instruments necessary to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, GCJ and APD agree to use all reasonable efforts to cause the
Effective  Time to occur as soon as practicable after the stockholder votes
with respect to the Merger. In case at any time after the Effective Time any
further action is necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the
proper officers and directors of each party hereto shall take all such
necessary action.

     Section 4.8. Indemnification.

     (a)  To the extent, if any, not provided by an existing right under one
of the parties' directors and officers liability insurance policies, from and
after the Effective Time, APD shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, indemnify, defend and hold harmless each person who is now,
or has been at any time prior to the date hereof, or who becomes prior to the
Effective Time, a director, officer or employee of the parties hereto or any
subsidiary thereof (each an "Indemnified Party" and, collectively, the
"Indemnified Parties") against all losses, expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees and expenses), claims, damages or liabilities or, subject to
the  proviso  of  the  next succeeding sentence, amounts paid in settlement

<PAGE>

arising out of actions or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective
Time and whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the Effective
Time) that are in whole or in part (i) based on, or arising out of the fact
that such person is or was a director, officer or employee of such party or a
subsidiary of such party or (ii) based on, arising out of or pertaining to
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  In the event of any such
loss expense, claim, damage or liability (whether or not arising before the
Effective Time), (i)  APD shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of
counsel selected by the Indemnified  Parties, which counsel shall be
reasonably satisfactory to APD, promptly after statements therefore are
received  and  otherwise advance to such Indemnified Party upon request
reimbursement of documented expenses reasonably incurred, in either case to
the extent not prohibited by the NGCL or its Articles of Incorporation or
bylaws, (ii) APD will cooperate in the defense of any such matter and  (iii)
any determination required to be made with respect to whether an Indemnified
Party's conduct complies with the standards set forth under the NGCL and
APD's Articles of Incorporation and bylaws shall be made by independent
counsel mutually acceptable to APD and the Indemnified  Party; provided,
however, that  APD shall not be liable for any settlement effected without
its written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld).  The
Indemnified Parties as a group may retain only one law firm with respect to
each related matter except to the extent there is, in the opinion of counsel
to an Indemnified Party, under applicable standards of professional conduct,
conflict on any significant issue between positions of any two or more
Indemnified Parties.

     (b)  In the event APD or any of its successors or assigns (i)
consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not be the
continuing or surviving corporation or entity or such consolidation or merger
or (ii) transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to
any person, then and in either such case, proper provision shall be made so
that the successors  and assigns of APD shall assume the obligations set
forth in this Section 4.9.

     (c) To the fullest extent permitted by law, from and after the Effective
Time, all rights to indemnification now existing in favor of the employees,
agents, directors or officers of APD and GCJ and their subsidiaries with
respect to their activities as such prior to the Effective Time, as provided
in APD's and GCJ's Articles of Incorporation or bylaws, in effect on the
date thereof or otherwise in effect on the date hereof, shall survive the
Merger and shall continue in full force and effect for a period of not less
than two years from the Effective Time.

     (d)  The provisions  of this Section 4.9 are intended to be for the
benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Party, his or her
heirs and his or her representatives.

     Section 4.9. Notification of Certain Matters.  The parties hereto shall
give prompt notice to the other parties, of (i) the  occurrence or
nonoccurrence of any event the occurrence or nonoccurrence of which would be
likely to cause any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement to
be  untrue or inaccurate in any material respect at or prior to the Effective
Time, (ii) any material failure of such party to comply with or satisfy any
covenant, condition  or agreement to be complied with  or  satisfied  by it
hereunder, (iii) any notice of, or other communication relating to, a default
or event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default,
received by such party or any of its subsidiaries subsequent to the date of
this Agreement and prior to the Effective Time, under any contract or
agreement  material to the financial condition, properties, businesses or
results of operations of such party and its subsidiaries taken as a whole to
which such party or any of its subsidiaries is a party or is subject, (iv)
any  notice or other communication from any third party alleging that the
consent of such third party is or may be required in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (v) any material adverse
change in their respective financial condition,  properties, businesses,
results of operations or prospects taken as a whole, other than changes
resulting from general economic conditions; provided, however, that the
delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 4.10 shall not cure such
breach or non-compliance or limit or otherwise affect the remedies available
hereunder to the party receiving such notice.

<PAGE>



                                 ARTICLE 5

                  Conditions to Consummation of the Merger

     Section  5.1.  Conditions to Each Party's Obligations to Effect the
Merger. The respective obligations of each party hereto to effect the Merger
are  subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of the
following conditions:

     (a) this Agreement shall have been approved and adopted by the requisite
vote of the stockholders of GCJ;

     (b) this Agreement shall have been approved and adopted by the Board of
Directors of APD and GCJ;

     (c)  no  statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or
injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or enforced by any
United  States court or United States governmental authority which prohibits,
restrains, enjoins or restricts the consummation of the Merger;

     (d)  any waiting period applicable to the Merger under the HSR Act shall
have  terminated or expired, and any other governmental or regulatory notices
or  approvals  required with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
shall have been either filed or received; and

     Section  5.2.  Conditions to the Obligations of APD. The obligation of
APD to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the
Effective Time of the following conditions:

     (a)  the representations of GCJ contained in this Agreement or in any
other document delivered pursuant hereto shall be true and correct (except to
the extent that the breach thereof would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on GCJ) at and as of the Effective Time with the same effect as if made at
and as of the Effective Time (except to the extent  such  representations
specifically related to an earlier date, in which case such representations
shall be true and correct as of such earlier date), and at the Closing GCJ
shall have delivered to APD a certificate to that effect;

     (b)  each of the covenants and obligations of GCJ to be performed at or
before the Effective Time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall have
been duly performed in all material respects at or before the Effective Time
and at the Closing GCJ shall have delivered to APD a certificate to that
effect;

     (d) GCJ shall have obtained the consent or approval of each person whose
consent or approval  shall be required in order to permit the  Merger as
relates to any obligation, right or interest of GCJ under any loan or credit
agreement, note, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement or instrument,
except those for which failure to obtain such consents and approvals would
not, in the reasonable opinion of APD, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ;

     (e) there shall have been no events, changes or effects with respect to
GCJ  or its subsidiaries having or which could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ; and

     Section  5.3.  Conditions to the Obligations of GCJ.  The respective
obligations of GCJ to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction at or
prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions:

     (a)  the representations of APD contained in this Agreement or in any
other document delivered pursuant hereto shall be true and correct (except to
the extent that the breach thereof would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on APD) at and as of the Effective Time with the same effect as if made at
and as of the Effective Time (except to the extent such representations
specifically related to an earlier date, in which case such representations
shall be true and correct as of such earlier date), and at the Closing APD
shall have delivered to GCJ a certificate to that effect;

     (b) each of the covenants and obligations of APD to be performed at or
before the Effective Time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall have
been duly performed in all material respects at or before the Effective Time
and at  the Closing APD shall have delivered to GCJ a certificate to that
effect;

<PAGE>

     (c) there shall have been no events, changes or effects with respect  to
APD  having or which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on APD.

                                  ARTICLE 6

                       Termination; Amendment; Waiver

     Section  6.1.  Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated and the
Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether
before or after approval and adoption of this Agreement by APD's or GCJ's
stockholders:

     (a) by mutual written consent of APD and GCJ;

     (b) by GCJ or APD if (i) any court of competent jurisdiction in the
United States or other United States Governmental Entity shall have issued a
final order, decree or ruling or taken any other final action restraining,
enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger and such order, decree, ruling
or  other action is or shall have become nonappealable or (ii) the Merger has
not been consummated by March 31, 2004; provided, however, that no party may
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this clause (ii) if such party's failure
to fulfill any of its obligations under this Agreement shall have been the
reason that the Effective Time shall not have occurred on or before said
date;

     (c)  by APD if (i) there shall have been a breach of any representation
or warranty on the  part of GCJ set forth in this  Agreement, or if any
representation  or warranty of GCJ shall have become untrue, in either case
such that  the conditions set forth in Section 5.2(a) would be incapable of
being satisfied by Dec 20, 2004 (or as otherwise extended), (ii) there shall
have been a breach by GCJ of any of their respective covenants or agreements
hereunder having a Material Adverse Effect on GCJ or materially adversely
affecting (or materially delaying) the consummation of the Merger, and GCJ,
as the case may be, has not cured such breach within 20 business days after
notice by APD thereof, provided that APD has not breached any of its
obligations hereunder, (iii) APD shall have convened a meeting of its
stockholders to vote upon the Merger and shall have failed to obtain the
requisite vote of its stockholders; or (iv) APD shall have convened a
meeting of its Board of Directors to vote upon the Merger and shall have
failed to obtain the requisite vote;

     (d) by GCJ if (i) there shall have been a breach of any representation
or warranty on the part of APD set forth in this Agreement, or if any
representation or warranty of APD shall have become untrue, in  either case
such that  the conditions set forth in Section 5.3(a) would be incapable of
being satisfied by Dec. 20, 2004 (or as otherwise extended), (ii) there shall
have been a breach by APD of its covenants or agreements hereunder having  a
Material Adverse Effect on APD or materially adversely affecting (or
materially delaying) the consummation of the Merger, and APD, as  he case
may be, has not cured such breach within twenty business days after notice by
GCJ thereof, provided  that GCJ has not breached any of its obligations
hereunder, (iii) the APD Board shall have recommended to APD's stockholders
a Superior Proposal, (iv) the APD Board shall have withdrawn, modified or
changed its approval or recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger, or
hold a stockholders' meeting to vote upon the Merger, or shall have adopted
any resolution to effect any of the foregoing, (v) GCJ shall have convened a
meeting of its stockholders to vote upon the Merger and shall have failed to
obtain the requisite vote of its stockholders.

     Section 6.2. Effect of Termination.  In the event of the termination and
abandonment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.1, this Agreement shall
forthwith become void and have no effect, without any liability on the part
of any party hereto or its affiliates, directors, officers or stockholders,
other than the provisions of this Section 6.2 and Sections 4.7(c) and 6.3
hereof.  Nothing contained in this Section 6.2 shall relieve any  party  from
liability for any breach of this Agreement.

     Section 6.3. Fees and Expenses.  Except as specifically provided in this
Section  6.3, each party shall bear its own expenses in connection with this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

     Section 6.4. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by action taken by
APD and GCJ at any time before or after approval of the Merger by the
stockholders of APD and GCJ (if required by applicable law) but, after any
such approval, no amendment shall be made which requires the approval of such
stockholders under applicable law without such approval.  This Agreement may
not  be  amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of the
parties hereto.

<PAGE>

     Section 6.5. Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time,
each party hereto may (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of any other party, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in
the representations and warranties of any other party contained herein or in
any document, certificate or writing delivered pursuant hereto or (iii) waive
compliance by any other party with any of the agreements or conditions
contained herein.  Any agreement on the part of any party hereto to any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of such party.  The failure of any party hereto to
assert any of its rights hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of such
rights.

                                  ARTICLE 7

                                Miscellaneous

     Section   7.1.  Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.  The
representations and warranties made herein shall not survive beyond the
Effective Time or a termination of this Agreement. This Section 7.1 shall not
limit any covenant or agreement of the parties hereto which by its terms
requires performance after the Effective Time.

     Section   7.2.   Entire Agreement; Assignment.  This Agreement (a)
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other prior agreements and
understandings both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof and (b) shall not be assigned by operation of law or
otherwise.

     Section  7.3.  Validity.  If any provision of this Agreement, or the
application thereof to any person or circumstance, is held invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement, and the application  of such
provision to other persons or circumstances, shall not be affected  thereby,
and to such end, the provisions of this Agreement are agreed to be severable.

     Section  7.4. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be
deemed to have  been  duly given upon receipt) by delivery  in person, by
facsimile or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt
requested), to each other party as follows:

  If to GCJ:

     GCJ, INC.
     Attn: Jeffery Chad Guidry
     8425 Bay Point Dr.
     Las Vegas, Nevada 89128
     Phone:  (702) 334-4008

  if to APD:

     APD Antiquities, Inc.
     Attn:  Cindy K. Swank
     1314 S. Brand Blvd, Suite 2-176
     Spokane, WA  99202
     Phone:  (509)-744-8590


<PAGE>

or to such other address as the person to whom notice is given may have
previously furnished to the others in writing in the manner set forth above.

     Section  7.5.  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard
to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.

     Section  7.6. Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings herein are
inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of
or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

     Section  7.7. Parties in Interest. This Agreement shall be binding upon
and  inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto and its successors and
permitted assigns, and except as provided in Sections 4.9 and 4.11, nothing
in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon
any other person any rights, benefits or remedies of any nature whatsoever
under or by reason of this Agreement.

     Section  7.8.  Certain Definitions. For the purposes of this Agreement,
the term:

     (a) "affiliate" means (except as otherwise provided in Sections 2.19 and
3.19 a person  that  directly  or  indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
the first mentioned person;

     (b)  "business day" means any day other than a day on which Nasdaq is
closed;

     (c)  "capital  stock" means common stock, preferred  stock, partnership
interests, limited liability company interests or other ownership interests
entitling the  holder thereof to vote with respect to matters involving the
issuer thereof;

     (d)  "knowledge" or "known" means, with respect to any matter in
question, if an executive officer of APD or GCJ or its subsidiaries, as the
case may be, has actual knowledge of such matter;

     (e)  "person" means  an individual, corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other
legal entity; and

     (f)  "subsidiary" or "subsidiaries" of APD, GCJ or any other person,
means  any  corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association,
trust, unincorporated association or other legal entity of which APD, GCJ or
any such other person, as the case may be (either alone or through or
together with any other subsidiary), owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or
more of the capital stock, the holders of which are generally entitled to
vote for the election of the board of directors or other governing body of
such corporation or other legal entity.

     Section 7.9. Personal Liability. This Agreement shall not create or be
deemed to create or permit any personal liability or obligation on the part
of any direct or indirect stockholder of APD, GCJ or any officer, director,
employee, agent, representative or investor of any party hereto.

     Section  7.10. Specific Performance.  The parties hereby acknowledge and
agree that the failure of any party to perform its agreements and  covenants
hereunder, including its failure to take all actions as are necessary on its
part to the consummation of the Merger, will cause irreparable injury to the
other parties for which damages, even if available, will not be an adequate
remedy. Accordingly, each party hereby consents to the issuance of injunctive
relief by any court of competent jurisdiction to compel performance of such
party's obligations and to the granting by any court of the  remedy of
specific performance of its obligations hereunder; provided, however, that,
if a party hereto is entitled to receive any payment or reimbursement  of
expenses pursuant to Sections 6.3(a), (b) or (c), it shall not be entitled to
specific performance to compel the consummation of the Merger.

     Section  7.11. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or
more  counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all
of which shall constitute one and the same agreement.


<PAGE>

     In Witness Whereof, each of the parties has caused this Agreement to be
duly executed on its behalf as of the day and year first above written.


                                 APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.

                                 By: /s/ Cindy K. Swank
                                 ----------------------
                                 Name:   Cindy K. Swank
                                 Title:  President


                                 GCJ, INC.

                                 By: /s/ Jeffery Chad Guidry
                                 ---------------------------
                                 Name:   Jeffery Chad Guidry
                                 Title:  President

<PAGE>

                          APD DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE

Schedule 2.1   Organization                       See Articles/Bylaws

Schedule 2.2(a) Options, Stock Preference Rights  Not Applicable

Schedule 2.6   Consents & Approvals               None Provided

Schedule 2.7   No Default                         Not Applicable

Schedule 2.8   No Undisclosed Liability           None Exist

Schedule 2.9   Litigation                         Not Applicable

Schedule 2.10  Compliance with Applicable Law     None

Schedule 2.11 Employee Benefit Plans              None

Schedule 2.12 Environmental Laws and Regs         Not Applicable

Schedule 2.13 Tax Matters                         None Exist

Schedule 2.14 Title to Property                   None Exist

Schedule 2.15 Intellectual Property               None Exist

Schedule 2.16 Insurance                           None Exist

Schedule 2.17  Vote Required                      None Required

Schedule 2.18 Tax Treatment                       Not Applicable

Schedule 2.19 Affiliates                          Cindy K. Swank

Schedule 2.20 Certain Business Practices          None Exist

Schedule 2.21 Insider Interest                    Not Applicable

Schedule 2.22 Opinion of Financial Adviser        Waived - None Exist

Schedule 2.23 Broker                              None Exist

Schedule 4.1 Conduct of Business                  None Provided

<PAGE>

                           GCJ DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE

Schedule 3.2(b) Subsidiary Stock                  None Exist

Schedule 3.2(c) Capital Stock Rights              None Exist other than as
                                                  in Articles

Schedule 3.2(d) Securities conversions            None Exist

Schedule 3.2 (f) Subsidiaries                     None Exist

Schedule 3.6   Consents & Approvals               Provided

Schedule 3.7   No Default                         Not Applicable

Schedule 3.8   No Undisclosed Liability           None Exist

Schedule 3.9   Litigation                         None Exist

Schedule  3.10   Compliance with Applicable Law   Not  Applicable - full
                                                  disclosed in 10-KSB

Schedule 3.11 Employee Benefit Plans              Section 3.11( c)No Options
                                                  Exist

Section 3.11(e)                                   No Agreements Exist

Schedule 3.12 Environmental Laws and Regs         Not Applicable

Schedule 3.13 Tax Matters                         None Exist

Schedule 3.14 Title to Property                   None Exist

Schedule 3.15(b) Intellectual Property            None Exist

Schedule 3.16 Insurance                           None Exist

Schedule   3.17    Vote  Required                 See Shareholder Meeting
                                                  Certificate

Schedule 3.18 Tax Treatment                       Not Applicable

Schedule 3.19 Affiliates                          Jeffery Chad Guidry

Schedule 3.20 Certain Business Practices          None Exist

Schedule 3.21 Insider Interest                    None Exist

Schedule 3.22 Opinion of Financial Adviser        Waived - None Exist

Schedule 3.23 Broker                              None Exist

Schedule 4.2 Conduct of Business                  See Amended Articles



Exhibit A


                        CERTIFICATE OF MERGER
                                  OF
                        APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
                          a Nevada corporation
                                 and
                              GCJ, Inc.
                        a Nevada corporation


     The undersigned corporations, APD ANTIQUITIES, INC., a Nevada
corporation ("APD"), and GCJ, Inc. a Nevada corporation ("GCJ"),
do hereby certify:

     1.   APD is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the
laws of the State of Nevada.  Articles of Incorporation were originally
filed on July 23, 1996.

     2.   GCJ is a corporation duly organized and validly existing
under the laws of the State of Nevada.  Articles of Incorporation were
originally filed on March 30, 2004.

     3.   APD and GCJ are parties to a Merger Agreement, pursuant to which
GCJ will be merged with and into APD.  Upon completion of the merger APD
will be the surviving corporation in the merger and GCJ will be dissolved.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement the stockholders of GCJ will receive stock
in APD.  For purposes of service, the address for APD is 1314 S. Brand
Blvd, Suite 2-176, Spokane, WA  99202.

     4.  The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of APD as existing prior
to the effective date of the merger shall continue in full force as the
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the surviving corporation.

     5.  The complete executed Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of
December 27, 2004, which sets forth the plan of merger providing for the merger
of GCJ with and into APD is on file at the corporate offices of APD.

     6.  A copy of the Merger Agreement will be furnished by APD on request
and without cost to any stockholder of any corporation which is a  party  to
the merger.

     7.  The plan of merger as set forth in the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, has been approved by a majority of the Board of Directors of GCJ at a
meeting held March 18, 2004.

     8.  GCJ has 430,000 shares of common stock issued, outstanding
and  entitled to vote on the merger.  At a meeting of the Shareholders of GCJ
held December 27, 2004, all 430,000 shares voted in favor of the merger.

     9.  The plan of merger as set forth in the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, was approved by a majority of the Board of Directors of APD at a
meeting held December 27, 2004.

<PAGE>

     10.  The manner in which the exchange of issued shares of APD shall be
affected is set forth in the Agreement and Plan of Merger.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed these Certificate of
Merger this 20th day of December, 2004.



                                 APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.

                                 By: /s/ Cindy K. Swank
                                 ----------------------
                                 Name:   Cindy K. Swank
                                 Title:  President


                                 GCJ, INC.

                                 By: /s/ Jeffery Chad Guidry
                                 ---------------------------
                                 Name:   Jeffery Chad Guidry
                                 Title:  President

<PAGE>






Exhibit B


                 RESOLUTION IN LIEU OF STOCKHOLDERS MEETING



     THE UNDERSIGNED, being the Stockholders of GCJ, Inc., a Nevada Corporation,
in lieu of a Stockholders meeting, hereby consent to the following resolutions:

          RESOLVED, that the Corporation enter into an Acquisition Agreement
     and Plan of Merger with APD ANTIQUITIES, INC. (A copy of which
     is attached) with APD ANTIQUITIES, INC. remaining as the
     surviving corporation, and be it

          FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Corporation officers are hereby
     authorized to execute any and all documents necessary to accomplish
     the merger.


DATED: December 27, 2004

                                   /s/ Jeffery Chad Guidry
                                   -----------------------
                                       Jeffery Chad Guidry


<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2O OTH FIN ST
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit99-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2O

                           APD Antiquities, Inc.

                             Balance Sheet
                                 as of
                           September 30, 2004
                           December 31, 2003
                           December 31, 2002

                                  and

                        Statement of Operations,
                  Changes in Stockholders' Equity, and
                              Cash Flows
                          For the year ended
                          December 31, 2003
                          December 31, 2002
                                  and
                     for the Period nine months ended
                 September 30, 2004 and September 30, 2003

                                 and

    Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements with GCJ, Inc.


<PAGE>


                           TABLE OF CONTENTS
                           -----------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                    PAGE
                                                                    ----
<S>                                                                 <C>
Independent Auditors Report                                         F-1
Balance Sheets                                                      F-2
Statement of Operations                                             F-3
Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity                        F-4
Statement of Cash Flows                                             F-5
Footnotes                                                           F-6-12
Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements                   F-13
Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Balance Sheet                          F-14
Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Statements of Operations               F-15
Footnote                                                            F-16



</TABLE>


<PAGE>


Williams & Webster, P.S.
Certified Public Accountants & Business Consultants
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Board of Directors
APD Antiquities, Inc.
Spokane, Washington


         REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
         -------------------------------------------------------

We  have  audited  the  accompanying balance sheets of APD Antiquities, Inc. (a
Nevada  corporation)  as of  December  31,  2003  and  2002,  and  the  related
statements of operations,  stockholders'  equity  and  cash flows for the years
then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility  of the Company's
management.  Our  responsibility  is  to express an opinion on these  financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with  the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those  standards  require  that  we
plan  and  perform  the  audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free  of  material  misstatement.  An  audit  includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures  in
the  financial  statements.  An  audit  also  includes assessing the accounting
principles  used  and significant estimates made  by  management,  as  well  as
evaluating the overall  financial  statement  presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred  to  above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of APD Antiquities,  Inc.  as  of
December  31,  2003  and 2002, and the results of its operations, stockholders'
equity and cash flows  for  the  years then ended in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The accompanying financial statements  have  been prepared assuming the Company
will continue as a going concern. As discussed  in  Note  2,  the Company has a
history of operating losses, has limited cash resources, and its  viability  is
dependent  upon  its ability to meet its future financing requirements, and the
success of future  operations.  These factors raise substantial doubt about the
Company's ability to continue as  a going concern. Management's plans regarding
those matters also are described in  Note  2.  The  financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


/s/ Williams & Webster, P.S.
- ----------------------------

WILLIAMS & WEBSTER, P.S.
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
SPOKANE, WASHINGTON
November 15, 2004

Members of Private Companies Practice Section, SEC Practice Section, AICPA and
WSCPA Bank of America Financial Center, 601 W Riverside, Suite 1940, Spokane,
WA  99201, Phone (509) 838-5111 * Fax (509) 838-5114, www williarns-webster.com

                                       F-1
<PAGE>


APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
BALANCE SHEETS
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

BALANCE SHEETS
                                        September 30,        December 31,
                                            2004        -----------------------
                                        (unaudited)        2003        2002
                                        -------------   ---------  ------------
<S>                                     <C>             <C>        <C>
ASSETS
     CURRENT ASSETS
        Cash                            $    24,258     $    720   $    6,337
        Inventory                             1,597       17,625       17,625
                                        -----------     --------   ----------

           Total Current Assets              25,855       18,345       23,962
                                        -----------     --------   ----------

TOTAL ASSETS                            $    25,855     $ 18,345   $   23,962
                                        ===========     ========   ==========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

     CURRENT LIABILITIES
        Accounts payable                $      340      $ 4,060    $    2,684
        Commissions payable
            - related party                  7,235        2,615         2,615
     Notes payable                               -        1,200             -
                                        -----------     --------   ----------

       Total Current Liabilities             7,575        7,875         5,299

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
    Preferred stock,
      5,000,000 shares authorized,
      $0.001 par value; no shares
      issued and outstanding                     -           -             -

    Common stock, 20,000,000 shares
      authorized, $0.001 par value
      362,000, 352,000 and 352,000
      shares issued and outstanding
      respectively                             362         352           352
    Additional paid-in capital              61,938      51,948        51,948
    Accumulated deficit                    (44,020)    (41,830)      (33,637)
                                        -----------     --------   ----------

     Total Stockholder's Equity             18,280      10,470        18,663

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
         STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY           $   25,855    $ 18,345     $  23,962
                                        ===========   =========    =========


</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                       F-2


<PAGE>



APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS


                                    Nine Months Ended          Years Ended
                                       September 30,           December 31,
                                    ------------------      -----------------
                                      2004        2003         2003     2004
                                   (unaudited) (unaudited)
                                   ----------- -----------  ---------- --------
<S>                                <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>
SALES                             $   74,500   $        -   $  2,500  $ 27,469
COST OF GOODS SOLD                    66,031            -      1,250    15,793
                                  ----------   ----------   --------- ---------
GROSS PROFIT                           8,469            -      1,250    11,676

EXPENSES
    Marketing Rent                      359          435         554       536
    Rent                              2,700        2,700       3,600     3,600
    General and administrative          375          153         183     1,188
    Professional fees                 2,495        4,243       4,243    12,004
    Stock transfer fees                  40          693         752       810
    Commissions                       4,620            -           -     1,648
                                  ----------   ----------   --------- ---------
      TOTAL EXPENSES                 10,589        8,224      9,332     19,786
                                  ----------   ----------   --------- ---------

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS                 (2,120)      (8,224)    (8,082)    (8,110)

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)
    Interest expense                    (70)         (80)      (111)       (43)
                                  ----------   ----------   --------- ---------
      TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)      (70)         (80)      (111)       (43)
                                  ----------   ----------   --------- ---------
LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES             (2,190)      (8,304)    (8,193)    (8,153)
                                  ----------   ----------   --------- ---------
INCOME TAXES                              -            -          -          -
                                  ----------   ----------   --------- ---------
NET LOSS
    NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE,
    BASIC AND DILUTED             $  (0.01)    $   (0.02)  $   (0.02) $  (0.02)
                                  ==========   ==========  ========== =========

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF
COMMON STOCK SHARES
OUTSTANDING, BASIC AND DILUTED      352,293       352,000     352,000   352,000
                                  ==========   ==========  ========== =========


</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                         F-3

<PAGE>

APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          Common Stock   Additional                 Total
                      ------------------ Paid-in    Accumulated  Stockholders?
                        Shares   Amount  Capital      Deficit       Equity
                      ---------- ------- ---------- -----------  -------------
<S>                   <C>        <C>     <C>        <C>          <C>
Balance,
January 1, 2002       352,000    $  352  $ 51,948   $ (25,484)   $ 26,816

Net loss for year
ended December 31, 2002     -         -         -      (8,153)     (8,153)
                      ---------- ------- ---------- -----------  -------------
Balance,
December 31, 2002     352,000       352    51,948     (33,637)     18,663

Net loss for year
ended December 31, 2003     -         -         -      (8,193)     (8,193)
                      ---------- ------- ---------- -----------  -------------
Balance,
December 31, 2003    352,000        352    51,948     (41,830)     10,470

Common stock
issued for cash       10,000         10     9,990           -      10,000

Net loss for period
ended September 30,
2004(unaudited)            -          -         -       (2,190)    (2,190)
                      ---------- ------- ---------- -----------  -------------
Balance,
September 30, 2004
(unaudited)           362,000    $  362  $ 61,938    $ (44,020)   $ 18,280
                      =========  ======  ==========  ==========   ===========

</TABLE>


  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                       F-4


<PAGE>


APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    Nine Months Ended          Years Ended
                                       September 30,           December 31,
                                    ------------------      -----------------
                                      2004        2003         2003     2004
                                   (unaudited) (unaudited)
                                   ----------- -----------  ---------- --------
<S>                                <C>         <C>          <C>       <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net loss                           $  (2,190)  $   (8,193)  $ (8,304) $ (8,153)
  Adjustments to reconcile
  net loss to net cash provided
  (used) by operating activities:
Decrease (increase) in inventory      16,028            -          -    10,582
  Decrease in loan receivable              -            -          -         -
  Decrease in interest receivable          -            -          -         -
  Increase (decrease) in
     accounts payable                 (3,720)       2,105      1,376     2,684
  Increase (decrease) in
     sales tax payable                     -            -          -      (826)
  Increase in commissions payable      4,620            -          -       848
                                   ----------- -----------  ---------- --------
Net cash provided (used) by
operating activities                  14,738       (6,817)    (6,199)    5,135
                                   ----------- -----------  ---------- --------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES       -            -          -         -
                                   ----------- -----------  ---------- --------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Proceeds from note payable               -            -      1,200         -
  Payment of note payable               (1,200)         -          -         -
  Common stock issued for cash          10,000          -          -         -
                                   ----------- -----------  ---------- --------
Net cash provided by
    financing activities                 8,800          -      1,200         -
                                   ----------- -----------  ---------- --------
Change in cash                          23,538     (5,617)    (6,199)    5,135
Cash, beginning of period                  720      6,337      6,337     1,202
                                   ----------- -----------  ---------- --------
Cash, end of period                $    24,258 $      138   $    720   $ 6,337
                                   =========== ==========   ========== ========
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES:
   Interest paid                   $         - $        -   $      -   $     -
                                   =========== ==========   ========== ========
   Income taxes paid               $         - $        -   $      -   $     -
                                   =========== ==========   ========== ========
</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                         F-5
<PAGE>


APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2003 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2004
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1- ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

APD Antiquities, Inc. (hereinafter "the Company") was  incorporated on July 23,
1996 under the laws of the State of Nevada for the purpose  of the sale of rare
antiques. The Company maintains its corporate office in Spokane, Washington and
offers its products online. The Company's fiscal year end is December 31.

The Company changed its name from APD International Corporation in August of
1999. NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

This summary of significant accounting policies of the Company  is presented to
assist in understanding the financial statements. The financial statements  and
notes are representations of the Company's management, which is responsible for
their   integrity   and  objectivity.  These  accounting  policies  conform  to
accounting principles  generally  accepted  in the United States of America and
have been consistently applied in the preparation of the financial statements.

Going Concern
- -------------

The  accompanying financial statements have been  prepared  assuming  that  the
Company  will  continue  as a going concern. At September 30, 2004, the Company
had a history of operating  losses,  an  accumulated  deficit  of  $44,020  and
limited  cash  resources.  These  conditions  raise significant doubt about the
Company's ability to continue as a going concern.  The future of the Company is
dependent  upon  its  ability  to obtain financing and upon  future  profitable
operations. Management's plans are  to seek additional capital through sales of
its inventory and, if necessary, the  possible  sale  of  the  Company's stock.
However, management has no plans to make a private offering of common  stock at
this time.

The  financial  statements  do  not  include  any  adjustments  relating to the
recoverability  and  classification  of  recorded  assets,  or the amounts  and
classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the  event the Company
cannot continue in existence.

Accounting Method
- -----------------

The Company's financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of
accounting.

Accounting Pronouncements
- -------------------------

In  May  2003,  the  Financial  Accounting Standards Board issued Statement  of
Financial  Accounting Standards No.  150,  "Accounting  for  Certain  Financial
Instruments  with  Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity" (hereinafter
"SFAS  No. 150"). SFAS  No.  150  establishes  standards  for  classifying  and
measuring   certain   financial   instruments   with  characteristics  of  both
liabilities  and equity and requires that those instruments  be  classified  as
liabilities in  statements  of  financial  position.  Previously, many of those
instruments were classified as equity. SFAS No. 150 is  effective for financial
instruments  entered  into  or  modified  after May 31, 2003 and  otherwise  is
effective at the beginning of the first interim period

                                     F-6

<PAGE>

APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2003 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Accounting Pronouncements (continued)
- -------------------------------------

beginning after June 15, 2003. The Company has determined that it has no
financial instruments that would be affected by this pronouncement.

In April 2003, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 149, "Amendment of Statement 133 on
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" (hereinafter "SFAS No. 149").
SFAS No. 149 amends and clarifies the accounting for derivative instruments,
including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, and for
hedging activities under SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments
and Hedging Activities". This statement is effective for contracts entered into
or modified after June 30, 2003 and for hedging relationships designated after
June 30, 2003. The adoption of SFAS No. 149 is not expected to have a material
impact on the financial position or results of operations of the Company.

In  June 2003, the Financial Accounting Standards  Board  issued  Statement  of
Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 146, "Accounting for Costs Associated with
Exit  or Disposal Activities"  (hereinafter  "SFAS  No.  146").  SFAS  No.  146
addresses  significant  issues  regarding  the  recognition,  measurement,  and
reporting  of  costs  associated  with  exit and disposal activities, including
restructuring activities. SFAS No. 146 also  addresses  recognition  of certain
costs  related to terminating a contract that is not a capital lease, costs  to
consolidate facilities or relocate employees, and termination benefits provided
to employees  that  are  involuntarily terminated under the terms of a one-time

benefit arrangement that is not an ongoing benefit arrangement or an individual
deferred-compensation contract.  SFAS  No.  146  was issued in June 2003 and is
effective for activities after December 31, 2003.  There  has been no impact on
the  Company's financial position or results of operations from  adopting  SFAS
No. 146.

In April  2003,  the  Financial  Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No.  145, "Rescission of FASB Statements No. 44,
4  and  64, Amendment of FASB Statement  No.  13,  and  Technical  Corrections"
(hereinafter  "SFAS No. 145"), which updates, clarifies and simplifies existing
accounting pronouncements. SFAS No. 4, which required all gains and losses from
the extinguishment  of debt to be aggregated and, if material, classified as an
extraordinary item, net  of related tax effect was rescinded. As a result, SFAS
No. 64, which amended SFAS No. 4, was rescinded, as it was no longer necessary.
SFAS No. 44, Accounting for  intangible  Assets  of Motor Carriers, established
the accounting requirements for the effects of transition  to the provisions of
the  Motor Carrier Act of 1980. Since the transition has been  completed,  SFAS
No. 44 is no longer necessary and has been rescinded. SFAS No. 145 amended SFAS
No. 13  to eliminate an inconsistency between the required accounting for sale-
leaseback   transactions   and   the  required  accounting  for  certain  lease
modifications that have economic effects  that  are  similar  to sale-leaseback
transactions.  The Company adopted SFAS No. 145 which did not have  a  material
effect on the financial statements of the Company.


                                     F-7

<PAGE>



APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2003 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2004



NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Accounting Pronouncements (continued)
- -------------------------------------

In December 2002,  the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial  Accounting   Standards   No.   148,   "Accounting   for  Stock-Based
Compensation  - Transition and Disclosure" (hereinafter "SFAS No.  148").  SFAS
No. 148 amends  SFAS  No.  123,  "Accounting  for Stock-Based Compensation," to
provide alternative methods of transition for a  voluntary  change  to the fair
value  based  method  of  accounting for stock-based employee compensation.  In
addition, the statement amends  the  disclosure requirements of SFAS No. 123 to
require prominent disclosure in both annual  and  interim  financial statements
about  the method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation  and  the
effect of  the method used on reported results. The provisions of the statement
are effective  for  financial statements for fiscal years ending after December
15, 2002. The Company  will report stock issued to employees under the rules of
SFAS No. 123. Accordingly, there is no change is disclosure requirements due to
SFAS No. 148.

Advertising Costs
- -----------------

Advertising costs, including  costs  for  direct  mailings,  are  expensed when
incurred. During the nine months ended September 30, 2004 and 2003 these costs
were $359 and $435, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2003 and
2002, these costs were $554 and $536, respectively.

Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share
- ------------------------------------

Basic net income (loss) per share is computed using the weighted average number
of  common shares outstanding. Diluted net income (loss) per share is the  same
as basic  net  income (loss) per share as there are no common stock equivalents
outstanding.

Cash and Cash Equivalents
- -------------------------

For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers all highly
liquid debt instruments purchased with a remaining maturity of three months or
less to be cash equivalents.

Compensated Absences
- --------------------

The Company does not offer paid vacation or personal time to its employees.
Accordingly, there is no related accrual of expenses.

Derivative Instruments
- ----------------------

The  Financial  Accounting   Standards  Board  issued  Statement  of  Financial
Accounting Standards ("SFAS")  No.  133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments
and Hedging Activities," as amended by SFAS No. 137, "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities - Deferral of the Effective Date of FASB No.
133",  and SFAS No. 138, "Accounting for  Certain  Derivative  Instruments  and
Certain  Hedging  Activities", which is effective for the Company as of January
1, 2001. These standards  establish  accounting  and  reporting  standards  for
derivative  instruments,  including  certain derivative instruments embedded in


                                      F-8



<PAGE>


APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2003 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Derivative Instruments (continued)
- ---------------------------------

other   contracts,  and for hedging activities.  They  require  that an  entity
recognize all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the  balance sheet
and measure those instruments at fair value.

If certain conditions are met, a derivative may be specifically designated as a
hedge,  the  objective  of  which  is to match  the  timing  of  gain  or  loss
recognition on the hedging derivative  with  the recognition of (i) the changes
in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the
hedged risk or (ii) the earnings effect of the  hedged  forecasted transaction.
For a derivative not designated as a hedging instrument,  the  gain  or loss is
recognized in income in the period of change.

Historically, the Company has not entered into derivative contracts to hedge
existing risks or for speculative purposes.

As of September 30, 2004, the Company has not engaged in any transactions that
would be considered derivative instruments or hedging activities.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments
- -----------------------------------

The carrying amounts for cash, payables and accrued liabilities approximate
their fair value.

Interim Financial Statements
- ----------------------------

The  financial  statements  for  the  period ended September 30, 2004, included
herein, are interim financial statements.  They  reflect all adjustments, which
are, in the opinion of management, necessary to present  fairly  the results of
operations   for   the  period.  All  such  adjustments  are  normal  recurring
adjustments. The results  of operations for the interim period presented is not
necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full fiscal year.

Inventories
- -----------

Inventories are accounted for  using  the  specific  identification method, and
stated at the lower of cost or market, with market representing  the  lower  of
replacement  cost  or  estimated  net  realizable  value.  The  Company  has no
insurance coverage on its inventory.

The  Company  has  no  inventory  on  consignment  at  September 30, 2004 or at
December 31, 2003. In the future, if the Company consigns  inventory,  it  will
retain  title  and  will  insure  the  inventory  until  the inventory is sold,
returned, lost, stolen, damaged, or destroyed.

The change in inventory balance from December 31, 2003 to September 30, 2004
was principally the result of the sale of an antique table with a recorded cost
of $17,500.

Provision for Taxes
- -------------------

Income  taxes  are  provided  based  upon  the liability method  of  accounting
pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting  Standards  No.  109, "Accounting
for Income Taxes." Under this approach, deferred income taxes are  recorded  to
reflect  the  tax  consequences  in future years of differences between the tax
basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at


                                      F-9

<PAGE>


APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2003 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2004
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Provision for Taxes (continued)
- -------------------------------

each year-end. A valuation allowance is recorded against deferred tax assets if
management does not believe the Company  has  met  the  "more  likely than not"
standard imposed by SFAS No. 109 to allow recognition of such an asset.

At September 30, 2004, the Company had net deferred tax assets of approximately
$14,900  principally arising from net operating loss carryforwards  for  income
tax purposes  calculated  at  an  expected  rate  of  34%. As management of the
Company cannot determine that it is more likely than not  that the Company will
realize the benefit of the net deferred tax asset, a valuation  allowance equal
to  the  deferred tax asset was present at December 31, 2003 and September  30,
2.004. The  significant  components  of the deferred tax asset at September 30,
2004 and December 31, 2003 were as follows:



                                            September 30,   December 31,
                                                 2004           2003
                                            -------------   ------------
Net operating loss carryforward              $  44,000      $  41,800
                                             =========      =========
Deferred tax asset                           $  14,900      $  14,200
Deferred tax asset valuation allowance         (14,900)       (14,200)
                                             ---------      ---------
Net deferred tax asset                       $       -      $       -
                                             =========      =========

At September 30, 2004, the Company has net operating   loss   carryforwards  of
approximately $44,000, which expire in the years 2020 through 2024.  The change
in  the allowance account from December 31, 2003 to September 30, 2004  was  an
increase of $700.

Revenue and Cost Recognition
- ----------------------------

Revenues from retail sales are recognized at the time the products are
delivered.

Although the Company does not provide a written warranty on its items sold, the
Company  will refund the purchase price paid to any customer in those instances
when an item  sold  is  proven to be non-authentic. In a majority of instances,
the  Company  receives a certificate  of  authenticity  for  documents  (items)
purchased from  its  vendors  and is reasonably assured as to the provenance of
its products. Since inception,  the Company has made no refunds for the sale of
any non-authentic items nor has the  Company  received  any claims or notice of
prospective  claims relating to such items. Accordingly, the  Company  has  not
established a reserve against forgery or non-authenticity.

If a product proves not to be authentic, the Company would give a full refund
to the purchaser and record a charge for sales returns.

                                     F-10


<PAGE>


APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2003 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

Use of Estimates
- ----------------

The process of  preparing  financial  statements  in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States  of America requires the use
of estimates and assumptions regarding certain types  of  assets,  liabilities,
revenues,   and   expenses.   Such  estimates  primarily  relate  to  unsettled
transactions  and  events  as  of  the   date   of  the  financial  statements.
Accordingly, upon settlement, actual results may differ from estimated amounts.
At September 30, 2004 and 2003, the Company had not participated in consignment
or conditional sales; therefore, there are no unsettled transactions related to
sales or cost of sales.


NOTE 3 - NOTES PAYABLE

During the year ended December 31, 2003, an outside  party  loaned  the Company
$1,200.  The unsecured loan bore no interest and was due on November 20,  2004.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2004, the Company repaid the loan in
full.


NOTE 4 - PREFERRED AND COMMON STOCK

The Company has 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized and none issued.

The Company has 20,000,000 shares of common stock authorized. All shares of
stock are non-assessable and non-cumulative, with no preemptive rights.

During the  year  ended  December 31, 1999, 300,000 shares of common stock were
issued to officers and directors  for  cash  in the amount of $300 (par value),
51,000 common shares were sold for $1.00 per share and 1,000 common shares were
issued  for  converted  debt.  Stock subscriptions  receivable  of  $16,000  at
December 31, 1999 were collected in the year ended December 31, 2000.

In September 2004, the Company issued 10,000 shares of common stock for cash in
the amount of $10,000.


NOTE 5 - STOCK OPTION PLAN

The Company's board of directors  approved  the  adoption  of  the  "2001  Non-
Qualified Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Rights Plan" by unanimous consent
on  January 15, 2001. This plan was initiated to encourage and enable officers,
directors,  consultants,  advisors  and  other  key employees of the Company to
acquire and retain a proprietary interest in the  Company  by  ownership of its
common  stock.  A total of 1,000,000 of the authorized shares of the Company's
common stock may  be  subject to, or issued pursuant to, the terms of the plan.
No options have been issued under the plan as of September 30, 2004.

                                      F-11

<PAGE>



APD ANTIQUITIES, INC.
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER 31, 2003 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2004
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 6 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Rental Agreement
- ----------------

The Company has a month-to-month rental agreement for office space in Spokane,
Washington. The monthly rent is $300. Rent payments were $2,700 for each of the
nine month periods ended September 30, 2004 and 2003.


NOTE 7 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The occasional usage of used computer equipment, provided to the Company by the
Company's officers at no charge, is considered immaterial for financial
reporting purposes.

The Company pays a 3% commission on every sale to both of the Company's two
officers. Commissions unpaid, but accrued, are unsecured, payable upon demand
and non-interest bearing.


                                      F-12

<PAGE>


Exhibit 99.3


UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements of APD
Antiquities, Inc. ("APD Antiquities") and GCJ, Inc. ("GCJ") gives
effect to the merger between APD Antiquities and GCJ under the purchase
method of accounting prescribed by Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 16,
Business Combinations.  These Pro Forma statements are presented for
illustrative purposes only. The pro forma adjustments are based upon available
information and assumptions that management believes are reasonable.  The
Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements do not purport to represent
what the results of operations or financial position of APD Antiquities
would actually have been if the merger had in fact occurred on September 30,
2004 nor do they purport to project the results of operations or financial
position of APD Antiquities for any future period or as of any date,
respectively.  The acquisition of GCJ by APD Antiquities has been
accounted for as a reverse acquisition under the purchase method for business
combinations. The combination of the two companies is recorded as a
recapitalization of APD Antiquities pursuant to which APD Antiquities is
treated as the continuing entity.

These Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements do not give effect to
any restructuring costs or to any potential cost savings or other operating
efficiencies that could result from the merger between APD Antiquities
and GCJ.

The financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2004 are derived from
unaudited financial statements of both APD Antiquities, Inc. and GCJ,
Inc.

You should read the financial information in this section along with GCJ's
historical financial statements and accompanying notes in prior Securities and
Exchange Commission filings.


                                      F-13



                           APD Antiquities, Inc.
                 Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Balance Sheet
                              September 30, 2004

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                            APD
                      Antiquities, Inc.    GCJ, Inc.                 Pro Forma
                       (Nevada Corp.)  (Nevada Corp.)  Adjustments   balance
                       --------------  --------------  -----------  ---------
<S>                    <C>             <C>             <C>          <C>
Assets

Current assets:
 Cash and equivalents  $       24,258  $            -  $         -  $  24,258
 Inventory                      1,597               -            -      1,597
                       --------------  --------------  -----------  ---------
   Total current assets        25,855                            -     25,855
                       --------------  --------------  -----------  ---------
                       $       25,855  $            -  $         -  $  25,855
                       ==============  ==============  ===========  =========

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:            7,575               -             -     7,575
                       --------------  --------------  -----------  ---------
  Total current
   liabilities                  7,575               -             -     7,575
                       --------------  --------------  -----------  ---------
Stockholders' (Deficit):

Preferred stock,
 $0.001 par value, 5,000,000
 shares authorized, zero
 shares issued and
  outstanding                       -               -            -          -
Common stock, $0.001
  par value, 70,000,000
  shares authorized,
  792,000 shares issued
  and outstanding                 362             430            -        792
 Additional paid-in
  capital                      61,938               -            -     61,938
 (Deficit) accumulated
 during development stage     (44,020)           (430)           -    (44,450)
                       --------------  --------------  -----------  ---------
                               18,280               -            -      4,648
                       --------------  --------------  -----------  ---------
                       $       25,855  $            -  $         -  $   4,648
                       ==============  ==============  ===========  =========

</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                     F-14


<PAGE>



                           APD Antiquities, Inc.
           Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Statements of Operations
                   For Period Ending September 30, 2004

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                             APD
                       Antiquities, Inc.   GCJ, Inc.                 Pro Forma
                       (Nevada Corp.)  (Nevada Corp.)  Adjustments   balance
                       --------------  --------------  -----------  ---------
<S>                      <C>           <C>             <C>          <C>
Revenue                  $     74,500  $            -  $         -  $  74,500
Cost of Goods Sold             66,031                                  66,031
                         ------------  --------------  -----------  ---------
Gross Profit                    8,469               -            -      8,469

Expenses:
General & administrative
  expenses                     10,589             430            -     11,019
                         ------------  --------------  -----------  ---------
 Total expenses                10,589             430            -     11,019
                         ------------  --------------  -----------  ---------
Loss from Operations           (2,120)           (430)          -      (2,550)

Other Income Expense
  Interest Expense                (70)              -            -        (70)

Net income (loss)        $     (2,190) $         (430) $         -   $ (2,620)
                         =============  ==============  ===========  =========
 Weighted average number
 of common shares
 outstanding                  352,293         430,000            -    782,293
                         ============  ==============  ===========  =========

Net loss per share       $      (0.00) $        (0.00) $         -  $  (0.00)
                         ============  ==============  ===========  =========

</TABLE>

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


                                      F-15



                                     Notes

Note 1

The acquisition has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition under the
purchase method for business combinations.  The combination of the two
companies is recorded as a recapitalization of APD Antiquities, Inc. pursuant
to which APD Antiquities, Inc is treated as the continuing entity.

                                     F-16


<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
