
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

                Digital Fusion Board Announces the Appointment of
                    Charles Lofty to its Board of Directors

    HUNTSVILLE, Ala.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 30, 2004--Digital Fusion,
Inc. (OTCBB:DIGF), an information technology ("IT") and engineering
services provider, today announced the election of Charles F. "Chuck"
Lofty to its Board of Directors. Mr. Lofty, who has a distinguished
and successful background in accounting and government contracting,
will also serve on the board's Audit Committee.
    Mr. Lofty is a founder and managing partner of RNR Ventures, LLC,
a seed capital investment company located in Huntsville, Alabama. He
currently serves as a director and/or chief financial officer of
several start-up companies. His other previous positions include
serving as Vice President of Finance, Contracts and Purchasing as well
as the Chief Financial Officer at Nichols Research Corporation, a
government contracting company headquartered in Huntsville, Alabama,
which was later acquired by CSC Corporation (NYSE:CSC). Mr. Lofty was
instrumental in Nichols Research becoming publicly traded on the
NASDAQ in 1987 and later completing its secondary offering in 1991.
Mr. Lofty was previously a partner in a public accounting firm.
    "We are pleased to add to our Board of Directors someone with
Chuck's substantial credentials and impressive background in
accounting and the government contracting industry," said Nicholas R.
Loglisci, Jr., chairman of the board. "His experience and government
contracting acumen will add value and perspective to our Board and in
particular to our Audit Committee."
    Mr. Lofty holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in accounting from Mount
Marty College.

    About Digital Fusion

    Digital Fusion is an information technology and engineering
services company that helps its customers make the most of technology
to meet their business needs. Digital Fusion's IT Services division
provides solutions to both government and commercial customers,
focused in the following areas: Business Process Automation,
Application Development and Data Management, Application Security, Web
Portals and Digital Dashboards, System Integration and IT Support.
Digital Fusion's Engineering Services division supports a variety of
customers with state-of-the-art solutions that include: Computational
Aerodynamics/CFD; Optical Systems Design, Development and Test;
Thermo/structural Dynamics; Models and Simulations;
Hardware-in-the-Loop Testing; Program Analysis; and Ground/Flight
Planning, Execution, and Data Analysis. Based in Huntsville AL,
Digital Fusion also has offices in Washington D.C., Orlando, and New
Jersey. For additional information about Digital Fusion visit
http://www.digitalfusion.com.
    Forward Looking Statements. All statements other than statements
of historical fact included in this release are forward-looking
statements. When used in this release, words such as "project",
"anticipate,'' "believe,'' "estimate,'' "expect,' "plan", "intend''
and similar expressions, as they relate to the Company or its
management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently
available to the Company's management, identify forward-looking
statements. Similarly, statements herein that describe the Company's
business strategy, outlook, objectives, plans, intentions or goals are
also forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ
materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements
as a result of certain factors including, but not limited to: the
effect of business and economic conditions; the impact of competitive
products and pricing; capacity and supply constraints or difficulties,
the Company's dependence on continued funding of U.S. government
programs; contract procurement and termination risks; competitive
factors such as pricing pressures and/or competition to hire and
retain employees, and material changes in laws or regulations
applicable to the Company businesses. Such statements reflect the
current views of the Company with respect to future events and are
subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions
relating to the operations, results of operations, growth strategy and
liquidity of the Company. These statements reflect the Company's
current beliefs and are based upon information currently available to
it. Be advised that developments subsequent to this release are likely
to cause these statements to become outdated with the passage of time.



    CONTACT: Digital Fusion Inc., Huntsville
             Roy E. Crippen, 256-837-2620
             rcrippen@digitalfusion.com


