
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1

                            INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

      THIS AGREEMENT is entered into, effective as of _________________ by and
between PHOTON DYNAMICS, INC., a California corporation (the "Company"), and
________________ ("Indemnitee").

      WHEREAS, it is essential to the Company to retain and attract as directors
and officers the most capable persons available;

      WHEREAS, Indemnitee is a director and/or officer of the Company;

      WHEREAS, both the Company and Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of
litigation and other claims currently being asserted against directors and
officers of corporations; and

      WHEREAS, in recognition of Indemnitee's need for substantial protection
against personal liability in order to enhance Indemnitee's continued and
effective service to the Company, and in order to induce Indemnitee to provide
services to the Company as a director and/or officer, the Company wishes to
provide in this Agreement for the indemnification of and the advancing of
expenses to Indemnitee to the fullest extent (whether partial or complete)
permitted by California law and as set forth in this Agreement, and, to the
extent insurance is maintained, for the coverage of Indemnitee under the
Company's directors' and officers' liability insurance policies.

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and of Indemnitee's
continuing to serve the Company directly or, at its request, with another
enterprise, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as
follows:

      1.    CERTAIN DEFINITIONS:

            (a)   BOARD: the Board of Directors of the Company.

            (b)   CHANGE IN CONTROL: shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) any
"person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Act")), other than a trustee or other
fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or a
corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company,
is or becomes the "Beneficial Owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act),
directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 30% or more of
the total voting power represented by the Company's then outstanding Voting
Securities, or (ii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who
at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director whose
election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company's shareholders
was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still
in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose
election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any
reason to constitute a majority of the Board, or (iii) the shareholders of the
Company approve a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other
corporation, other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the
Voting Securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto
continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted
into Voting Securities of the

                                       1.
<PAGE>

surviving entity) at least 80% of the total voting power represented by the
Voting Securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding
immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (iv) the shareholders of the
Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement
for the sale or disposition by the Company (in one transaction or a series of
transactions) of all or substantially all of the Company's assets.

            (c)   EXPENSES: any expense, liability, or loss, including
attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties, amounts
paid or to be paid in settlement, any interest, assessments, or other charges
imposed thereon, and any federal, state, local, or foreign taxes imposed as a
result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement,
paid or incurred in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness
in, or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing for any of the
foregoing in, any Proceeding relating to any Indemnifiable Event.

            (d)   INDEMNIFIABLE EVENT: any event or occurrence that takes place
either prior to or after the execution of this Agreement, related to the fact
that Indemnitee is or was a director or an officer of the Company, or while a
director or officer is or was serving at the request of the Company as a
director, officer, employee, trustee, agent, or fiduciary of another foreign or
domestic corporation, partnership, joint venture, employee benefit plan, trust,
or other enterprise, or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of a foreign
or domestic corporation that was a predecessor corporation of the Company or of
another enterprise at the request of such predecessor corporation, or related to
anything done or not done by Indemnitee in any such capacity, whether or not the
basis of the Proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director,
officer, employee, or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a
director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company, as described above.

            (e)   INDEPENDENT COUNSEL: the person or body appointed in
connection with Section 3.

            (f)   POTENTIAL CHANGE IN CONTROL: shall be deemed to have occurred
if (i) the Company enters into an agreement or arrangement, the consummation of
which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control; (ii) any person
(including the Company) publicly announces an intention to take or to consider
taking actions that, if consummated, would constitute a Change in Control; (iii)
any person (other than a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an
employee benefit plan of the Company acting in such capacity or a corporation
owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company),
who is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of
the Company representing l0% or more of the combined voting power of the
Company's then outstanding Voting Securities, increases his beneficial ownership
of such securities by 5% or more over the percentage so owned by such person on
the date hereof; or (iv) the Board adopts a resolution to the effect that, for
purposes of this Agreement, a Potential Change in Control has occurred.

            (g)   PROCEEDING: (i) any threatened, pending, or completed action,
suit, or proceeding, or whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative,
or other; (ii) any inquiry, hearing, or investigation, whether conducted by the
Company or any other party, that Indemnitee in good faith believes might lead to
the institution of any such action, suit, or proceeding.

                                       2.
<PAGE>

            (h)   REVIEWING PARTY: the person or body appointed in accordance
with Section 3.

            (i)   VOTING SECURITIES: any securities of the Company that vote
generally in the election of directors.

      2.    AGREEMENT TO INDEMNIFY.

            (a)   GENERAL AGREEMENT. In the event Indemnitee was, is, or becomes
a party to or witness or other participant in, a Proceeding by reason of (or
arising in part out of) an Indemnifiable Event, the Company shall indemnify
Indemnitee from and against any and all Expenses to the fullest extent permitted
by law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended or interpreted (but in
the case of any such amendment or interpretation, only to the extent that such
amendment or interpretation permits the Company to provide broader
indemnification rights than were permitted prior thereto). The parties hereto
intend that this Agreement shall provide for indemnification in excess of that
expressly permitted by statute, including, without limitation, any
indemnification provided by the Company's Articles of Incorporation, its bylaws,
vote of its shareholders or disinterested directors, or applicable law.

            (b)   INITIATION OF PROCEEDING. Notwithstanding anything in this
Agreement to the contrary, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification
pursuant to this Agreement in connection with any Proceeding initiated by
Indemnitee against the Company or any director or officer of the Company unless
(i) the Company has joined in or the Board has consented to the initiation of
such Proceeding; (ii) the Proceeding is one to enforce indemnification rights
under Section 5; or (iii) the Proceeding is instituted after a Change in Control
and Independent Counsel has approved its initiation.

            (c)   EXPENSE ADVANCES. If so requested by Indemnitee, the Company
shall advance (within ten business days of such request) any and all Expenses to
Indemnitee (an "Expense Advance"); provided that, if and to the extent that the
Reviewing Party determines that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be so
indemnified under applicable law, the Company shall be entitled to be reimbursed
by Indemnitee (who hereby agrees to reimburse the Company) for all such amounts
theretofore paid. If Indemnitee has commenced legal proceedings in a court of
competent jurisdiction to secure a determination that Indemnitee should be
indemnified under applicable law, as provided in Section 4, any determination
made by the Reviewing Party that Indemnitee would not be permitted to be
indemnified under applicable law shall not be binding and Indemnitee shall not
be required to reimburse the Company for any Expense Advance until a final
judicial determination is made with respect thereto (as to which all rights of
appeal therefrom have been exhausted or have lapsed). Indemnitee's obligation to
reimburse the Company for Expense Advances shall be unsecured and no interest
shall be charged thereon.

            (d)   MANDATORY INDEMNIFICATION. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement (other than Section 2(f) below), to the extent that Indemnitee
has been successful on the merits in defense of any Proceeding relating in whole
or in part to an Indemnifiable Event or in defense of any issue or matter
therein, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses incurred in
connection therewith.

                                       3.
<PAGE>

            (e)   PARTIAL INDEMNIFICATION. If Indemnitee is entitled under any
provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a
portion of Expenses, but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company
shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which
Indemnitee is entitled.

            (f)   PROHIBITED INDEMNIFICATION. No indemnification pursuant to
this Agreement shall be paid by the Company on account of any Proceeding in
which judgment is rendered against Indemnitee for an accounting of profits made
from the purchase or sale by Indemnitee of securities of the Company pursuant to
the provisions of Section 16(b) of the Act or similar provisions of any federal,
state, or local laws.

      3.    REVIEWING PARTY. Prior to any Change in Control, the Reviewing party
shall be any appropriate person or body consisting of a member or members of the
Board or any other person or body appointed by the Board who is not a party to
the particular Proceeding with respect to which Indemnitee is seeking
indemnification; after a Change in Control, the Reviewing Party shall be the
Independent Counsel referred to below. With respect to all matters arising after
a Change in Control (other than a Change in Control approved by a majority of
the directors on the Board who were directors immediately prior to such Change
in Control) concerning the rights of Indemnitee to indemnity payments and
Expense Advances under this Agreement or any other agreement or under applicable
law or the Company's Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws now or hereafter in
effect relating to indemnification for Indemnifiable Events, the Company shall
seek legal advice only from Independent Counsel selected by Indemnitee and
approved by the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), and
who has not otherwise performed services for the Company or the Indemnitee
(other than in connection with indemnification matters) within the last five
years. The Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the
applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a
conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an
action to determine Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement. Such counsel,
among other things, shall render its written opinion to the Company and
Indemnitee as to whether and to what extent the Indemnitee should be permitted
to be indemnified under applicable law. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable
fees of the Independent Counsel and to indemnify fully such counsel against any
and all expenses (including attorneys' fees), claims, liabilities, loss, and
damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the engagement of
Independent Counsel pursuant hereto.

      4.    INDEMNIFICATION PROCESS AND APPEAL.

            (a)   INDEMNIFICATION PAYMENT. Indemnitee shall be entitled to
indemnification of Expenses, and shall receive payment thereof, from the Company
in accordance with this Agreement as soon as practicable after Indemnitee has
made written demand on the Company for indemnification, unless the Reviewing
Party has given a written opinion to the Company that Indemnitee is not entitled
to indemnification under applicable law.

            (b)   SUIT TO ENFORCE RIGHTS. Regardless of any action by the
Reviewing Party, if Indemnitee has not received full indemnification within
thirty days after making a demand in accordance with Section 4(a), Indemnitee
shall have the right to enforce its indemnification rights under this Agreement
by commencing litigation in any court in the State

                                       4.
<PAGE>

of California having subject matter jurisdiction thereof and in which venue is
proper seeking an initial determination by the court or challenging any
determination by the Reviewing Party or any aspect thereof. The Company hereby
consents to service of process and to appear in any such proceeding. Any
determination by the Reviewing Party not challenged by the Indemnitee shall be
binding on the Company and Indemnitee. The remedy provided for in this Section 4
shall be in addition to any other remedies available to Indemnitee in law or
equity.

            (c)   DEFENSE TO INDEMNIFICATION, BURDEN OF PROOF, AND PRESUMPTIONS.
It shall be a defense to any action brought by Indemnitee against the Company to
enforce this Agreement (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for
Expenses incurred in defending a Proceeding in advance of its final disposition
where the required undertaking has been tendered to the Company) that it is not
permissible under applicable law for the Company to indemnify Indemnitee for the
amount claimed. In connection with any such action or any determination by the
Reviewing Party or otherwise as to whether Indemnitee is entitled to be
indemnified hereunder, the burden of proving such a defense or determination
shall be on the Company. Neither the failure of the Reviewing Party or the
Company (including its Board, independent legal counsel, or its shareholders) to
have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action by Indemnitee
that indemnification of the claimant is proper under the circumstances because
Indemnitee has met the standard of conduct set forth in applicable law, nor an
actual determination by the Reviewing Party or Company (including its Board,
independent legal counsel, or its shareholders) that the Indemnitee had not met
such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create
a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of
conduct. For purposes of this Agreement, the termination of any claim, action,
suit, or proceeding, by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without
court approval), conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere, or its
equivalent, shall not create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet any
particular standard of conduct or have any particular belief or that a court has
determined that indemnification is not permitted by applicable law.

      5.    INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES INCURRED IN ENFORCING RIGHTS. The
Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against any and all Expenses and, if
requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten business days of such request),
advance such Expenses to Indemnitee, that are incurred by Indemnitee in
connection with any claim asserted against or action brought by Indemnitee for:

            (i)   indemnification of Expenses or Expense Advances by the Company
under this Agreement or any other agreement or under applicable law or the
Company's Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws now or hereafter in effect
relating to indemnification for Indemnifiable Events, and/or

            (ii)  recovery under directors' and officers' liability insurance
policies maintained by the Company, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately
is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, Expense Advances, or
insurance recovery, as the case may be.

                                       5.
<PAGE>

      6.    NOTIFICATION AND DEFENSE OF PROCEEDING.

            (a)   NOTICE. Promptly after receipt by Indemnitee of notice of the
commencement of any Proceeding, Indemnitee shall, if a claim in respect thereof
is to be made against the Company under this Agreement, notify the Company of
the commencement thereof; but the omission so to notify the Company will not
relieve the Company from any liability that it may have to Indemnitee, except as
provided in Section 6(c).

            (b)   DEFENSE. With respect to any Proceeding as to which Indemnitee
notifies the Company of the commencement thereof, the Company shall be entitled
to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense and except as otherwise
provided below, to the extent the Company so wishes, it may assume the defense
thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee. After notice from
the Company to Indemnitee of its election to assume the defense of any
Proceeding, the Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement
or otherwise for any Expenses subsequently incurred by Indemnitee in connection
with the defense of such Proceeding other than reasonable costs of investigation
or as otherwise provided below. Indemnitee shall have the right to employ his or
her own legal counsel in such Proceeding, but all Expenses related thereto
incurred after notice from the Company of its assumption of the defense shall be
at Indemnitee's expense unless: (i) the employment of legal counsel by
Indemnitee has been authorized by the Company, (ii) Indemnitee has reasonably
determined that there may be a conflict of interest between Indemnitee and the
Company in the defense of the Proceeding, (iii) after a Change in Control, the
employment of counsel by Indemnitee has been approved by the Independent
Counsel, or (iv) the Company shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume
the defense of such Proceeding, in each of which case all Expenses of the
Proceeding shall be borne by the Company. The Company shall not be entitled to
assume the defense of any Proceeding brought by or on behalf of the Company or
as to which Indemnitee shall have made the determination provided for in (ii)
above.

            (c)   SETTLEMENT OF CLAIMS. The Company shall not be liable to
indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise for any amounts paid in
settlement of any Proceeding effected without the Company's written consent,
provided, however, that if a Change in Control has occurred, the Company shall
be liable for indemnification of Indemnitee for amounts paid in settlement if
the Independent Counsel has approved the settlement. The Company shall not
settle any Proceeding in any manner that would impose any penalty or limitation
on Indemnitee without Indemnitee's written consent. Neither the Company nor the
Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold their consent to any proposed settlement.
The Company shall not be liable to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement
with regard to any judicial award if the Company was not given a reasonable and
timely opportunity, at its expense, to participate in the defense of such
action; the Company's liability hereunder shall not be excused if participation
in the Proceeding by the Company was barred by this Agreement.

      7.    ESTABLISHMENT OF TRUST. In the event of a Change in Control or a
Potential Change in Control, the Company shall, upon written request by
Indemnitee, create a Trust for the benefit of the Indemnitee and from time to
time upon written request of Indemnitee shall fund the Trust in an amount
sufficient to satisfy any and all Expenses reasonably anticipated at the time of
each such request to be incurred in connection with investigating, preparing
for, participating in, and/or defending any Proceeding relating to an
Indemnifiable Event. The

                                       6.
<PAGE>

amount or amounts to be deposited in the Trust pursuant to the foregoing funding
obligation shall be determined by the Reviewing Party. The terms of the Trust
shall provide that upon a Change in Control, (i) the Trust shall not be revoked
or the principal thereof invaded, without the written consent of the Indemnitee,
(ii) the Trustee shall advance, within ten business days of a request by the
Indemnitee, any and all Expenses to the Indemnitee (and the Indemnitee hereby
agrees to reimburse the Trust under the same circumstances for which the
Indemnitee would be required to reimburse the Company under Section 2(c) of this
Agreement), (iii) the Trust shall continue to be funded by the Company in
accordance with the funding obligation set forth above, (iv) the Trustee shall
promptly pay to the Indemnitee all amounts for which the Indemnitee shall be
entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, and (v) all
unexpended funds in the Trust shall revert to the Company upon a final
determination by the Reviewing Party or a court of competent jurisdiction, as
the case may be, that the Indemnitee has been fully indemnified under the terms
of this Agreement. The Trustee shall be chosen by the Indemnitee. Nothing in
this Section 7 shall relieve the Company of any of its obligations under this
Agreement. All income earned on the assets held in the Trust shall be reported
as income by the Company for federal, state, local, and foreign tax purposes.
The Company shall pay all costs of establishing and maintaining the Trust and
shall indemnify the Trustee against any and all expenses (including attorneys'
fees), claims, liabilities, loss, and damages arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or the establishment and maintenance of the Trust.

      8.    NON-EXCLUSIVITY. The rights of Indemnitee hereunder shall be in
addition to any other rights Indemnitee may have under the Company's Articles of
Incorporation, Bylaws, applicable law, or otherwise. To the extent that a change
in applicable law (whether by statute or judicial decision) permits greater
indemnification by agreement than would be afforded currently under the
Company's Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, applicable law, or this Agreement,
it is the intent of the parties that Indemnitee enjoy by this Agreement the
greater benefits so afforded by such change.

      9.    LIABILITY INSURANCE. The Company will use its commercially
reasonable best efforts to obtain and maintain a policy or policies of insurance
with reputable insurance companies providing the Indemnitee with coverage for
losses from wrongful acts, and to ensure the Company's performance of its
indemnification obligations under the Agreement. To the extent the Company
maintains an insurance policy or policies providing directors' and officers'
liability insurance, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies, in
accordance with its or their terms, to the maximum extent of the coverage
available for any Company director or officer. Not withstanding the foregoing,
if the Company, after employing commercially reasonable efforts as provided in
this section, determines in good faith that such insurance is not reasonably
available, if the premium costs for such insurance is disproportionate to the
amount of coverage provided, or if the coverage provided by such insurance is
limited by exclusions so as to provide an insufficient benefit the Company shall
use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain a policy or
policies of insurance with coverage having features as similar as practicable to
those described above.

      10.   PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS. No legal action shall be brought and no cause
of action shall be asserted by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliate of
the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitee's spouse, heirs, executors, or
personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the
date of accrual of such cause of action, or such longer period as

                                       7.
<PAGE>

may be required by state law under the circumstances. Any claim or cause of
action of the Company or its affiliate shall be extinguished and deemed released
unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such period;
provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise
applicable to any such cause of action the shorter period shall govern.

      11.   AMENDMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT. No supplement, modification, or
amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both
of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement
shall operate as a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not
similar), nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. Except as
specifically provided herein, no failure to exercise or any delay in exercising
any right or remedy hereunder shall constitute a waiver thereof.

      12.   SUBROGATION. In the event of payment under this Agreement, the
Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights
of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and shall do
everything that may be necessary to secure such rights, including the execution
of such documents necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to
enforce such rights.

      13.   NO DUPLICATION OF PAYMENTS. The Company shall not be liable under
this Agreement to make any payment in connection with any claim made against
Indemnitee to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise received payment (under any
insurance policy, Bylaw, or otherwise) of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable
hereunder.

      14.   BINDING EFFECT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective
successors (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger,
consolidation, or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or
assets of the Company), assigns, spouses, heirs, and personal and legal
representatives. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether
direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all,
substantially all, or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the
Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee,
expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and
to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such
succession had taken place. The indemnification provided under this Agreement
shall continue as to Indemnitee for any action taken or not taken while serving
in an indemnified capacity pertaining to an Indemnifiable Event even though he
or she may have ceased to serve in such capacity at the time of any Proceeding.

      15.   SEVERABILITY. If any provision (or portion thereof) of this
Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,
void, or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain
enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. Furthermore, to the fullest
extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without
limitation, each portion of this Agreement containing any provision held to be
invalid, void, or otherwise unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, void, or
unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested
by the provision held invalid, void, or unenforceable.

                                       8.
<PAGE>

      16.   GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable to
contracts made and to be performed in such State without giving effect to the
principles of conflicts of laws.

      17.   NOTICES. All notices, demands, and other communications required or
permitted hereunder shall be made in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly given if delivered by hand, against receipt, or mailed, postage prepaid,
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and addressed to the
Company at:

                               Photon Dynamics, Inc.
                               5970 Optical Court
                               San Jose, California 95138
                               Attention: President

      Notice of change of address shall be effective only when given in
accordance with this Section. All notices complying with this Section shall be
deemed to have been received on the date of delivery or on the third business
day after mailing.

      18.   COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

                                       9.
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered
this Agreement as of the specified above.

                                       PHOTON DYNAMICS, INC.

                                       By:______________________________________

                                       Title:___________________________________

                                       INDEMNITEE:

                                       Name:____________________________________

                                       10.

