

Exhibit 10.01


THE SECURITIES  REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
CONVERSION  HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED.  THE SECURITIES  HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD,
TRANSFERRED  OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT
FOR THE SECURITIES  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,  OR AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE TO THE BORROWER
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE
144 UNDER SAID ACT. ANY SUCH SALE,  ASSIGNMENT OR TRANSFER MUST ALSO COMPLY WITH
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

                            SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE
                                 (No. CTS-04-37)

December 22, 2004                                                  $5,000,000.00


FOR VALUE RECEIVED, NCT GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation  (hereinafter called
the  "Borrower")  hereby  promises  to pay to the  order of  Carole  Salkind  or
registered  assigns (the "Holder") the sum of Five Million  Dollars and No Cents
($5,000,000.00)  on  December  22,  2009,  and to  pay  interest  on the  unpaid
principal  balance  hereof at twelve  percent  (12%)  per annum  (the  "Ordinary
Interest Rate") retroactively from December 1, 2004 (the "Start Date") until the
same  becomes  due and  payable,  whether at maturity  or upon  acceleration  or
otherwise. Interest shall commence accruing on the Start Date and, to the extent
this Note is not prepaid or  converted  in  accordance  with the  provisions  of
Articles I and II below,  shall be payable in quarterly  installments in arrears
on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each calendar  year,  except that
no interest shall be payable on January 1, 2005,  April 1, 2005 or July 1, 2005,
and the  interest  payable on October 1, 2005 shall be as accrued from the Start
Date.  All  accrued  interest  shall be due and  payable  on  October  1,  2005,
including the regular interest payment then due. All remaining interest shall be
due and payable on the date this Note is fully paid, whether at maturity or upon
acceleration  or by  prepayment  or  otherwise.  Any amount of  principal  of or
interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate
of five percent (5%) above the Ordinary  Interest  Rate (the  "Default  Interest
Rate")  from the due date  thereof  until  the same is  paid.  All  payments  of
principal and interest (to the extent not converted in accordance with the terms
hereof)  shall be made in lawful  money of the  United  States of  America.  All
payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the
Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of this Note.

The following terms shall apply to this Note:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   PREPAYMENT

     1.1  PREPAYMENT.  This Note may be prepaid by the Borrower only as follows:
(a) On or prior to March 31,  2005,  in whole but not in part;  (b) on and after
April 1,  2005,  from  time to time,  in whole or in part,  but no more than one
prepayment  (whether  in  whole  or in  part)  in each  calendar  year;  and (c)
otherwise,  with the  Holder's  prior  written  consent.  In the case of partial
prepayment, interest on the principal amount so prepaid shall be due and payable
simultaneously with the prepayment of principal.

                                   ARTICLE II

<PAGE>


            CONVERSION AND PURCHASE RIGHTS; PAYMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE

     2.1  CONVERSION  RIGHT.  The Holder  shall have the right (the  "Conversion
Right") at any time on or prior to the day this Note is paid in full, to convert
at any time all or from  time to time any  part of the  outstanding  and  unpaid
principal  amount of this Note of at least  $50,000,  or such  lesser  amount as
shall remain unpaid at the time of the conversion,  into, at Holder's  election,
(i) fully paid and  non-assessable  shares of common  stock,  par value $.01 per
share, of the Borrower ("Common  Stock"),  at the conversion price determined by
Section  2.2(a)  hereof;  (ii) if Artera  (UK)  Limited  ("Artera")  has made an
initial public  offering of its common stock,  par value  (pound)1.00 per share,
fully paid and non-assessable  shares of such stock owned by the Borrower,  at a
conversion price equal to the initial public offering price of such stock; (iii)
if  Distributed  Media  Corporation  International  Limited  ("DMCI") has made a
public offering of its common stock, par value (pound)1.00 per share, fully paid
and non-assessable  shares of such stock owned by the Borrower,  at a conversion
price equal to the initial public offering price of such stock;  and (iv) if any
other subsidiary of the Borrower (other than Pro Tech Communications,  Inc.) has
made a public offering of its common stock, fully paid and non-assessable shares
of such stock owned by the Borrower,  at a conversion price equal to the initial
public  offering  price  of  such  stock.  Upon  the  surrender  of  this  Note,
accompanied  by a Notice of Conversion of Secured  Convertible  Note in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit 1, properly completed and duly executed by the Holder
(a "Conversion Notice"),  the Borrower shall issue and, within five (5) business
days after such surrender of this Note with the Conversion Notice, deliver to or
upon the order of the Holder (x) that  number of shares of common  stock for the
portion of the Note converted as shall be determined in accordance  herewith and
(y) a new  Note in the form  hereof  for the  balance  of the  principal  amount
hereof, if any.

     The number of shares of common stock to be issued upon each  conversion  of
this Note shall be determined by dividing (i) the sum of (A) that portion of the
principal  amount  of the Note to be  converted  plus (B) the  "Conversion  Date
Interest" (as defined below), by (ii) the Conversion Price (as defined below) in
effect on the date the  Conversion  Notice is  delivered  to the Borrower by the
Holder.  Conversion Date Interest means the product of (i) the principal  amount
of the Note to be converted,  multiplied by (ii) a fraction (A) the numerator of
which is the number of days elapsed  since the date of issuance of this Note and
(B) the  denominator of which is 365,  multiplied by the Ordinary  Interest Rate
(iii) or, a  fraction  (A) the  numerator  of which is the number of days in the
period  of  time  after  the  occurrence  of an  Event  of  Default  and (B) the
denominator of which is 365, multiplied by the Default Interest Rate.

     2.2 CONVERSION PRICE.

     (a) The per share  "Conversion  Price" for conversion of this Note into the
Borrower's Common Stock shall be $0.0166.  The Conversion Price shall be subject
to  equitable  adjustments  for stock  splits,  stock  dividends,  combinations,
recapitalization,  reclassifications  and  similar  events.  The Artera and DMCI
"Conversion  Price" shall be equal to the initial public  offering price of such
stock and also be subject  to  equitable  adjustments  for stock  splits,  stock
dividends, combinations, reclassifications and similar events.

     (b) Borrower shall promptly notify each Holder of any adjustment (and event
that requires  adjustment) to the Conversion Price of Borrower,  Artera and DMCI
pursuant to this Section 2.2.

     2.3 AUTHORIZED  SHARES.  The Borrower  covenants that during the period the
Conversion Right exists,  the Borrower will use its best efforts to reserve from
its  authorized  and  unissued  Common  Stock a  sufficient  number of shares to
provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full  conversion of this Note.
The Borrower represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly
issued,  fully paid and  non-assessable.  The Borrower (i) acknowledges  that it
will  irrevocably  instruct its

                                       2
<PAGE>


transfer agent as soon as practicable to issue certificates for the Common Stock
issuable upon  conversion of this Note and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this
Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents, who are charged
with  the duty of  executing  stock  certificates,  to  execute  and  issue  the
necessary  certificates  for shares of Common Stock upon the  conversion of this
Note.  In the event  that a  sufficient  number of  shares  cannot be  reserved,
Borrower  agrees  to use its  best  efforts  to call an  annual  meeting  of the
Borrower's  shareholders  and seek  approval  for an increase in the  authorized
shares  of the  Borrower's  Common  Stock to a number of  shares  sufficient  to
provide for the full conversion of this Note.

     2.4 METHOD OF  CONVERSION.  Except as  otherwise  provided  in this Note or
agreed to by the Holder,  this Note may be  converted  by the Holder in whole at
any time or in part (provided such partial  conversion is at least $50,000) from
time to time by (i) submitting to the Borrower a Conversion Notice (by facsimile
dispatched on the  Conversion  Date and confirmed by U.S. mail or overnight mail
service sent within two business days  thereafter)  and (ii)  surrendering  this
Note with the mailed  confirmation  of the  Conversion  Notice at the  principal
office of the Borrower.  Upon partial exercise of the conversion rights provided
hereby, a new Note containing the same date and provisions as this Note shall be
issued by the  Borrower  to the  Holder for the  principal  balance of this Note
which shall not have been  converted.  This Note has been issued by the Borrower
pursuant to the exemption from  registration  provided  either by Section 4.2 or
Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act").

     2.5  RESTRICTIONS  ON SHARES.  The  shares of common  stock  issuable  upon
conversion  of this Note may not be sold or  transferred  unless  (i) they first
shall have been registered  under the Act and applicable  state securities laws,
(ii) the Borrower shall have been furnished with an opinion of legal counsel (in
form, substance and scope reasonably  acceptable to Borrower) to the effect that
such sale or transfer is exempt from the registration requirements of the Act or
(iii) they are sold  pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act.  Each  certificate  for
shares of common stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note that have not been
so registered  and that have not been sold pursuant to an exemption that permits
removal of the legend,  shall bear a legend substantially in the following form,
as appropriate:

        THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
        REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THE
        SECURITIES  HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE
        SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE
        REGISTRATION   STATEMENT  FOR  THE   SECURITIES   UNDER  THE
        SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL
        IN FORM,  SUBSTANCE AND SCOPE  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE TO THE
        BORROWER THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR
        UNLESS SOLD  PURSUANT  TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT.  ANY SUCH
        SALE,   ASSIGNMENT   OR  TRANSFER   MUST  ALSO  COMPLY  WITH
        APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.

     Upon the request of a holder of a  certificate  representing  any shares of
common stock  issuable upon  conversion of this Note,  the Borrower shall remove
the  foregoing  legend  from  the  certificate  or  issue  to such  holder a new
certificate  therefor free of any transfer legend, if (i) with such request, the
Borrower  shall  have  received   either  an  opinion  of  counsel,   reasonably
satisfactory  to the Borrower in form,  substance and scope,  to the effect that
any such legend may be removed  from such  certificate,  or (ii) a  registration
statement under the Act covering such  securities is in effect.  Nothing in this
Note shall affect in any way the Holder's  obligations to comply with applicable
securities laws upon the resale of the securities referred to herein.

                                       3
<PAGE>


     Borrower agrees to use its best efforts to register with the Securities and
Exchange  Commission,  no later  than the end of the term of this  Note  (unless
legally  prohibited  from doing so), a number of shares of Common Stock equal to
the  principal  amount  of this  Note  outstanding  at the time of  registration
divided by the  Conversion  Price with  respect to  Borrower.  Such Common Stock
shall not be used, without permission from the Holder, for any other purposes.

     2.6 EFFECT OF MERGER, CONSOLIDATION,  ETC. If at any time when this Note is
issued and outstanding,  there shall be any merger,  consolidation,  exchange of
shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of
which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a
different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or securities of
the Borrower or another  entity,  or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or
substantially  all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a
plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall
thereafter  have the right to receive  upon  conversion  of this Note,  upon the
bases and upon the  terms and  conditions  specified  herein  and in lieu of the
shares of Common Stock then issuable upon  conversion of this Note (assuming the
occurrence of the Amendments whether or not that has then occurred), such stock,
securities  or assets  which the Holder  would have been  entitled to receive in
such  transaction  had  this  Note  been  converted  immediately  prior  to such
transaction,  and in any such  case  appropriate  provisions  shall be made with
respect to the rights and  interests  of the Holder of this Note to the end that
the provisions hereof (including, without limitation,  provisions for adjustment
of the Conversion  Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of
this Note) shall  thereafter be  applicable,  as nearly as may be practicable in
relation to any securities or assets  thereafter  deliverable  upon the exercise
hereof. The Borrower shall not effect any transaction  described in this Section
2.6 unless the  resulting  successor or acquiring  entity (if not the  Borrower)
assumes by written  instrument  the  obligations of this Section 2.6. The Holder
will have the right if a merger or consolidation  occurs to force the payment in
full of this Note.

     2.7 CONVERSION  AFTER EVENT OF DEFAULT.  The Holder's right to convert this
Note into stock as  described  above shall apply even if an Event of Default (as
defined in Article III below) shall have occurred.

                                   ARTICLE III

                                EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     Each of the  following  shall be an event of  default  (each,  an "Event of
Default"):

     3.1 FAILURE TO PAY PRINCIPAL OR INTEREST. The Borrower fails (i) to pay the
principal hereof when due, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or otherwise
or (ii) to pay any  installment of interest  hereon when due and, in the case of
this  clause (ii) only,  such  failure  continues  for a period of five (5) days
after the due date thereof;

     3.2  CONVERSION.  The Borrower fails to issue shares of common stock to the
Holder  upon  exercise by the Holder of the  conversion  rights of the Holder in
accordance  with the terms of this Note,  and any such  failure  shall  continue
uncured for five (5) business  days after the Borrower  shall have been notified
thereof in writing by the Holder;

     3.3 BREACH OF  COVENANT.  The Borrower  breaches  any material  covenant or
other  material  term or  condition  of this Note  (other  than as  specifically
provided in Sections 3.1 and 3.2 hereof), and such breach continues for a period
of ten (10) business days after written  notice thereof to the Borrower from the
Holder;

                                       4
<PAGE>


     3.4  BREACH  OF  REPRESENTATIONS  AND  WARRANTIES.  Any  representation  or
warranty  of  the  Borrower  made  herein  or in  any  agreement,  statement  or
certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection  herewith shall be
false or  misleading  in any material  respect when made and the breach of which
would have a material  adverse  effect on the  Borrower or the  prospects of the
Borrower or a material  adverse effect on the Holder or the rights of the Holder
with respect to this Note or the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note;

     3.5  RECEIVER OR TRUSTEE.  The Borrower or any  subsidiary  of the Borrower
shall make an assignment  for the benefit of creditors,  or apply for or consent
to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial  part of
its  property or  business;  or such a receiver or trustee  shall  otherwise  be
appointed;

     3.6 JUDGMENTS. Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered
or filed  against the Borrower or any  subsidiary  of the Borrower or any of its
property or other assets for more than  $250,000,  and shall  remain  unvacated,
unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days unless otherwise consented
to by the Holder;

     3.7  BANKRUPTCY.  Bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization  or  liquidation
proceedings or other  proceedings for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law
for the relief of debtors  shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any
subsidiary of the Borrower;

     3.8 MATERIAL LOSS OR THEFT.  Material loss or theft,  substantial damage or
destruction or unauthorized  sale or encumbrance of any material  portion of the
Collateral  (as defined in Article IV hereof) in excess of  reasonably  expected
recoveries under insurance policies, or the making of any levy on, or seizure or
attachment  of or  entry  of a  judgment  against  a  material  portion  of  the
Collateral; or

     3.9 REPORTS.  A material  omission or  misstatement  in any of the Debtor's
previously  or  hereafter  filed  reports  pursuant to the  requirements  of the
Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as  amended,  or the rules  and  regulations
promulgated thereunder.

     Upon the  occurrence  and during the  continuation  of any Event of Default
specified in Sections  3.1(i),  3.2, 3.3,  3.4,  3.6, 3.8 or 3.9 hereof,  at the
option of the Holder  hereof,  and upon the  occurrence  of any event of default
specified in Sections 3.5 or 3.7 hereof,  the Borrower  shall pay to the Holder,
in  satisfaction of its obligation to pay the  outstanding  principal  amount of
this Note and accrued and unpaid interest thereon, an amount equal to the sum of
(i) the  product  of (x) the then  outstanding  principal  amount  of this  Note
multiplied  by (y) 110% plus (ii)  accrued  and  unpaid  interest  on the unpaid
principal amount of this Note to the date of payment (the "Default  Amount") and
such Default Amount, together with all other ancillary amounts payable hereunder
shall  immediately  become due and payable,  all without demand,  presentment or
notice,  all of which  hereby are  expressly  waived,  together  with all costs,
including,  without limitation,  legal fees and expenses of collection,  and the
Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies  available at
law or in equity.  If the Borrower  fails to pay the Default  Amount within five
(5) business  days of written  notice that such amount is due and payable,  then
the Holder shall have the right at any time, so long as the Borrower  remains in
default, to require the Borrower,  upon written notice, to immediately issue (in
accordance with the terms of Article II hereof),  in lieu of the Default Amount,
the number of shares of Common Stock of the Borrower equal to the Default Amount
divided by the Conversion Price then in effect.

     The occurrence of an Event of Default  specified in Section  3.1(ii) hereof
shall not give rise to the  acceleration and Default Payment rights described in
the immediately  preceding  paragraph.  However,  upon an Event of Default under
Section  3.1(ii),  the  Borrower  shall pay to the  Holder,  in  addition to the
interest  installment  triggering  the operation of Section  3.1(ii),  an amount
equal to the product of (iii) the

                                       5
<PAGE>


then  outstanding  principal  amount  of this Note  multiplied  by (iv) 10% (the
"Interest  Default Amount") and such Interest  Default Amount shall  immediately
become due and payable, all without demand,  presentment or notice, all of which
hereby  are  expressly  waived,  together  with all  costs,  including,  without
limitation,  legal fees and  expenses of  collection.  With  respect to interest
installments due and payable  thereafter under this Note, if an Event of Default
occurs under Section 3.1(ii) with respect to any such subsequent  installment or
the Borrower has not, as of the date of such subsequent  Event of Default,  paid
all amounts due with respect to prior interest installments  (including Interest
Default  Amounts),  an additional  payment equal to the Interest  Default Amount
(calculated at such subsequent date) shall  immediately  become due and payable,
all without  demand,  presentment  or notice,  all of which hereby are expressly
waived, together with all costs, including,  without limitation,  legal fees and
expenses of collection.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                   COLLATERAL

     Borrower agrees that the lien created by the UCC-1  financing  statement(s)
assigned to Holder by Production  Resource Group,  LLC shall serve as collateral
for this Note.  As  additional  collateral,  Borrower  hereby grants to Holder a
security interest in all inventory,  machinery, equipment, stocks, bonds, notes,
accounts  receivable,  any rights or claims that they may have against any other
person,  firm, or corporation for monies,  choses in action,  any bank accounts,
checking accounts,  certificates of deposit or any financial instrument, patents
and intellectual property rights or any other assets owned by Borrower as of the
date of this agreement, or hereafter acquired.

     The lien of the holder of this note shall  continue until this note is paid
or otherwise disposed of in accordance with its terms and conditions.

     All  collateral  rights in  intellectual  property is  subordinated  to the
Borrower's current licenses and future licenses  provided,  that with respect to
future  licenses,  the consent of the Holder must be obtained,  but such consent
will not be unreasonably  withheld.  The patents and intellectual property which
are licensed under the cross license  agreement dated September 27, 1997,  among
NXT plc, New Transducers Limited, being related companies,  the Borrower and NCT
Audio Products,  Inc. (or any successor  agreements) are  specifically  excluded
from the collateral.  There are approximately 20 pieces of intellectual property
in which,  under the cross license  agreement,  Borrower may not, and hence does
not herein, grant a security interest.  In addition,  all agreements between NCT
Audio  Products,  Inc. and the Borrower that relate to such  agreement,  and the
stock of NCT Audio  Products,  Inc.  owned by the Borrower,  shall  similarly be
excluded from the security interest granted in this Note.

     If Borrower does not pay the debt or other obligations under this Note when
due, the  collateral may be sold in order to pay such debt and  obligations,  or
same may be transferred  to the name of the Holder,  as Holder in her discretion
decides.  Holder may inspect the  collateral at all reasonable  times.  Borrower
further agrees that it will do anything reasonably  requested by Holder in order
to make Holder's security interest in the collateral legally effective including
the execution of a UCC-1.

                                    ARTICLE V

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

5.1      FAILURE OR  INDULGENCY  NOT WAIVER.  No failure or delay on the part of
the Holder in the  exercise of any power,  right or  privilege  hereunder  shall
operate as a waiver  thereof,  nor shall any single or partial  exercise  of any
such power,  right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or

                                       6
<PAGE>


of any other  right,  power or  privilege.  All  rights  and  remedies  existing
hereunder  are  cumulative  to, and not  exclusive  of,  any rights or  remedies
otherwise available.

5.2      NOTICES.  Notices,  demands and other  communications  given under this
Note shall be in writing  and shall be deemed to have been given when  delivered
(if personally  delivered),  on the scheduled date of delivery (if delivered via
commercial  courier),  three  days  after  mailed  (if  mailed by  certified  or
registered mail, return receipt requested) or when sent by facsimile (if sent by
facsimile  with  evidence of  successful  transmission  retained by the sender);
provided, however, that failure to give proper and timely notice as set forth in
the "with a copy to" provisions below shall not invalidate a notice properly and
timely given to the associated party. Unless another address or facsimile number
is specified by notice hereunder, all notices shall be sent as follows:


If to the Holder:                            with a copy to:
- ----------------                             --------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ms. Carole Salkind                           Peter Rosen, Esq.
18911 Collins Ave., Apt. 2403                Rosen & Avigliano
Sunny Isles Beach, FL 33160                  431 Route 10 East
                                             Randolph, NJ  07689
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Facsimile:  305-932-2425                     Facsimile:  973-361-1644
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If to the Borrower:                          with a copy to:
- ------------------                           --------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NCT Group, Inc.                              NCT Group, Inc.
20 Ketchum Street                            20 Ketchum Street
Westport, CT  06880                          Westport, CT  06880
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer          Attention:  General Counsel
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Facsimile:  203-226-4338                     Facsimile:  203-226-4338
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     5.3 AMENDMENT  PROVISION.  This Note and any  provision  hereof may only be
amended by an instrument in writing  signed by the Borrower and the Holder.  The
term "Note" and all references  thereto,  as used  throughout  this  instrument,
shall  mean this  instrument  as  originally  executed,  or if later  amended or
supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.

     5.4  ASSIGNABILITY.  This Note shall be binding  upon the  Borrower and its
successors  and  assigns and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, that so long as no Event of Default
has occurred,  this Note shall only be transferable in whole or in increments of
$100,000 to "Accredited Investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Act).

     5.5 COST OF COLLECTION. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the
Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection,  including  reasonable
attorneys' fees.

     5.6  GOVERNING  LAW AND  JURISDICTION.  This Note shall be  governed by the
internal  laws of the State of  Delaware,  without  regard to  conflicts of laws
principles.  The parties hereto hereby submit to the exclusive  jurisdiction  of
the United States Federal Courts located in the state of New Jersey with respect
to any dispute arising under this Note.

     5.7 DAMAGES SHARES.  The shares of Common Stock that may be issuable to the
Holder  pursuant to Article III hereof  ("Damages  Shares")  shall be treated as
Common Stock issuable upon  conversion of this Note for all purposes  hereof and
shall be subject to all of the limitations and afforded all of the rights of the
other shares of Common Stock  issuable  hereunder.  For purposes of  calculating

                                       7
<PAGE>


interest payable on the outstanding principal amount hereof, amounts convertible
into Damages  Shares  ("Damages  Amounts")  shall not bear  interest but must be
converted  prior to the conversion of any outstanding  principal  amount hereof,
until the outstanding  Damages Amount is zero. Damaged Shares can only be issued
after Borrower has received the written notice that the Holder wishes to receive
such shares.

     5.8  DENOMINATIONS.  At the request of the Holder,  upon  surrender of this
Note, the Borrower  shall promptly issue new Notes in the aggregate  outstanding
principal amount hereof, in the form hereof,  in such  denominations of at least
$50,000 as the Holder shall request.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name
by its duly authorized officer as of the date first written above.


                                         NCT GROUP, INC.


                                         By:  /s/  Michael J. Parrella
                                              ---------------------------------
                                              Michael J. Parrella
                                              Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

                                       8
<PAGE>


                                                                       EXHIBIT 1
                                                                       ---------


                NOTICE OF CONVERSION OF SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTE

TO:  NCT Group, Inc.

     (1) Pursuant to the terms of the  attached  Secured  Convertible  Note (the
"Note"),  the undersigned hereby elects to convert $________ principal amount of
the Note into shares of common stock of:

    _____  NCT Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation

    _____  Distributed Media Corporation International Limited, a UK corporation

    _____  Artera (UK) Limited, a UK corporation

    _____  Other public subsidiary (identify: ________________________________)1

Capitalized  terms  used  herein  and not  otherwise  defined  herein  have  the
respective meanings provided in the Note.

     (2) Please issue a certificate or certificates  for the number of shares of
common stock into which such principal  amount of the Note is convertible in the
name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is necessary,  on an
attachment hereto:

Name:               Carole Salkind       Name:
                    ----------------                         -------------------

Address:                                 Address:
                    ----------------                         -------------------

SS or Tax ID Number:                     SS or Tax ID Number:
                    ----------------                         -------------------

     (3) In the event of partial  exercise,  please reissue an appropriate  Note
for the principal balance which shall not have been converted.

     (4) If the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Note have
not been  registered  under the  Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"),
the undersigned represents and warrants that (i) such shares of common stock are
being acquired for the account of the undersigned for investment, and not with a
present view to, or for resale in connection with, the distribution thereof, and
that the undersigned has no present  intention of distributing or reselling such
securities,  in each case, other than pursuant to a registration statement under
the Act and (ii) the  undersigned  is an  "Accredited  Investor"  as  defined in
Regulation  D under  the  Act.  The  undersigned  further  agrees  that (A) such
securities  shall not be sold or transferred  unless either (i) they first shall
have been registered  under the Act and applicable state securities laws or (ii)
the Borrower first shall have been furnished with either (x) an opinion of legal
counsel (in form,  substance and scope  reasonably  satisfactory to Borrower) to
the  effect  that  such  sale  or  transfer  is  exempt  from  the  registration
requirements of the Act or (y) satisfactory representations from the undersigned
that the undersigned may immediately  sell all of such securities (to the extent
such  securities  are deemed to have been acquired on the same date) pursuant to
Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor thereto) and (B) the Borrower may place a
legend on the certificate(s) for such securities to that effect and place a stop
transfer restriction in its records relating to such securities.


Date -----------------                  ----------------------------------------
                                        Signature of Registered Holder
                                        (must be signed exactly as name  appears
                                        in the Note.  The  signature  must  be
                                        guaranteed  by a member  firm of the
                                        New York Stock Exchange or the  National
                                        Association of Securities  Dealers or by
                                        a commercial  bank or trust having an
                                        office in the United States)


- ----------------------
1 May not be Pro Tech Communications, Inc.

                                       9


