
<PAGE>

                                                                     Exhibit 4.1

                          SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         This Securities Purchase Agreement (this "AGREEMENT") is dated as of
December 20, 2004, among Interchange Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the
"COMPANY"), and the investors identified on the signature pages hereto (each, an
"INVESTOR" and collectively, the "INVESTORS").

         WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below)
and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to
each Investor, and each Investor, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase
from the Company certain securities of the Company, as more fully described in
this Agreement.

         NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in
this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investors agree
as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I.
                                   DEFINITIONS

         1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this
Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have
the meanings indicated in this Section 1.1:

                  "ACTION" means any action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation,
proceeding (including any partial proceeding such as a deposition) or
investigation pending or threatened in writing against or affecting the Company,
any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court,
arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency, regulatory authority
(federal, state, county, local or foreign), stock market, stock exchange or
trading facility.

                  "AFFILIATE" means any Person that, directly or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under
common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule
144.

                  "BUSINESS DAY" means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any
day which is a federal legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in
the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental
action to close.

                  "CLOSING" means the closing of the purchase and sale of the
Securities pursuant to Article II.

                  "CLOSING DATE" means the Business Day immediately following
the date on which all of the conditions set forth in Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof
are satisfied, or such other date as the parties may agree.

                  "COMMISSION" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

<PAGE>

                  "COMMON STOCK" means the common stock of the Company, par
value $0.00001 per share, and any securities into which such common stock may
hereafter be reclassified.

                  "COMMON STOCK EQUIVALENTS" means any securities of the Company
or any Subsidiary which entitle the holder thereof to acquire Common Stock at
any time, including without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights,
options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or
exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common
Stock or other securities that entitle the holder to receive, directly or
indirectly, Common Stock.

                  "COMPANY COUNSEL" means Latham & Watkins LLP.

                  "COMPANY DELIVERABLES" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.2(a).

                  "DISCLOSURE MATERIALS" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(h).

                  "EFFECTIVE DATE" means the date that the initial Registration
Statement required by Section 2(a) of the Registration Rights Agreement is first
declared effective by the Commission.

                  "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

                  "GAAP" means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

                  "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(p).

                  "INVESTMENT AMOUNT" means, with respect to each Investor, the
Investment Amount indicated on such Investor's signature page to this Agreement.

                  "INVESTOR DELIVERABLES" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.2(b).

                  "INVESTOR PARTY" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7.

                  "LIEN" means any lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest,
right of first refusal or other restrictions of any kind.

                  "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means any of (i) a material and
adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material and adverse effect on the results of operations,
assets, prospects, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company
and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) an adverse impairment to the
Company's ability to perform on a timely basis its obligations under any
Transaction Document.

                  "NEW YORK COURTS" means the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan.

                  "OUTSIDE DATE" means January 15, 2005.

                  "PER UNIT PURCHASE PRICE" equals $18.25.

                                        2
<PAGE>

                  "PERSON" means an individual or corporation, partnership,
trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited
liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision
thereof) or other entity of any kind.

                  "PROCEEDING" means an action, claim, suit, investigation or
proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial
proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

                  "REGISTRATION STATEMENT" means a registration statement
meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and
covering the resale by the Investors of the Shares and the Warrant Shares.

                  "REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT" means the Registration Rights
Agreement, dated as of the date of this Agreement, among the Company and the
Investors, in the form of Exhibit B hereto.

                  "RULE 144" means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

                  "SEC REPORTS" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(h).

                  "SECURITIES" means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant
Shares.

                  "SHARES" means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
to the Investors pursuant to this Agreement.

                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                  "SHORT SALES" include, without limitation, all "short sales"
as defined in Rule 3b-3 of the Exchange Act and Rule 200 promulgated under
Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act and all types of direct and indirect stock
pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps and
similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and sales and other
transactions through non-US broker dealers or foreign regulated brokers.

                  "SUBSIDIARY" means any "significant subsidiary" as defined in
Rule 1-02(w) of the Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission under the
Exchange Act.

                  "TRADING DAY" means (i) a day on which the Common Stock is
traded on a Trading Market (other than the OTC Bulletin Board), or (ii) if the
Common Stock is not listed on a Trading Market (other than the OTC Bulletin
Board), a day on which the Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter
market, as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board, or (iii) if the Common Stock is
not quoted on any Trading Market, a day on which the Common Stock is quoted in
the over-the-counter market as reported by the National Quotation Bureau
Incorporated (or any similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions
of reporting prices); provided, that in the event that the Common Stock is not
listed or quoted as set forth in (i), (ii) and (iii) hereof, then Trading Day
shall mean a Business Day.

                                        3
<PAGE>

                  "TRADING MARKET" means whichever of the New York Stock
Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ National Market, the NASDAQ
SmallCap Market or OTC Bulletin Board on which the Common Stock is listed or
quoted for trading on the date in question.

                  "TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS" means this Agreement, the Registration
Rights Agreement, the Warrants and any other documents or agreements executed in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

                  "WARRANTS" means the Common Stock purchase warrants in the
form of Exhibit A, which are issuable to the Investors at the Closing.

                  "WARRANT SHARES" means the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants.

                                   ARTICLE II.
                                PURCHASE AND SALE

         2.1 Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, at the Closing the Company shall issue and sell to each Investor, and
each Investor shall, severally and not jointly, purchase from the Company, the
Shares and the Warrants representing such Investor's Investment Amount. The
Closing shall take place at the offices of Bryan Cave LLP, 1290 Avenue of the
Americas, New York, NY 10104 on the Closing Date or at such other location or
time as the parties may agree.

         2.2 Closing Deliveries. (a) At the Closing, the Company shall deliver
or cause to be delivered to each Investor the following (the "COMPANY
DELIVERABLES"):

                           (i) a certificate evidencing a number of Shares equal
to such Investor's Investment Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price,
registered in the name of such Investor;

                           (ii) a Warrant, registered in the name of such
Investor, pursuant to which such Investor shall have the right to acquire the
number of shares of Common Stock equal to 20% of the number of Shares issuable
to such Investor pursuant to Section 2.2(a)(i);

                           (iii) the legal opinion of Company Counsel, in agreed
form, addressed to the Investors; and

                           (iv) the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed
by the Company.

                  (b) At the Closing, each Investor shall deliver or cause to be
delivered to the Company the following (the "INVESTOR DELIVERABLES"):

                           (i) its Investment Amount, in United States dollars
and in immediately available funds, by wire transfer to an account designated in
writing by the Company for such purpose; and

                                        4
<PAGE>

                           (ii) the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed
by such Investor.

                                  ARTICLE III.
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby
makes the following representations and warranties to each Investor:

                  (a) Subsidiaries. The Company has no direct or indirect
Subsidiaries other than as specified in the SEC Reports. The Company owns,
directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock of each Subsidiary free and
clear of any and all Liens, and all the issued and outstanding shares of capital
stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable
and free of preemptive and similar rights.

                  (b) Organization and Qualification. The Company and each
Subsidiary are duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
organization (as applicable), with the requisite power and authority to own and
use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently
conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any of the
provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. The Company and each Subsidiary are
duly qualified to conduct its respective businesses and are in good standing as
a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature
of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as
the case may be, could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (c) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its
obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery of each of the Transaction
Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the
part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company in
connection therewith. Each Transaction Document has been (or upon delivery will
have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with
the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the
Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as
such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or
affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors' rights and remedies or by
other equitable principles of general application.

                  (d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of
the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of
the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or
violate any provision of the Company's or any Subsidiary's certificate or
articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents,
or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that

                                        5
<PAGE>

with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to
others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with
or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility,
debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise)
or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or
affected, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental
authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and
state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the
Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of
clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not, individually or in the aggregate,
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (e) Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not
required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal,
state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with
the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction
Documents, other than (i) the filing with the Commission of one or more
Registration Statements in accordance with the requirements of the Registration
Rights Agreement, (ii) filings required by state securities laws, (iii) the
filing of a Notice of Sale of Securities on Form D with the Commission under
Regulation D of the Securities Act, (iv) the filings required in accordance with
Section 4.5 (v) the filing of an Additional Shares Listing Application with the
NASDAQ and (vi) those that have been made or obtained prior to the date of this
Agreement.

                  (f) Issuance of the Securities. The Securities have been duly
authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free
and clear of all Liens. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized
capital stock the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and
the Warrants in order to issue the Shares and Warrant Shares.

                  (g) Capitalization. The number of shares and type of all
authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company, and all shares
of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Company's various option and
incentive plans, is specified in the SEC Reports as of the date of such SEC
Report. Except as specified in the SEC Reports, no securities of the Company are
entitled to preemptive or similar rights, and no Person has any right of first
refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to
participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
Except as specified in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options,
warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or
exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire,
any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or
arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to
issue additional shares of Common Stock, or securities or rights convertible or
exchangeable into shares of Common Stock. The issue and sale of the Securities
will not, immediately or with the passage of time, obligate the Company to issue
shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the
Investors) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to
adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under such securities.

                                        6
<PAGE>

                  (h) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed
all reports required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the twelve months
preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by
law to file such reports) (the foregoing materials being collectively referred
to herein as the "SEC REPORTS" and, together with the Schedules to this
Agreement (if any), the "DISCLOSURE MATERIALS") on a timely basis or has timely
filed a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC
Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective
dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the
Commission promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports
comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the
time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may be
otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto, and
fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company
and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the
results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the
case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

                  (i) Material Changes. Since the date of the latest audited
financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as specifically
disclosed in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or
development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any material
liabilities other than liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business
or liabilities which are not required to be disclosed in the SEC Reports, (iii)
the Company has not altered its method of accounting or the identity of its
auditors, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution
of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any
agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, and (v) the
Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or
Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company
does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential
treatment of information.

                  (j) Litigation. There is no Action which (i) adversely affects
or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction
Documents or the Securities or (ii) except as specifically disclosed in the SEC
Reports, could, if there were an unfavorable decision, individually or in the
aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer
thereof (in his or her capacity as such), is or has been the subject of any
Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state
securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty, except as specifically
disclosed in the SEC Reports. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the
Company, there is not pending any investigation by the Commission involving the
Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company (in his or
her capacity as such). The Commission has not issued any stop order or other
order suspending the

                                        7
<PAGE>

effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any
Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

                  (k) Labor Relations. No material labor dispute exists or, to
the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company.

                  (l) Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (i) is
in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been
waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by
the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary
received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in
violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or
instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is
bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in
violation of any order of any court, arbitrator or governmental body, or (iii)
is or has been in violation of any statute, rule or regulation of any
governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state
and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health
and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except
in each case as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is in compliance
with all effective requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended,
and the rules and regulations thereunder, that are applicable to it, except
where such noncompliance could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect.

                  (m) Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries
possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct
their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the
failure to possess such permits could not, individually or in the aggregate,
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and
neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings
relating to the revocation or modification of any such permits.

                  (n) Title to Assets. The Company and the Subsidiaries have
good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them that
is material to their respective businesses and good and marketable title in all
personal property owned by them that is material to their respective businesses,
in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens as do not materially
affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use
made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the
Subsidiaries. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company
and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable
leases of which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, except as
could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (o) Patents and Trademarks. The Company and the Subsidiaries
have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks,
trademark applications, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses and
other similar rights that are necessary or material for use in connection with
their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the
failure to so have could, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the
"INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS"). Neither the

                                        8
<PAGE>

Company nor any Subsidiary has received a written notice that the Intellectual
Property Rights used by the Company or any Subsidiary violates or infringes upon
the rights of any Person. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, to the
knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable
and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the
Intellectual Property Rights.

                  (p) Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by
insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the
Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged. The Company has no reason to believe
that it will not be able to renew its and the Subsidiaries' existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from
similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business on terms
consistent with market for the Company's and such Subsidiaries' respective lines
of business.

                  (q) Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set
forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company and,
to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company is
presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other
than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or
by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise
requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such
employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or
partner.

                  (r) Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the
Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to
provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with management's general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset
accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
management's general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The
Company has established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act rules 13a-15 and 15d-15) for the Company and designed such
disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating
to the Company, including its Subsidiaries, is made known to the certifying
officers by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which the Company's Form 10-KSB or 10-QSB, as the case may be, is being
prepared. The Company's certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of
the Company's controls and procedures in accordance with Item 307 of Regulation
S-K under the Exchange Act for the Company's most recently ended fiscal quarter
or fiscal year-end (such date, the "EVALUATION DATE"). The Company presented in
its most recently filed Form 10-KSB or Form 10-QSB the conclusions of the
certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the
Evaluation Date, there have been no significant changes in the Company's
internal controls (as such term is defined in Item 308(c) of Regulation S-K
under the Exchange Act) or, to the Company's knowledge, in other factors that
could significantly affect the Company's internal controls.

                                        9
<PAGE>

                  (s) Solvency. Based on the financial condition of the Company
as of the Closing Date (and assuming that the Closing shall have occurred), (i)
the Company's fair saleable value of its assets exceeds the amount that will be
required to be paid on or in respect of the Company's existing debts and other
liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the
Company's assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business for the current fiscal year as now conducted and as proposed to be
conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital
requirements of the business conducted by the Company, and projected capital
requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow
of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to
liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of
the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its debt
when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur
debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt).

                  (t) Certain Fees. Except as described in Schedule 3.1(t), no
brokerage or finder's fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company
to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent,
investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The Investors shall have no obligation with
respect to any fees or with respect to any claims (other than such fees or
commissions owed by an Investor pursuant to written agreements executed by such
Investor which fees or commissions shall be the sole responsibility of such
Investor) made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

                  (u) Certain Registration Matters. Assuming the accuracy of the
Investors' representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2(b)-(e), no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the
Shares and Warrant Shares by the Company to the Investors under the Transaction
Documents. The Company is eligible to register the resale of its Common Stock
for resale by the Investors under Form SB-2 promulgated under the Securities
Act. Except as specified in Schedule 3.1(u), the Company has not granted or
agreed to grant to any Person any rights (including "piggy-back" registration
rights) to have any securities of the Company registered with the Commission or
any other governmental authority that have not been satisfied.

                  (v) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. Except as specified
in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the two years preceding the date
hereof, received notice from any Trading Market to the effect that the Company
is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements thereof. The
Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable
future continue to be, in compliance with the listing and maintenance
requirements for continued listing of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on
which the Common Stock is currently listed or quoted. The issuance and sale of
the Securities under the Transaction Documents does not contravene the rules and
regulations of the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is currently listed
or quoted, and no approval of the shareholders of the Company thereunder is
required for the Company to issue and deliver to the Investors the Securities
contemplated by Transaction Documents.

                                       10
<PAGE>

                  (w) Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an
Affiliate of, and immediately following the Closing will not have become, an
"investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended.

                  (x) Application of Takeover Protections. The Company has taken
all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share
acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under
a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company's
Certificate of Incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its
state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Investors as a
result of the Investors and the Company fulfilling their obligations or
exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without
limitation the Company's issuance of the Securities and the Investors' ownership
of the Securities.

                  (y) No Additional Agreements. The Company does not have any
agreement or understanding with any Investor with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents other than as specified in the
Transaction Documents.

                  (z) Disclosure. The Company confirms that neither it nor any
Person acting on its behalf has provided any Investor or its respective agents
or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material,
non-public information except insofar as the existence and terms of the proposed
transactions hereunder may constitute such information. The Company understands
and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing representations and
covenants in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All disclosure
provided to the Investors regarding the Company, its business and the
transactions contemplated hereby, furnished by or on behalf of the Company
(including the Company's representations and warranties set forth in this
Agreement) are true and correct and do not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading.

         3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Investors. Each Investor
hereby, for itself and for no other Investor, represents and warrants to the
Company as follows:

                  (a) Organization; Authority. Such Investor is an entity duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization with the requisite corporate or partnership
power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the applicable Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out
its obligations thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by such
Investor of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement has been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate or, if such Investor is not a corporation,
such partnership, limited liability company or other applicable like action, on
the part of such Investor. Each of this Agreement and the Registration Rights
Agreement has been duly executed by such Investor, and when delivered by such
Investor in accordance with terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally
binding obligation of such Investor, enforceable against it in accordance with
its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws
relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors' rights and
remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

                                       11
<PAGE>

                  (b) Investment Intent. Such Investor is acquiring the
Securities as principal for its own account for investment purposes only and not
with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part
thereof, without prejudice, however, to such Investor's right at all times to
sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities in compliance
with applicable federal and state securities laws. Subject to the immediately
preceding sentence, nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or
warranty by such Investor to hold the Securities for any period of time. Such
Investor is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its
business. Such Investor does not have any agreement or understanding, directly
or indirectly, with any Person to distribute any of the Securities.

                  (c) Investor Status. At the time such Investor was offered the
Securities, it was, and at the date hereof it is, an "accredited investor" as
defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act. Such Investor is not a
registered broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act.

                  (d) General Solicitation. Such Investor is not purchasing the
Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other
communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or
similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar
or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

                  (e) Access to Information. Such Investor acknowledges that it
has reviewed the Disclosure Materials and has been afforded (i) the opportunity
to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers
from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the
offering of the Shares and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities;
(ii) access to information about the Company and the Subsidiaries and their
respective financial condition, results of operations, business, properties,
management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and
(iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company
possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is
necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the
investment. Neither such inquiries nor any other investigation conducted by or
on behalf of such Investor or its representatives or counsel shall modify, amend
or affect such Investor's right to rely on the truth, accuracy and completeness
of the Disclosure Materials and the Company's representations and warranties
contained in the Transaction Documents.

                  (f) Certain Trading Activities. Such Investor has not directly
or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any
understanding with such Investor, traded in the securities of the Company
(including, without limitations, any Short Sales involving the Company's
securities) since the time that such Investor was first contacted by the Company
or Roth Capital Partners, LLC regarding an investment in the Company. Such
Investor covenants that neither it nor any Person acting on its behalf or
pursuant to any understanding with it will trade in the securities of the
Company (including Short Sales) prior to the time that the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed.

                  (g) Limited Ownership. The purchase by such Investor of the
Securities issuable to it at the Closing will not result in such Investor
(individually or together with other Person with whom such Investor has
identified, or will have identified, itself as part of a "group" in a public
filing made with the Commission involving the Company's securities) acquiring,
or

                                       12
<PAGE>

obtaining the right to acquire, in excess of 19.999% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock or the voting power of the Company on a post transaction
basis that assumes that the Closing shall have occurred. Such Investor does not
presently intend to, alone or together with others, make a public filing with
the Commission to disclose that it has (or that it together with such other
Persons have) acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, as a result of the
Closing (when added to any other securities of the Company that it or they then
own or have the right to acquire), in excess of 19.999% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock or the voting power of the Company on a post transaction
basis that assumes that the Closing shall have occurred.

                  (h) Independent Investment Decision. Such Investor has
independently evaluated the merits of its decision to purchase Securities
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and such Investor confirms that it has
not relied on the advice of any other Investor's business and/or legal counsel
in making such decision. Such Investor has not relied on the business or legal
advice of Roth Capital Partners, LLC or any of its agents, counsel or Affiliates
in making its investment decision hereunder, and confirms that none of such
Persons has made any representations or warranties to such Investor in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Investor has made or makes any
representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby other than those specifically set forth in this Section 3.2.

                                  ARTICLE IV.
                         OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

         4.1 (a) Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and
federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of the Securities other
than pursuant to an effective registration statement, to the Company, to an
Affiliate of an Investor or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in
Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the
Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor, the form and substance
of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect
that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities
under the Securities Act.

                  (b) Certificates evidencing the Securities will contain the
following legend, until such time as they are not required under Section 4.1(c):

                  [NEITHER THESE SECURITIES NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
                  EXERCISE OF THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED] [THESE
                  SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED] WITH THE SECURITIES AND
                  EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
                  IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE
                  SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"),
                  AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT
                  TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
                  ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A
                  TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION

                                       13
<PAGE>

                  REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH
                  APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL
                  OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE
                  SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE
                  COMPANY. [THESE SECURITIES AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
                  EXERCISE OF THESE SECURITIES] [THESE SECURITIES] MAY BE
                  PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT SECURED
                  BY SUCH SECURITIES.

                  The Company acknowledges and agrees that an Investor may from
time to time pledge, and/or grant a security interest in some or all of the
Securities pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement in connection with a bona
fide margin account and, if required under the terms of such agreement or
account, such Investor may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the
pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to
approval or consent of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel to the
pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection with the
pledge, but such legal opinion may be required in connection with a subsequent
transfer following default by the Investor transferee of the pledge. No notice
shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Investor's expense, the
Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or
secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge
or transfer of the Securities including the preparation and filing of any
required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) of the Securities Act or
other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list
of Selling Stockholders thereunder.

                  (c) Certificates evidencing the Shares and Warrant Shares
shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b)):
(i) following a sale or transfer of such Securities pursuant to an effective
registration statement (including the Registration Statement), or (ii) following
a sale or transfer of such Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144
(assuming the transferor is not an Affiliate of the Company), or (iii) while
such Shares and Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144(k). The
Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to any
transfer agent of the Company that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set
forth in this Section. The Company shall deliver certificates without any legend
(including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(d)) to an Investor within three
Trading Days of receipt of documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company,
its counsel and its transfer agent evidencing such Investor's right to receive
such an unlegended certificate in compliance with this Section 4.1(c).

         4.2 Furnishing of Information. As long as any Investor owns the
Securities, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in
respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports
required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the
Exchange Act. As long as any Investor owns Securities, if the Company is not
required to file reports pursuant to such laws, it will prepare and furnish to
the Investors and make publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such
information as is required for the Investors to sell the Shares and Warrant
Shares under Rule 144. The Company further covenants that it will take such
further action as any holder of Securities may reasonably request, all to the
extent required from time to time to enable such Person to sell the Shares and
Warrant Shares

                                       14
<PAGE>

without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the
exemptions provided by Rule 144.

         4.3 Integration. The Company shall not, and shall use its best efforts
to ensure that no Affiliate of the Company shall, sell, offer for sale or
solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as
defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the
offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Investors, or that
would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market in a manner that would require
stockholder approval of the sale of the securities to the Investors.

         4.4 Subsequent Registrations. Other than pursuant to the Registration
Statement, prior to the Effective Date, the Company may not file any
registration statement (other than on Form S-8) with the Commission with respect
to any securities of the Company.

         4.5 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. By 9:00 a.m. (New York time)
on the date of execution of this Agreement, and by 9:00 a.m. (New York time) on
the Trading Day following the Closing Date, the Company shall issue press
releases disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby
and the Closing. On the Trading Day of the execution of this Agreement the
Company will file a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing the material terms of
the Transaction Documents, and on the Closing Date the Company will file an
additional Current Report on Form 8-K to disclose the Closing. In addition, the
Company will make such other filings and notices in the manner and time required
by the Commission and the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is listed.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name
of any Investor, or include the name of any Investor in any filing with the
Commission (other than the Registration Statement and any exhibits to filings
made in respect of this transaction in accordance with periodic filing
requirements under the Exchange Act) or any regulatory agency or Trading Market,
without the prior written consent of such Investor, except to the extent such
disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations.

         4.6 Limitation on Issuance of Future Priced Securities. During the six
months following the Closing Date, the Company shall not issue any "Future
Priced Securities" as such term is described by NASD IM-4350-1.

         4.7 Indemnification of Investors. In addition to the indemnity provided
in the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company will indemnify and hold the
Investors and their directors, officers, shareholders, partners, employees and
agents (each, an "INVESTOR PARTY") harmless from any and all losses,
liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses,
including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs of investigation (collectively, "LOSSES") that any
such Investor Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to any
misrepresentation, breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement made by the Company in any Transaction Document. In
addition to the indemnity contained herein, the Company will reimburse each
Investor Party for its reasonable legal and other expenses (including the cost
of any investigation, preparation and travel in connection therewith) incurred
in connection therewith, as such expenses are incurred.

                                       15
<PAGE>

         4.8 Non-Public Information. The Company covenants and agrees that
neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Investor
or its agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes
constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Investor
shall have executed a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of
such information. The Company understands and confirms that each Investor shall
be relying on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions in
securities of the Company.

         4.9 Listing of Securities. The Company agrees, (i) if the Company
applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will
include in such application the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such
other action as is necessary or desirable to cause the Shares and Warrant Shares
to be listed on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible, and (ii) it
will take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of
its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all material respects
with the Company's reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or
rules of the Trading Market.

         4.10 Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the net proceeds from the
sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and not for the
satisfaction of any portion of the Company's debt (other than payment of trade
payables and accrued expenses in the ordinary course of the Company's business
and consistent with prior practices), or to redeem any Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents.

                                   ARTICLE V.
                         CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING

         5.1 Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of the Investors to
Purchase Securities. The obligation of each Investor to acquire Securities at
the Closing is subject to the satisfaction or waiver by such Investor, at or
before the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

                  (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and
warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing as though made
on and as of such date;

                  (b) Performance. The Company shall have performed, satisfied
and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and
conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or
complied with by it at or prior to the Closing;

                  (c) No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive
order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent
jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents;

                  (d) Adverse Changes. Since the date of execution of this
Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that reasonably
could have or result in a Material Adverse Effect;

                  (e) No Suspensions of Trading in Common Stock; Listing.
Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or
any Trading Market

                                       16
<PAGE>

(except for any suspensions of trading of not more than one Trading Day solely
to permit dissemination of material information regarding the Company) at any
time since the date of execution of this Agreement, and the Common Stock shall
have been at all times since such date listed for trading on a Trading Market;

                  (f) Company Deliverables. The Company shall have delivered the
Company Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.2(a); and

                  (g) Nasdaq Listing. The Nasdaq Stock Market shall have
approved the Company's application for the listing of the Securities and shall
not have objected to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

         5.2 Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of the Company to sell
Securities. The obligation of the Company to sell Securities at the Closing is
subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Company, at or before the Closing,
of each of the following conditions:

                  (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and
warranties of each Investor contained herein shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the date when made and, other than with respect to
Section 4.5, as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date;

                  (b) Performance. Each Investor shall have performed, satisfied
and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and
conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or
complied with by such Investor at or prior to the Closing;

                  (c) No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive
order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent
jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents;

                  (d) Investors Deliverables. Each Investor shall have delivered
its Investors Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.2(b); and

                  (e) Nasdaq Listing. The Nasdaq Stock Market shall have
approved the Company's application for the listing of the Securities and shall
not have objected to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

                                  ARTICLE VI.
                                 MISCELLANEOUS

         6.1 Fees and Expenses. At the Closing, the Company shall pay to Bryan
Cave LLP $25,000 as partial reimbursement of Roth Capital Partners LLC for its
legal fees in connection with the preparation of the Transaction Documents, it
being understood that Bryan Cave LLP has only rendered legal advice to Roth
Capital Partners LLC, and not to the Company or any Investor in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby, and that each of the Company and each
Investor has relied for such matters on the advice of its own respective
counsel. Except as specified in the immediately preceding sentence, each party
shall pay the fees and expenses of

                                       17
<PAGE>

its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other
expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation,
execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents. The Company
shall pay all stamp and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the
sale of the Shares.

         6.2 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the
Exhibits and Schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements,
understandings, discussions and representations, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such
documents, exhibits and schedules.

         6.3 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if
such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile (provided the sender
receives a machine-generated confirmation of successful transmission) at the
facsimile number specified in this Section prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile
number specified in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the Trading Day
following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight
courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is
required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be
as follows:

         If to the Company:         Interchange Corporation
                                    24422 Avenida de la Carlota, Suite 120
                                    Laguna Hills, CA 92653
                                    Attention: Chief Financial Officer
                                    Facsimile: (949) 784-0880

         With a copy to:            Latham & Watkins LLP
                                    650 Town Center Drive, 20th Floor
                                    Costa Mesa, CA 92626
                                    Attention: Cary K. Hyden, Esq.
                                    Facsimile: (714) 755-8290

         If to an Investor:         To the address set forth under such
                                    Investor's name on the signature pages
                                    hereof;

or such other address as may be designated in writing hereafter, in the same
manner, by such Person.

         6.4 Amendments; Waivers; No Additional Consideration. No provision of
this Agreement may be waived or amended except in a written instrument signed by
the Company and the Investors holding a majority of the Shares. No waiver of any
default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this
Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of
any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition

                                       18
<PAGE>

or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of either party to
exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such
right. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Investor to amend or
consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any Transaction Document
unless the same consideration is also offered to all Investors who then hold
Shares.

         6.5 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated prior to Closing:

                  (a) by written agreement of the Investors and the Company; and

                  (b) by the Company or an Investor (as to itself but no other
Investor) upon written notice to the other, if the Closing shall not have taken
place by 6:30 p.m. Eastern time on the Outside Date; provided, that the right to
terminate this Agreement under this Section 6.5(b) shall not be available to any
Person whose failure to comply with its obligations under this Agreement has
been the cause of or resulted in the failure of the Closing to occur on or
before such time.

         In the event of a termination pursuant to this Section, the Company
shall promptly notify all non-terminating Investors. Upon a termination in
accordance with this Section 6.5, the Company and the terminating Investor(s)
shall not have any further obligation or liability (including as arising from
such termination) to the other and no Investor will have any liability to any
other Investor under the Transaction Documents as a result therefrom.

         6.6 Construction. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not
constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect
any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed
to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no
rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. This Agreement
shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or
burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the
authorship of any provisions of this Agreement or any of the Transaction
Documents.

         6.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of the Investors. Any Investor may assign any
or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Investor
assigns or transfers any Securities, provided such transferee agrees in writing
to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions
hereof that apply to the "Investors."

         6.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced
by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.7 (as to each
Investor Party).

         6.9 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity,
enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New
York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party
agrees that all Proceedings concerning the interpretations,

                                       19
<PAGE>

enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its
respective Affiliates, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in
the New York Courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any
dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of the any
of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to
assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of any such New York Court, or that such Proceeding has been
commenced in an improper or inconvenient forum. Each party hereto hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that
such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right
to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and
all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either party shall
commence a Proceeding to enforce any provisions of a Transaction Document, then
the prevailing party in such Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party
for its reasonable attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses incurred with
the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.

         6.10 Survival. The representations, warranties, agreements and
covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the
Securities.

         6.11 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by
each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both
parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is
delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall create a valid and
binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is
executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature page
were an original thereof.

         6.12 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the
remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be
affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt to agree upon a valid
and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so
agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement.

         6.13 Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) the
Transaction Documents, whenever any Investor exercises a right, election, demand
or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform
its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Investor
may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written
notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in
part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

                                       20
<PAGE>

         6.14 Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument
evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company
shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon
cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate
or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the
Company of such loss, theft or destruction and customary and reasonable
indemnity, if requested. The applicants for a new certificate or instrument
under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs
associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities. If a replacement
certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is requested due to a
mutilation thereof, the Company may require delivery of such mutilated
certificate or instrument as a condition precedent to any issuance of a
replacement.

         6.15 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights
provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the
Investors and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the
Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be
adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of
obligations described in the foregoing sentence and hereby agrees to waive in
any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a
remedy at law would be adequate.

         6.16 Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment
or payments to any Investor pursuant to any Transaction Document or an Investor
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the
proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently
invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered
from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored
to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other person under any law
(including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common
law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be
revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been
made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

         6.17 Independent Nature of Investors' Obligations and Rights. The
obligations of each Investor under any Transaction Document are several and not
joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be
responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other
Investor under any Transaction Document. The decision of each Investor to
purchase Securities pursuant to the Transaction Documents has been made by such
Investor independently of any other Investor. Nothing contained herein or in any
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant thereto,
shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as a partnership, an association, a
joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the
Investors are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such
obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Investor acknowledges that no other Investor has acted as agent for such
Investor in connection with making its investment hereunder and that no Investor
will be acting as agent of such Investor in connection with monitoring its
investment in the Securities or enforcing its rights under the Transaction
Documents. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce
its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this
Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be
necessary for any other Investor to be joined as an additional party in any
proceeding for such purpose. The Company acknowledges that each of

                                       21
<PAGE>

the Investors has been provided with the same Transaction Documents for the
purpose of closing a transaction with multiple Investors and not because it was
required or requested to do so by any Investor.

                   [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
                             SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

                                       22
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities
Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

                                      INTERCHANGE CORPORATION

                                      By:_______________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:

                   [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
                      SIGNATURE PAGES FOR INVESTORS FOLLOW]

                                       23
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities
Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

                                      NAME OF INVESTOR

                                      __________________________________________
                                      By: Name:
                                          Title:

                                      Investment Amount: $ _____________________

                                      Tax ID No.: ______________________________

                                      ADDRESS FOR NOTICE

                                      c/o: _____________________________________

                                      Street: __________________________________

                                      City/State/Zip: __________________________

                                      Attention: _______________________________

                                      Tel: _____________________________________

                                      Fax: _____________________________________


                                      DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
                                      (if different from above)

                                      c/o: _____________________________________

                                      Street: __________________________________

                                      City/State/Zip: __________________________

                                      Attention: _______________________________

                                      Tel: _____________________________________

                                       24

