
EXHIBIT 99.1






                                               Contact:  Advanced Photonix, Inc.
                                               Susan A. Schmidt  (805) 987-0146

                      ADVANCED PHOTONIX, INC.(R) ANNOUNCES
                     ACQUISITION OF PHOTONIC DETECTORS, INC.


Camarillo, California, December 21, 2004 -

Advanced  Photonix,  Inc. (R) (AMEX - API) announced  today that it has acquired
the outstanding capital stock of Photonic Detectors, Inc. (PDI) for the Purchase
Price of $1,075,000 cash and 113,572 shares of API's Common Stock. The amount of
cash to be delivered is subject to  adjustment to reflect PDI's Balance Sheet as
of the Closing date.

PDI,  based in Simi  Valley,  CA, was founded in 1984 and is a  privately  owned
developer  and  manufacturer  of   optoelectronic   components  and  assemblies,
specializing  in  high-performance   silicon   photodiodes.   PDI  provides  its
technology to several market segments, including industrial control, commercial,
military, medical systems and security.

In commenting  on the purchase,  Paul Ludwig,  API's  President,  stated "We are
pleased to welcome PDI and its  employees  to the API family.  This  acquisition
furthers  our strategy to broaden  API's  customer  base in our target  markets,
specifically the commercial,  industrial, medical and military segments. PDI has
a strong  customer base and several  exciting  growth  initiatives  that we will
support with our full API  resources.  We look forward to welcoming the existing
PDI customers into the Advanced Photonix family of customers."

Ludwig continued, "Additionally, this acquisition provides us the opportunity to
increase  our  operating  margins  by  leveraging  our  existing  overhead  with
increased manufacturing volume. We will accomplish this through consolidation of
the PDI  product  assembly  into our  existing  assembly  and wafer  fabrication
facilities.  We are also pleased to welcome the owners of PDI, Dr. Robert Kinard
and Dennis  Mattock to the API team, who bring with them more than a combined 50
years of optoelectronic design, fabrication and sales experience."

The Company  reported that  Photonic  Detectors,  Inc.  recorded net revenues of
$2.06 million and a net operating loss of ($75,000) for the previous fiscal year
ended March 31, 2004. In the current  fiscal year,  PDI has recorded net revenue
of $1.2  million and a net  operating  loss of  ($101,000)  for the seven months
ended October 31, 2004.  The reported  results for both the previous and current
fiscal years are management representations and do not reflect audited financial
statements.  Despite the recent operating losses, API remained  optimistic about
the prospects for future growth  through cost  leveraging  and increased  market
share.

Richard Kurtz,  Chairman of API commented,  "The PDI acquisition is another step
in the  implementation  of the  "Vision  of  Growth"  that we  presented  to our
shareholders in 2003. This addition to the API family will expand our reach into
our existing markets.  As we move forward,  we will continue this strategy while
simultaneously  seeking  acquisitions  that  will  bring  us  new  technologies,
broadening our market potential and improving shareholder returns."

The information  contained herein includes  forward looking  statements that are
based on assumptions  that management  believes to be reasonable but are subject
to inherent  uncertainties  and risks including,  but not limited to, unforeseen
technological  obstacles  which  may  prevent  or slow  the  development  and/or
manufacture  of new products;  potential  problems with the  integration  of the
acquired  company and its technology and possible  inability to achieve expected
synergies;  obstacles to successfully  combining  product  offerings and lack of
customer  acceptance  of such  offerings;  limited (or slower than  anticipated)
customer  acceptance of new products which have been and are being  developed by
the Company; and a decline in the general demand for optoelectronic products.

Advanced  Photonix,  Inc.(R)  (ASE:  API) is a leading  supplier of  innovative,
silicon-based  electro-optical  products  and design  solutions  to a global OEM
customer base.  Products  include the patented  Large Area Avalanche  Photodiode
(LAAPD) and FILTRODE(R) detectors, as well as PIN photodiodes.  More information
on Advanced Photonix can be found at http://www.advancedphotonix.com.







                                      -END-



