
                                                                   Exhibit 8.1


                        Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP
                               787 Seventh Ave.
                           New York, New York 10019
                           Telephone: (212) 839-5300
                           Facsimile: (212) 839-5599




                                       December 30, 2004

Countrywide Securities Corporation     The Bank of New York
4500 Park Granada                      101 Barclay Street 12E
Calabasas, California  91302           New York, New York  10286

Barclays Capital Inc.                  The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.
200 Park Avenue 5th Floor              700 South Flower Street, Suite 200
New York, New York 10166               Los Angeles, California  90017

Goldman, Sachs & Co.
85 Broad Street
New York, New York 10004

               Re:  CWABS, Inc.
                    Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2004-14
                    ----------------------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:

        We have acted as special counsel for CWABS, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), in connection with the issuance of the
Asset-Backed Certificates of the above-referenced Series (the "Certificates").
The Class A-1, Class A-2, Class A-3, Class A-4, Class A-5, Class M-1, Class
M-2, Class M-3, Class M-4, Class M-5, Class B and Class A-R Certificates are
referred to herein as the "Public Certificates".

        The Certificates represent the entire beneficial ownership interest in
a trust fund (the "Trust Fund") created pursuant to a Pooling and Servicing
Agreement dated as of December 1, 2004 (the "Pooling and Servicing Agreement")
by and among the Company, as depositor, Countrywide Home Loans, Inc., as a
seller, Park Monaco Inc., as a seller, Countrywide Home Loans Servicing LP, as
master servicer, The Bank of New York, as trustee, and The Bank of New York
Trust Company, N.A., as co-trustee. The assets of the Trust Fund consist
primarily of a pool of conventional, credit-blemished mortgage loans (the
"Mortgage Loans") secured by primarily first liens on one- to four-family
residential properties.

        Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings
ascribed to such terms in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.


<PAGE>

        In arriving at the opinions expressed below, we have examined such
documents and records as we have deemed appropriate, including the following:

               (i) Signed copy of the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File
        No. 333-118926) filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
        Commission (the "Commission") under the Securities Act of 1933, as
        amended (the "1933 Act"), on September 10, 2004 (such registration
        statement declared effective by the Commission on October 18, 2004 is
        referred to herein as the "Registration Statement").

               (ii) The Prospectus dated October 25, 2004 (the "Basic
        Prospectus"), as supplemented by the Prospectus Supplement relating to
        the Public Certificates, dated December 15, 2004 (the "Prospectus
        Supplement"), in the form to be filed with the Commission pursuant to
        Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act (the Basic Prospectus, as supplemented
        by the Prospectus Supplement, the "Prospectus").

               (iii) Signed copy of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.

               (iv) The underwriting agreement dated December 15, 2004 between
        the Company and the several underwriters named therein (the
        "Underwriting Agreement").

               (v) Specimen Certificate of each Class of Certificates
        (together with the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, and
        Prospectus Supplement, the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and the
        Underwriting Agreement, the "Documents").

        In rendering the opinions set forth below, we have assumed, without
independent investigation, that all of the Documents furnished to us are
complete and authentic and that all of the Documents have been duly
authorized, executed and delivered. Our opinions are also based on the
assumption that all parties to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement will comply
with the terms thereof, including all tax reporting requirements contained
therein and that all representations made in the Pooling and Servicing
Agreement by any party thereto are true.

        Our opinions are also based on the assumption that the issuance of the
Certificates and the other transactions set forth in or contemplated by the
Documents are not part of another transaction or another series of
transactions that would require the Trust Fund, any investor or any other
participant to treat such transaction or transactions as subject to the
disclosure, registration, or list maintenance requirements of Section 6011,
6111 or 6112 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").

        Based upon the foregoing, we are of the opinion that: (i) each REMIC
described in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement will qualify as a real estate
mortgage investment conduit within the meaning of Section 860D of the Code,
(ii) the Regular Certificates will be treated as regular interests in the
Master REMIC, and (iii) the Class A-R Certificate will represent ownership of
the sole class of residual interest in each REMIC described in the Pooling and
Servicing Agreement. The rights of the Public Certificates (except for the
Class A-R Certificates), to receive payments from the Carryover Reserve Fund
will represent, for federal income tax purposes, separate contractual rights
coupled with REMIC regular interests within the meaning of Treasury regulation
ss.1.860G-2(i).





<PAGE>

        These opinions are based upon the current provisions of the Code and
the Treasury regulations issued or proposed thereunder, Revenue Rulings and
other published releases of the Internal Revenue Service and current case law,
any of which can change at any time. Any change could apply retroactively and
modify the legal conclusions upon which our opinions are based. Our opinions
are limited as described above, and we do not express an opinion on any other
tax aspect of the transactions contemplated by the Pooling and Servicing
Agreement or the effect of such transactions on Countrywide Financial
Corporation, any member of its federal consolidated group or any of its wholly
owned affiliates.

        In rendering the foregoing opinions, we express no opinion on the laws
of any jurisdiction other than the federal income tax laws of the United
States. This opinion is rendered as of the date hereof and we undertake no
obligation to update this opinion or advise you of any changes in the event
there is any change in legal authorities, facts, assumptions or documents on
which this opinion is based (including the taking of any action by any party
to the Documents pursuant to any opinion of counsel or a waiver), or any
inaccuracy in any of the representations, warranties or assumptions upon which
we have relied in rendering this opinion unless we are specifically engaged to
do so. This opinion is rendered only to those to whom it is addressed and may
not be relied on in connection with any transactions other than the
transactions contemplated herein. This opinion may not be relied upon for any
other purpose, or relied upon by any other person (including, without
limitation, any person who acquires the Certificates from the persons to whom
this opinion is addressed), firm or corporation for any purpose, without our
prior written consent.



                                           Very truly yours,


                                          /s/ Sidley Austin Brown & Wood LLP





