
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.07

                           COMMON SECURITY CERTIFICATE

         THIS COMMON SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN  REGISTERED  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OF  1933,  AS  AMENDED,  AND MAY NOT BE  OFFERED,  SOLD,  PLEDGED  OR  OTHERWISE
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION.

         THIS CERTIFICATE IS NOT TRANSFERABLE  EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION
8.1 OF THE DECLARATION (DEFINED HEREIN).

         THIS  COMMON  SECURITY  IS IN  REGISTERED  FORM  WITHIN THE  MEANING OF
TREASURY  REGULATIONS  SECTION  1.871-14(c)(1)(i)  FOR U.S.  FEDERAL  INCOME AND
WITHHOLDING TAX PURPOSES.

                  Certificate Number C-1     403 Common Securities

                                December 15, 2004

          Certificate Evidencing Fixed/Floating Rate Common Securities

                                       of

                         Tower Group Statutory Trust III

         Tower Group  Statutory  Trust III, a statutory  trust created under the
laws of the State of Delaware (the "Trust"),  hereby certifies that Tower Group,
Inc. (the  "Holder") is the registered  owner of common  securities of the Trust
representing  undivided  beneficial  interests  in the  assets of the Trust (the
"Common Securities").  Subject to the Declaration (as defined below), the Common
Securities are  transferable  on the books and records of the Trust in person or
by a duly authorized attorney,  upon surrender of this Certificate duly endorsed
and in proper form for transfer.  The Common Securities  represented  hereby are
issued  pursuant  to, and the  designation,  rights,  privileges,  restrictions,
preferences and other terms and provisions of the Common Securities shall in all
respects be subject to, the  provisions of the Amended and Restated  Declaration
of Trust of the Trust  dated as of  December  15,  2004,  among  Michael H. Lee,
Francis M. Colalucci and Steven G. Fauth, as  Administrators,  Wilmington  Trust
Company,  as  Delaware  Trustee,  Wilmington  Trust  Company,  as  Institutional
Trustee,  Tower Group,  Inc.,  as Sponsor,  and the holders from time to time of
undivided  beneficial  interest  in  the  assets  of  the  Trust  including  the
designation  of the terms of the  Common  Securities  as set forth in Annex I to
such amended and restated  declaration,  as the same may be amended from time to
time (the  "Declaration").  Capitalized  terms used herein but not defined shall
have the meaning  given them in the  Declaration.  The Holder is entitled to the
benefits of the Guarantee and the Indenture to the extent provided therein.  The
Sponsor will provide a copy of the Declaration,  the Guarantee and the Indenture
to the  Holder  without  charge  upon  written  request  to the  Sponsor  at its
principal place of business.

         As set forth in the Declaration,  when an Event of Default has occurred
and is  continuing,  the rights of Holders  of Common  Securities  to payment in
respect of Distributions and payments upon Liquidation,  redemption or otherwise
are subordinated to the rights of payment of Holders of the Capital Securities.
<PAGE>

         Upon  receipt  of  this  Certificate,   the  Holder  is  bound  by  the
Declaration and is entitled to the benefits thereunder.

         By acceptance  of this  Certificate,  the Holder  agrees to treat,  for
United States federal income tax purposes, the Floating Rate Junior Subordinated
Deferrable  Interest  Debentures  ("Debentures")  as indebtedness and the Common
Securities as evidence of undivided beneficial ownership in the Debentures.

         This  Common  Security  is  governed  by,  and  shall be  construed  in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles
of conflict of laws.



<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Trust has duly executed this certificate.

                                   Tower Group STATUTORY TRUST III


                                   By:
                                      ----------------------------
                                        Name:
                                        Title: Administrator


<PAGE>



                          [REVERSE OF COMMON SECURITY]

         Distributions  payable on each  Common  Security  will be payable at an
annual rate equal to 7.40%  beginning  on (and  including)  the date of original
issuance and ending on (but  excluding) the  Distribution  Payment Date (defined
herein)  in  December  2009 and at an  annual  rate for each  successive  period
beginning on (and including) the Distribution Payment Date in December 2009, and
each  succeeding  Distribution  Payment  Date,  commencing  on the  Distribution
Payment Date in March 2005, and ending on (but  excluding)  the next  succeeding
Distribution Payment Date (each such period, a "Distribution Period"),  equal to
3-Month LIBOR,  determined as described  below,  plus 3.40% (the "Coupon Rate"),
applied to the stated liquidation amount of $1,000.00 per Common Security,  such
rate  being the rate of  interest  payable on the  Debentures  to be held by the
Institutional  Trustee.  Distributions  in arrears  will bear  interest  thereon
compounded  quarterly  at the  Distribution  Rate (to the  extent  permitted  by
applicable  law).  The  term   "Distributions"  as  used  herein  includes  cash
distributions  and any such  compounded  distributions  and any Additional  Sums
payable on the Debentures unless otherwise noted. A Distribution is payable only
to the extent that  payments are made in respect of the  Debentures  held by the
Institutional  Trustee  and to the extent the  Institutional  Trustee  has funds
available therefor. As used herein,  "Determination Date" means the date that is
two London  Banking Days (i.e.,  a business day in which dealings in deposits in
U.S.  dollars are  transacted  in the London  interbank  market)  preceding  the
commencement of the relevant Distribution Period. The amount of the Distribution
payable  (i) for any  Distribution  Period  commencing  on or after  the date of
original issuance but before the Distribution Payment Date in December 2009 will
be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months, and (ii) for
the Distribution Period commencing on or after the Distribution  Payment Date in
December  2009 and each  succeeding  Distribution  Period will be  calculated by
applying the Distribution Rate to the stated  liquidation  amount outstanding at
the commencement of the Distribution  Period and multiplying each such amount by
the actual number of days in the Distribution Period concerned divided by 360.

         "3-Month  LIBOR" as used  herein,  means the London  interbank  offered
interest rate for three-month  U.S. dollar deposits  determined by the Debenture
Trustee  in the  following  order  of  priority:  (i) the rate  (expressed  as a
percentage per annum) for U.S.  dollar  deposits  having a three-month  maturity
that appears on Telerate Page 3750 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the related
Determination  Date ("Telerate Page 3750" means the display  designated as "Page
3750" on the Dow Jones  Telerate  Service or such other page as may replace Page
3750 on that  service or such other  service or services as may be  nominated by
the British  Bankers'  Association as the information  vendor for the purpose of
displaying  London interbank  offered rates for U.S. dollar  deposits);  (ii) if
such rate cannot be identified on the related  Determination Date, the Debenture
Trustee will request the principal  London  offices of four leading banks in the
London interbank market to provide such banks' offered quotations  (expressed as
percentages  per annum) to prime banks in the London  interbank  market for U.S.
dollar deposits having a three-month  maturity as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on
such Determination Date. If at least two quotations are provided,  3-Month LIBOR
will be the  arithmetic  mean of such  quotations;  (iii) if fewer than two such
quotations are provided as requested in clause (ii) above, the Debenture Trustee
will  request  four  major New York City banks to provide  such  banks'  offered
quotations  (expressed as percentages  per annum) to leading  European banks for
loans in U.S. dollars as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such Determination Date.
If at  least  two  such  quotations  are  provided,  3-Month  LIBOR  will be the
arithmetic mean of such  quotations;  and (iv) if fewer than two such quotations
are provided as requested in clause (iii) above, 3-Month LIBOR will be a 3-Month
LIBOR determined with respect to the Distribution  Period immediately  preceding
such current  Distribution Period. If the rate for U.S. dollar deposits having a
three-month  maturity that  initially  appears on Telerate Page 3750 as of 11:00
a.m.  (London  time) on the  related  Determination  Date is  superseded  on the
Telerate  Page 3750 by a  corrected  rate by 12:00  noon  (London  time) on such
Determination  Date, then the corrected rate as so substituted on the applicable
page will be the applicable 3-Month LIBOR for such Determination Date.
<PAGE>

         "Interest  Rate" means for the period  beginning on (and including) the
date of original issuance and ending on (but excluding) the Distribution Payment
Date in  December  2009 the rate per  annum of 7.40%  and for each  Distribution
Period thereafter, the Coupon Rate.

         The Interest Rate for any Distribution Period will at no time be higher
than the maximum rate then permitted by New York law as the same may be modified
by United States law.

         All  percentages   resulting  from  any   calculations  on  the  Common
Securities will be rounded, if necessary,  to the nearest one hundred-thousandth
of a percentage  point,  with five  one-millionths of a percentage point rounded
upward (e.g.,  9.876545% (or .09876545) being rounded to 9.87655% (or .0987655),
and all  dollar  amounts  used in or  resulting  from such  calculation  will be
rounded to the nearest cent (with one-half cent being rounded upward)).

         Except  as  otherwise  described  below,  Distributions  on the  Common
Securities  will be cumulative,  will accrue from the date of original  issuance
and will be payable  quarterly in arrears on March 15, June 15, September 15 and
December  15 of each year or if such day is not a  Business  Day,  then the next
succeeding  Business  Day (each  such  date,  a  "Distribution  Payment  Date"),
commencing on the Distribution  Payment Date in March 2005. The Debenture Issuer
has the  right  under  the  Indenture  to  defer  payments  of  interest  on the
Debentures,  so long as no  Indenture  Event  of  Default  has  occurred  and is
continuing,  by extending the interest  payment  period for up to 20 consecutive
quarterly periods (each an "Extension Period") at any time and from time to time
on the  Debentures,  subject to the  conditions  described  below,  during which
Extension  Period no interest  shall be due and  payable.  During any  Extension
Period, interest will continue to accrue on the Debentures, and interest on such
accrued interest will accrue at an annual rate equal to the Distribution Rate in
effect for each such Extension Period,  compounded  quarterly from the date such
interest  would have been payable were it not for the Extension  Period,  to the
extent  permitted  by law (such  interest  referred  to  herein  as  "Additional
Interest").  No  Extension  Period may end on a date  other than a  Distribution
Payment  Date. At the end of any such  Extension  Period,  the Debenture  Issuer
shall pay all interest then accrued and unpaid on the Debentures  (together with
Additional Interest thereon);  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that no Extension Period may
extend  beyond the Maturity  Date.  Prior to the  termination  of any  Extension
Period, the Debenture Issuer may further extend such period,  provided that such
period  together  with all such  previous  and  further  consecutive  extensions
thereof shall not exceed 20 consecutive  quarterly periods, or extend beyond the
Maturity Date. Upon the termination of any Extension Period and upon the payment
of all accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Interest, the Debenture Issuer
may commence a new Extension Period, subject to the foregoing  requirements.  No
interest or  Additional  Interest  shall be due and payable  during an Extension
Period,  except at the end thereof,  but each installment of interest that would
otherwise  have been due and payable  during such  Extension  Period  shall bear
Additional  Interest.  During any Extension Period,  Distributions on the Common
Securities  shall be deferred for a period  equal to the  Extension  Period.  If
Distributions are deferred, the Distributions due shall be paid on the date that
the related Extension Period terminates,  to Holders of the Common Securities as
they appear on the books and records of the Trust on the record date immediately
preceding such date.  Distributions on the Common Securities must be paid on the
dates payable  (after giving effect to any Extension  Period) to the extent that
the Trust has funds  available  for the  payment  of such  distributions  in the
Property  Account of the Trust.  The Trust's funds available for Distribution to
the Holders of the Common  Securities will be limited to payments  received from
the Debenture Issuer.
<PAGE>

         The  Common   Securities   shall  be  redeemable  as  provided  in  the
Declaration.



<PAGE>



                                   ASSIGNMENT

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  the undersigned  assigns and transfers this Common
Security Certificate to:

         ----------------------------------------------------------------

        (Insert assignee's social security or tax identification number)

         ----------------------------------------------------------------

         ----------------------------------------------------------------

         ----------------------------------------------------------------

         (Insert address and zip code of assignee) and irrevocably appoints


         agent to transfer this Common Security  Certificate on the books of the
         Trust. The agent may substitute another to act for him or her.

                  Date:
                       ------------------------------------------------

                  Signature:
                            -------------------------------------------

         (Sign  exactly as your name  appears  on the other side of this  Common
         Security Certificate)

Signature Guarantee(1)

- --------

(1)      Signature  must be  guaranteed by an "eligible  guarantor  institution"
         that is a bank,  stockbroker,  savings and loan  association  or credit
         union,  meeting  the  requirements  of the  Security  registrar,  which
         requirements  include  membership or  participation  in the  Securities
         Transfer Agents  Medallion  Program  ("STAMP") or such other "signature
         guarantee  program" as may be determined  by the Security  registrar in
         addition to, or in substitution  for, STAMP, all in accordance with the
         Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

