
<PAGE>

================================================================================
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934


                DATE OF REPORT (DATE OF EARLIEST EVENT REPORTED):
                     DECEMBER 22, 2004 (DECEMBER 16, 2004)

                         BEHRINGER HARVARD REIT I, INC.
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)


             MARYLAND                    333-91532             68-0509956
 (State or other jurisdiction of        (Commission         (I.R.S. Employer
  incorporation or organization)        File Number)       Identification No.)


                 15601 DALLAS PARKWAY, SUITE 600, ADDISON, TEXAS
                                      75001
                    (Address of principal executive offices)
                                   (Zip Code)

                                 (866) 655-1605
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

                                      NONE
          (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

| |  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
     (17 CFR 230.425)

| |  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
     (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

| |  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

| |  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
================================================================================

<PAGE>

ITEM 2.01     COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS

CYPRUS BUILDING

        On December 16, 2004, Behringer Harvard REIT I, Inc., (the "Registrant")
acquired a four-story office building containing approximately 153,048 rentable
square feet located on approximately 8.2 acres of land in Englewood, Colorado, a
suburb of Denver (the "Cyprus Building") through Behringer Harvard Cyprus, LLC,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Behringer Harvard Operating Partnership I LP, the
Registrant's operating partnership. The contract purchase price of the Cyprus
Building, exclusive of closing costs and initial escrows, was $19,800,000. The
Registrant used proceeds from its public offering to pay the entire purchase
price and all closing costs of the acquisition.

        The purchase price for the transaction was determined through
negotiations between the Cyprus Building seller, PERA Mineral, Inc., an
unrelated third party, and Behringer Advisors LP, the Registrant's advisor. In
evaluating the Cyprus Building as a potential acquisition and determining
whether the amount of consideration to be paid was appropriate, a variety of
factors were considered, including overall valuation of net rental income
(defined as revenues from the tenant from rent and expense reimbursements less
the Cyprus Building's actual operating expenses), expected capital expenditures,
costs of physical plant maintenance, location, environmental issues,
demographics, quality of the tenant, length of lease, price per square foot and
occupancy. The Registrant's advisor believes that the Cyprus Building is well
located, has acceptable roadway access, attracts a high-quality tenant, is well
maintained, adequately insured and has been professionally managed.

        The Cyprus Building, which was constructed in 1988, is 100% leased to
one tenant, Phelps Dodge Corporation. The tenant does not currently occupy the
building and the building is vacant as of the closing date.

        Phelps Dodge Corporation is an international mineral and chemical
producer. Phelps Dodge leases 153,048 square feet for an annual rent of
$2,408,885 under a lease that expires in October 2008. Phelps Dodge has three
five-year renewal options available.

        HPT Management Services LP (the "Cyprus Property Manager"), an affiliate
of the Registrant, has the sole and exclusive right to manage, operate, lease
and supervise the overall maintenance of the Cyprus Building. Among other
things, the Cyprus Property Manager will have the authority to negotiate and
enter into leases of the property on behalf of the Registrant, to incur costs
and expenses, to pay property operating costs and expenses from property cash
flow or reserves and to require that the Registrant provide sufficient funds for
the payment of operating expenses. The Cyprus Property Manager has subcontracted
certain of its on-site management services and all leasing services to Trammell
Crow Services, Inc.

        As compensation for its services, the Cyprus Property Manager or its
affiliates is entitled to the following reimbursements for its out-of-pocket
costs and on-site personnel costs and the following compensation:

1.      A property management fee equal to 3% of the monthly gross revenues from
        the Cyprus Building.

2.      An annual asset management fee equal to 0.5% of the asset value.

        Leasing commission of 6% will be paid on any new leases to be divided 4%
to the outside broker and 2% paid to Trammel Crow Services, Inc. On lease
renewals, a total commission of 4% will be paid with 2% paid to the outside
broker and 2% paid to Trammell Crow Services, Inc.


                                       2
<PAGE>

PRATT BUILDING

        On December 17, 2004, the Registrant acquired an undivided 50.67995%
tenant in common interest in a 24-story office building containing approximately
368,194 rentable square feet located on approximately 0.75 acres of land in
Baltimore, Maryland (the "Pratt Building"). The contract purchase price of the
Pratt Building, exclusive of closing costs and initial escrows, was $51,816,488.
The Registrant used borrowings of $18,751,582 under a loan agreement (the "Pratt
Loan Agreement") with Citigroup Global Markets Realty Corp. (the "Pratt Lender")
to pay a portion of its share of such contract purchase price and paid the
remaining amount from proceeds of the Registrant's offering of its common stock
to the public. For a description of the Pratt Loan Agreement, see Item 2.03
below. The Registrant's tenant in common interest is held by Behringer Harvard
Pratt H, LLC, an entity that is wholly owned by the Registrant's operating
partnership, Behringer Harvard Operating Partnership I LP. The purchase price
for the transaction was determined through negotiations between the Pratt
Building seller, Trizec 250 W. Pratt, LLC, an unrelated third party, and
Behringer Advisors LP, the Registrant's advisor. In evaluating the Pratt
Building as a potential acquisition and determining the appropriate amount of
consideration to be paid for the Registrant's interest in the Pratt Building, a
variety of factors were considered, including overall valuation of net rental
income (defined as revenues from the tenants from rent and expense
reimbursements less the Pratt Building's actual operating expenses), expected
capital expenditures, costs of physical plant maintenance, location,
environmental issues, demographics, tenant mix, quality of tenants, length of
leases, price per square foot and occupancy. The Registrant's advisor believes
that the Pratt Building is well located, has acceptable roadway access, attracts
high-quality tenants, is well maintained, adequately insured and has been
professionally managed.

        The Pratt Building, which was constructed in 1986, is approximately 76%
leased and includes the following major tenants: Vertis, Inc. ("Vertis"), Semmes
Bowen & Semmes ("Semmes") and the United States General Services Administration
(the "GSA").

        Vertis is a provider of targeted advertising, media and marketing
services. Vertis leases 57,631 square feet for an annual rent of $1,618,304
under a lease that expires in August 2007, with a five-year renewal option
available.

        Semmes is a full-service law firm with a national civil practice. Semmes
leases 48,426 square feet for an annual rent of $1,328,805 under a lease that
expires in April 2008.

        The GSA assists and supports Federal Agencies by offering superior
workplaces, expert solutions, acquisition services and management policies. The
GSA leases 41,000 square feet for an annual rent of $1,086,500 under a lease
that expires in June 2007, with a five-year renewal option available.

        The remaining 49.32005% tenant in common interest in the Pratt Building
was acquired by various investors who purchased their interests in a private
offering sponsored by the Registrant's affiliate, Behringer Harvard Holdings,
LLC. Each tenant in common investor, including the Registrant, is a borrower
under the Pratt Loan Agreement.

        The tenants in common, including the Registrant, have also entered into
both a Tenants in Common Agreement (the "Pratt Tenants in Common Agreement") and
a Property and Asset Management Agreement (the "Pratt Property Management
Agreement") with Behringer Harvard TIC Management Services LP (the "Pratt
Property Manager"). The tenants in common are each obligated to pay their pro
rata share of any future cash contributions required in connection with the
ownership, operation, management and maintenance of the Pratt Building, as
determined by the Pratt Property Manager. Under the Pratt Tenants in Common
Agreement, if any tenant in common fails to pay any required cash contribution,
any other tenant in common may pay such

                                       3
<PAGE>

amount. The nonpaying tenant in common is required to reimburse the paying
tenant(s) in common within 30 days, together with interest at 10% per annum (but
not more than the maximum rate allowed by law). Under the Pratt Property
Management Agreement, the Pratt Property Manager may also withhold distributions
to the nonpaying tenant in common and pay such distributions to the paying
tenant(s) in common until such reimbursement is paid in full. In addition, the
paying tenant(s) in common may be able to obtain a lien against the undivided
interest in the property of the nonpaying tenant in common and exercise other
legal remedies. The tenants in common are also required to indemnify the other
tenants in common to the extent such other person pays for a liability of a
tenant in common or in the event a tenant in common causes a liability as a
result of such tenant in common's actions or inactions.

        All of the tenants in common must approve certain decisions relating to
the Pratt Building, including any future sale, exchange, lease or release of all
or a portion of the Pratt Building, any loans or modifications of any loans
secured by the Pratt Building, the approval of any property management
agreement, or any extension, renewal or modification thereof. All other
decisions relating to the Pratt Building require the approval of a majority of
the tenants in common. If a tenant in common votes against or fails to consent
to any action that requires the unanimous approval of the tenants in common when
at least 50% of the tenants in common have voted or provided consent for such
action, Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC or its affiliates have the option, but
not the obligation, to purchase such dissenting tenant in common's interest for
fair market value.

        Each tenant in common may sell, transfer, convey, pledge, encumber or
hypothecate its undivided interest in the Pratt Building or any part thereof,
provided that any transferee shall take such interest subject to the Pratt
Tenants in Common Agreement and the Pratt Property Management Agreement (to the
extent that the Pratt Property Management Agreement is then in effect);
provided, further however, such party must provide first to Behringer Harvard
Pratt H, LLC and its affiliates and second to the other tenants in common, the
right to make an offer to purchase such selling party's interest.

        Under the Pratt Tenants in Common Agreement, all income, expenses, loss,
liabilities and cash flow from the Pratt Building, and all cash proceeds from
any sale, exchange or refinancing of the property, and all liabilities of the
property (except for items separately determined such as real estate taxes and
management fees), are allocated to the tenants in common in proportion to their
undivided interests in the property.

        The tenants in common have no right to possession of the Pratt Building.
However, subject to the restrictions of the Pratt Loan Agreement, any tenant in
common may partition the Pratt Building subject to first offering to sell its
undivided interest to Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC or its affiliates at fair
market value and second, offering to sell its undivided interest to the other
tenants in common at fair market value.

        The Tenants in Common Agreement provides Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC
or its affiliates with an option, but not the obligation, to purchase any
defaulting tenant in common's undivided interest in the Pratt Building at fair
market value. A defaulting tenant in common is any tenant in common who is in
default under the Pratt Loan Agreement, the Pratt Property Management Agreement
and/or the Pratt Tenants in Common Agreement.

        In addition, Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC has the option, but not the
obligation, to purchase all of the tenants in common's undivided interests in
the Pratt Building by providing notice of its election to exercise this option
to the tenants in common upon the earlier of (i) during the last year prior to
the expiration of the Pratt Loan Agreement, (ii) the announcement by the
Registrant of its intention to liquidate its assets or (iii) the announcement by
the Registrant of its intention to liquidate its investment portfolio or to list
its equity securities on any national

                                       4
<PAGE>

securities exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market. In the Registrant's discretion,
it may offer the tenants in common the option to exchange their interests for
equity securities ("Exchange Securities") in the Registrant or its operating
partnership, Behringer Harvard Operating Partnership I LP, at their fair market
value. In the event that the Registrant exercises the option and does not offer
the tenants in common the option to exchange their interests for the Exchange
Securities or a tenant in common elects not to exchange its interest for the
Exchange Securities, the purchase price is paid in cash.

        The Pratt Property Management Agreement remains in effect until the
earlier to occur of (i) the sale of the Pratt Building or any portion thereof,
as to only such portion of the Pratt Building sold (other than any sale of an
undivided interest held by a tenant in common to a party that will acquire such
interest subject to the Pratt Tenants in Common Agreement and the Pratt Property
Management Agreement), or (ii) December 31, 2030; provided, however, the Pratt
Property Management Agreement terminates on December 31, 2004 and each
anniversary of such date unless all of the tenants in common consent to the
continuation of the Property Management Agreement. In addition, the Pratt
Property Management Agreement may be terminated by the Pratt Property Manager
for any reason upon 60-days written notice or in the event the tenants in common
are in default in the performance of any of their obligations under the
agreement and such default remains uncured for 30 days following written notice.

        The Pratt Property Manager has the sole and exclusive right to manage,
operate, lease and supervise the overall maintenance of the Pratt Building.
Among other things, the Pratt Property Manager has the authority to negotiate
and enter into leases of the Pratt Building on behalf of the tenants in common
(in substantial conformance with approved leasing parameters and the operating
plan), to incur costs and expenses, to pay property operating costs and expenses
from property cash flow or reserves and to require additional cash contributions
from the tenants in common.

        As compensation for its services, the Pratt Property Manager or its
affiliates is entitled to the following reimbursements for its out-of-pocket
costs and on-site personnel costs and the following compensation:

1.      A property management fee equal to 3% of the monthly gross revenues from
the Pratt Building. Upon a sale of the Pratt Building, the Pratt Property
Manager shall receive additional compensation equal to the previous month's
property management fee as compensation for work to be performed in connection
with the sale or completion of managing matters relating to each tenant.

2.      An annual asset management fee of $180,000 for supervising the overall
management and operation of the Pratt Building. The asset management fee is pro
rated for any partial year and shall be payable pro rata on a monthly basis on
the first day of each month. The Pratt Property Manager may defer, in its sole
discretion, all or any portion of such asset management fee. Any such unpaid
asset management fees shall, in all events, be paid upon the earliest to occur
of the following events: (i) the termination of the Pratt Property Management
Agreement, (ii) the sale of the Pratt Building, or (iii) ten years from the
accrual of any such unpaid asset management fee. Upon termination of the Pratt
Property Management Agreement or upon a sale of the Pratt Building, the parties
will prorate the asset management fee on a daily basis to the effective date of
such cancellation or termination.

3.      A leasing commission equal to (i) 6% of first year base rent, 4% of
second and third year base rent, 3% of fourth and fifth year base rent, and 2%
of all subsequent years' base rent of any new lease or expansion that is not
co-brokered; (such commission rates referred to herein as the "Baltimore
Rates"); (ii) for new leases or expansions of leases that are co-brokered, the
Property Manager receives one-half of the Baltimore Rates and the co-broker
receives the full Baltimore

                                       5
<PAGE>

Rates; (iii) 2% of base rent of lease extensions and renewals that are not
co-brokered; or (iv) 2% of base rent of lease extensions and renewals that are
co-brokered and an additional 2% payable to the co-broker.

4.      A construction management fee equal to 5% of any amount (including
related professional services) expended for construction, tenant improvement or
repair projects with respect to the Pratt Building.

5.      A financing fee equal to 1% of the principal amount of any loan obtained
by or for the tenants in common; provided, however, no separate financing fee
will be paid with respect to the Pratt Loan Agreement. Any financing fee will be
payable to the Pratt Property Manager or its affiliate whether or not an outside
loan broker is used.

6.      In connection with any sale, exchange or other disposition of the Pratt
Building, or any portion thereof (including an undivided interest of a single
tenant in common), an amount equal to 2% of the sales price if the Pratt
Property Manager or its affiliates participates in the sale, exchange or other
disposition. If there is a broker fee paid to a third party broker in connection
with a sale, exchange or other disposition of the property, the payment to the
third party broker shall be paid out of the fee paid to the Pratt Property
Manager.

        Notwithstanding the foregoing, no fees charged to the Registrant that
would be charged to the Registrant by its advisor or by its general property
manager, HPT Management Services LP, will exceed those that may be charged to
the Registrant by the Pratt Property Manager.

        Behringer Harvard Holdings, LLC is the parent company of the
Registrant's advisor, Behringer Advisors LP. As of September 30, 2004, Robert
Behringer, the Registrant's President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of
the Board, owned approximately 56% of the limited liability company interests of
Behringer Harvard Holdings, LLC and all of its voting interests. In addition,
Mr. Behringer is the sole manager of Behringer Harvard Holdings, LLC.

ITEM 2.03   CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION UNDER AN
            OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENT OF A REGISTRANT.

        The Registrant entered into the Pratt Loan Agreement on December 17,
2004. The total borrowings of all tenant in common interest holders under the
Pratt Loan Agreement was $37,000,000, including the $18,751,582 borrowed by the
Registrant. The interest rate under the loan is fixed at 5.285% per annum, and
repayment in whole (but not in part) is permitted from and after the third
payment date prior to the maturity date, provided that at least fifteen days
prior written notice is given. The Pratt Loan Agreement has a ten-year term.

        Under the Pratt Loan Agreement, each tenant in common interest holder's
liability is joint and several based upon its pro rata ownership of the Pratt
Building, though non-recourse provisions provide that the Pratt Lender may not
levy or execute judgment upon any property of the borrowers or their guarantors
other than the Pratt Building, except that each borrower and its guarantors are
liable for losses incurred by the Pratt Lender attributable to (i) such parties'
fraud or intentional misrepresentation; (ii) such borrower's removal or disposal
of any portion of the Property after an Event of Default; (iii) such borrower's
failure to obtain the Pratt Lender's prior written consent to any subordinate
financing or other voluntary lien encumbering such borrower's interest in the
Pratt Building; (iv) such borrower's failure to obtain the Pratt Lender's prior
written consent to any assignment, transfer or conveyance of such borrower's
interest in the Pratt Building or any portion thereof as required by the Pratt
Loan Agreement; (v) such borrower's violation of any of the special purpose
entity covenants and requirements contained in the Pratt Loan Agreement or the
related loan documents; (vi) the breach by such borrower of any representation,
warranty, covenant or indemnification provision in the Pratt Loan Agreement or
the related Deed of Trust concerning environmental laws, hazardous substances
and asbestos and

                                       6
<PAGE>

any indemnification of the Pratt Lender with respect thereto in either document;
provided, however, that such borrower's guarantor will not be liable for these
losses unless (A) in the event of a breach of any environmental representation,
the breach involved such borrower's or guarantor's actual knowledge of the
incorrectness or untruth of the underlying representation, and (B) in the event
of any breached warranty, covenant or indemnification, the breach was caused, in
whole or in part, by the actions of either such borrower or guarantor; (viii)
the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such borrower; and (ix) any
election by such borrower to terminate or not to renew the Property Management
Agreement.

        In addition, each borrower under the Pratt Loan Agreement must protect,
defend, indemnify, release and hold the Pratt Lender harmless from and against
any and all losses imposed upon or incurred by or asserted against the Pratt
Lender up to an amount equal to such borrower's undivided interest in the Pratt
Building multiplied by the amount of the outstanding debt under the Pratt Loan
Agreement and directly or indirectly arising out of or in any way relating to
any one or more of the following: (i) such borrower's failure to obtain the
Pratt Lender's prior written consent to any subordinate financing or other
voluntary lien encumbering the Pratt Building; (ii) such borrower's failure to
obtain the Pratt Lender's prior written consent to any assignment, transfer, or
conveyance of the Pratt Building as required by the Pratt Loan Agreement; and
(iii) such borrower's agreement to terminate the Pratt Tenants In Common
Agreement among the tenant in common owners of the Pratt Building without the
Pratt Lender's consent.

        In addition, each borrower's guarantor under the Pratt Loan is liable
for full payment of the outstanding debt thereunder up to an amount equal to
such borrower's undivided interest in the Pratt Building multiplied by the
amount of such outstanding debt in the event (i) that such borrower files a
voluntary petition under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any other federal or state
bankruptcy or insolvency law, or (ii) an involuntary case is commenced against
such borrower under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any other federal or state
bankruptcy or insolvency law with the collusion of such borrower or any of its
affiliates.

        In addition, Behringer Harvard Holdings, LLC and Robert M. Behringer are
responsible for losses of the Pratt Lender relating to: (i) fraud or intentional
misrepresentation by Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC or any of its affiliates in
connection with the Pratt Loan Agreement; (ii) the removal or disposal of any
portion of the Pratt Building after an event of default by Behringer Harvard
Pratt H, LLC or any of its affiliates; (iii) the failure of Behringer Harvard
Pratt H, LLC to obtain the Pratt Lender's prior written consent to any
subordinate financing or other voluntary lien encumbering the Pratt Building
that is placed thereon by Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC; (iv) the failure of
Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC to obtain the Pratt Lender's prior written
consent to any assignment, transfer or conveyance of the Pratt Building or any
portion thereof by Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC as required by the Pratt Loan
Agreement; (v) the breach by Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC of any
representation, warranty, covenant or indemnification provision in the Pratt
Loan Agreement or the related Deed of Trust concerning environmental laws,
hazardous substances and asbestos and any indemnification of the Pratt Lender
with respect thereto in either document; (vi) the filing by Behringer Harvard
Pratt H, LLC of any action for partition of the Pratt Building; (vii) any
election by Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC to terminate or not to renew the
Pratt Property Management Agreement in a manner not permitted under the Pratt
Loan Agreement; (viii) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Behringer
Harvard Pratt H, LLC; and (ix) the misapplication or conversion by Behringer
Harvard Pratt H, LLC of (A) any insurance proceeds paid by reason of any loss,
damage or destruction to the Pratt Building, (B) any awards or other amounts
received in connection with the condemnation of all or a portion of the Pratt
Building, or (C) any rents following an event of default.

                                       7
<PAGE>

        In addition, Behringer Harvard Holdings, LLC and Robert M. Behringer
have guaranteed payment of the debt under the Pratt Loan Agreement in the event
that (i) Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC files a voluntary petition under the
U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any other federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency law,
or (ii) an involuntary case is commenced against the initial borrowers under the
Pratt Loan Agreement under the Bankruptcy Code or any other federal or state
bankruptcy or insolvency law with the collusion of Behringer Harvard Pratt H,
LLC or any of its affiliates.

        In general, no sale, encumbrance or other transfer of interest in the
Pratt Building, including the Registrant's tenant in common interest, is
permitted without the Pratt Lender's prior written consent.

ITEM 9.01     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

(A)     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF BUSINESS ACQUIRED.

        Because it is impracticable to provide the required financial statements
for the acquired real properties described above at the time of this filing, and
no financial statements (audited or unaudited) are available at this time, the
Registrant hereby confirms that the required financial statements will be filed
on or before March 3, 2005, by amendments to this Form 8-K, which date is within
the period allowed to file such amendments.

(B)     PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION.

        See Paragraph (a) above.

(C)     EXHIBITS.

        The following exhibits are filed herewith in accordance with Item 601 of
Regulation S-K:

        99.1    Loan Agreement between Citigroup Global Markets Realty Corp. and
                Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC and the initial TIC borrowers

        99.2    Promissory Note made between Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC and
                the initial TIC borrowers and Citigroup Global Markets Realty
                Corp.

        99.3    Deed of Trust, Assignment of Leases and Rents and Security
                Agreement by Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC and the initial TIC
                borrowers, as grantor, to Christopher F. Naughten as trustee for
                the benefit of Citigroup Global Markets Realty Corp.

        99.4    Assignment of Leases and Rents by Behringer Harvard Pratt H, LLC
                and the initial TIC borrowers to Citigroup Global Markets Realty
                Corp.

        99.5    Guaranty of Recourse Obligation made between Behringer Harvard
                Holdings, LLC, Behringer Harvard REIT I, Inc. and Robert
                Behringer for the benefit of Citigroup Global Markets Realty
                Corp.

        99.6    Tenants in Common Agreement regarding Pratt Building

        99.7    Property and Asset Management Agreement regarding Pratt Building

        99.8    Sale Agreement between Trizec 250 W. Pratt, LLC and Behringer
                Harvard Operating Partnership I LP

                                       8
<PAGE>



                                    SIGNATURE


        Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.


                                            BEHRINGER HARVARD REIT I, INC.




Dated:  December 22, 2004                   By: /s/ Gary S. Bresky
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Gary S. Bresky
                                            Chief Financial Officer and
                                            Treasurer









                                       9

