-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 I5vqkiPlQ+dif6gPgFmu0ZJnTyU2yMJW9t45A2y2AWas/79YZobpI+xW0iN7TG4q
 AhuIXWEIMnAOWeZY3cevAg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950159-04-001096.txt : 20041227
<SEC-HEADER>0000950159-04-001096.hdr.sgml : 20041224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041227141358
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950159-04-001096
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041222
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to the Registrant.s Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000700733
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				232215075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22537-01
		FILM NUMBER:		041226169

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PHILADELPHIA AND READING AVE
		STREET 2:		PO 547
		CITY:			BOYERTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19512
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-800-822-3321

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		READING AND PHILADELPHIA AVES
		STREET 2:		P. O. BOX 547
		CITY:			BOYERTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19512
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>npb8k.txt
<TEXT>


                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              WASHINGTON, DC 20549


                                    FORM 8-K

                             CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT
                          TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)       December 22, 2004
                                                        -----------------

                         NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.
               ---------------------------------------------------
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

                                  Pennsylvania
                   ------------------------------------------
                 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

        000-22537-01                                 23-2215075
  ------------------------                ----------------------------------
  (Commission File Number)               (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

            Philadelphia and Reading Avenues, Boyertown, PA         19512
            -----------------------------------------------       ---------
               (Address of Principal Executive Offices)          (Zip Code)

                                  610-367-6001
               --------------------------------------------------
               Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code

                                       N/A
       -----------------------------------------------------------------
         (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

         Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

                  Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the
         ---      Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)


                  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
         ---      Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)


                  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
         ---      under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))


                  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
         ---      under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))



<PAGE>


Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws; Change in Fiscal
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year.
- ----

         On December 22, 2004, the Board of Directors of National Penn
Bancshares, Inc. approved amendments to National Penn's Bylaws.

         The purpose of the amendments is to provide flexibility for the Board
to delegate to a Board Committee the power to elect officers other than the
Chairman or President. As before the amendments, the full Board designates
either the Chairman or the President as the Chief Executive Officer. The
amendments were effective upon adoption by the Board.

         The Bylaws, as amended, are filed in this Report as Exhibit 3.1.
Amended sections are indicated (sections 4.03, 4.08, 4.11, 4.12).

Item 5.05 Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Provision of the Code of Ethics
- -------------------------------

         On December 22, 2004, the Board of Directors of National Penn approved
amendments to National Penn's Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct is National
Penn's code of conduct required by the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock
Market and the code of ethics required by Section 406(c) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

         The principal purpose of the amendments is to provide expressly that
temporary employees and consultants are subject to the Code. Previously, such
persons were deemed covered by the Code as being within the definition of
"agents". In addition, other changes were made to the Code regarding personal
investments, compliance with National Penn policies and procedures, and
cooperation with investigations. None of the changes related to any element of
the code of ethics required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or the related SEC
regulations. The amendments were effective upon adoption by the Board.

         The Code of Conduct, as amended, is filed in this Report as Exhibit
14.1. Amended sections are indicated.

Item 8.01 Other Events
- ----------------------

         On December 22, 2004, the Board of Directors approved Amendment No. 8
to the National Penn Capital Accumulation Plan, a 401(k) plan.

         The purpose of this amendment is to merge The Peoples Bank of Oxford
401(k) Retirement Plan into the National Penn Capital Accumulation Plan
effective December 13, 2004.

         The National Penn Capital Accumulation Plan (Amended and Restated
Effective January 1, 1997) and Amendments No. 1 through No. 5 to that Plan were
included in National Penn's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2003 as Exhibits 10.6 through 10.11, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2004. Amendments No. 6 through 8 to the
Capital Accumulation Plan are filed in this Report as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and
10.3, respectively.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
- --------------------------------------------

(c) Exhibits.

         3.1      Amended and Restated Bylaws of National Penn Bancshares, Inc.

         10.1     Amendment No. 6 to National Penn Bancshares, Inc. Capital
                  Accumulation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1,
                  1997).

         10.2     Amendment No. 7 to National Penn Bancshares, Inc. Capital
                  Accumulation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1,
                  1997).

         10.3     Amendment No. 8 to National Penn Bancshares, Inc. Capital
                  Accumulation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1,
                  1997).

         14.1     Amended and Restated National Penn Bancshares, Inc. Code of
                  Conduct.

<PAGE>


                                    SIGNATURE


         Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,
the  registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                               NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.


                                                  By /s/ Wayne R. Weidner
                                                   -----------------------
                                                   Name: Wayne R. Weidner
                                                   Title: Chairman and CEO


Dated:  December 24, 2004


<PAGE>


                               EXHIBIT INDEX
                               -------------


Exhibit Number                              Description
- --------------                              -----------

   3.1      Amended Restated Bylaws of National Penn Bancshares, Inc.

   10.1     Amendment No. 6 to National Penn Bancshares, Inc. Capital
            Accumulation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 1997).

   10.2     Amendment No. 7 to National Penn Bancshares, Inc. Capital
            Accumulation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 1997).

   10.3     Amendment No. 8 to National Penn Bancshares, Inc. Capital
            Accumulation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 1997).

   14.1     Amended and Restated National Penn Bancshares, Inc. Code of Conduct.


<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit3-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>

                                                                 Amended by B/D
                                                                        4/28/04

                                                                revised 12/6/04


                                     BYLAWS

                         NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.
                      (A Pennsylvania Business Corporation)

                                    ARTICLE I
                                    ---------

                            Meetings of Shareholders
                            ------------------------

         Section 1.01. Place of Meeting. Meetings of shareholders of the
Corporation shall be held at such place, within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
or elsewhere, as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. If no place is so
fixed, they shall be held at the executive office of the Corporation wherever
situated.

         Section 1.02. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of shareholders for
the election of Directors whose terms are expiring and the transaction of any
other business which may be brought properly before the meeting shall be held at
4:00 p.m., local time, on the fourth Monday in April of each year or such other
date and time as the Board of Directors shall determine.

         Section 1.03. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the shareholders
may be called at any time by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive
Officer. Such meetings shall be held on such date and time as may be fixed by
the Board of Directors or, in the absence of such designation, as fixed by the
Secretary. Special meetings may not be called by shareholders.

         Section 1.04. Notice of Meetings. Notice of all meetings of
shareholders shall be given by the Secretary. Written notice of the date, time
and place of all meetings of shareholders, and of the general nature of the
business to be transacted at special meetings, shall be given to each
shareholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting at least twenty days prior
to the day named for the meeting.

         Section 1.05. Organization. The Chairman or, if there is no Chairman or
if the Chairman is absent, the President, shall act as presiding officer at
every meeting of the shareholders, and the Secretary or, if the Secretary is
absent, a person appointed by the Chairman or the President, as presiding
officer, shall act as secretary of the meeting. Unless the Board of Directors
shall have taken action with respect thereto, the presiding officer shall
determine the order of business and shall have authority to establish rules for
the conduct of the meeting. Any action by the Board, or the presiding officer,
in adopting rules for, and in conducting, a meeting shall be fair to the
shareholders.

                                       1

<PAGE>



         Section 1.06. Quorum. The presence, in person or by proxy, of
shareholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes that all shareholders are
entitled to cast on a particular matter shall constitute a quorum for the
purpose of considering such matter. If a proxy casts a vote on behalf of a
shareholder on any issue other than a procedural motion considered at a meeting
of shareholders, the shareholder shall be deemed to be present during the entire
meeting for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present for
consideration of any other issue.

         Section 1.07. Action by Shareholders. Unless otherwise provided herein,
in the Articles of Incorporation or by law, any action to be taken by vote of
the shareholders shall be authorized upon receiving the affirmative vote of a
majority of the votes cast by all shareholders entitled to vote thereon and, if
any shareholders are entitled to vote thereon as a class, upon receiving the
affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to
vote as a class.

         Section 1.08. Nominations and Other Business. Nominations for the
election of Directors and other proposals for action at an annual meeting of
shareholders may be made only (a) pursuant to the Corporation's notice of such
meeting, (b) by the presiding officer at the meeting, (c) by or at the direction
of a majority of the Board of Directors, or (d) by one or more shareholders in
accordance with applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
the provisions of this Section 1.08. A proposal for action at an annual meeting
must be a proper matter for shareholder action.

         A nomination for the election of a Director or a proposal for action at
an annual meeting may be made by a shareholder only if a written notice of such
nomination or proposal has been received by the Secretary at its principal
office on a timely basis. To be timely, such notice must be received not later
than:

                  (a) 90 days prior to such annual meeting; or

                  (b) If the annual meeting is to be held on a date other than
         the fourth Monday in April, the close of business on the tenth day
         following the first public disclosure of the date of such meeting. The
         first public disclosure of the date of any annual meeting of
         shareholders shall be when public disclosure of such meeting date is
         first made in a filing by the Corporation with the Securities and
         Exchange Commission, in any notice given to The Nasdaq Stock Market or
         in a news release reported by any national news service.


                                       2

<PAGE>


         Each such notice from a shareholder shall set forth:

                  (a) As to the shareholder giving the notice and the beneficial
         owner, if any, on whose behalf the notice is given (1) the name and
         address of such shareholder and of such beneficial owner; and (2) the
         class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned of record
         and beneficially by such shareholder and such beneficial owner; and

                  (b) A representation that the shareholder is a beneficial
         owner of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and
         intends to be present at the meeting in person or by proxy to make such
         nomination or proposal.

         Each notice of nomination for the election of a Director from a
shareholder also shall set forth:

                  (a) The name and address of the person to be nominated;

                  (b) A description of all arrangements or understandings
         between the shareholder and the nominee and any other person or persons
         (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination is to
         be made by the shareholder;

                  (c) Such other information regarding the nominee as would be
         required to be included in proxy materials filed under applicable rules
         of the Securities and Exchange Commission had the nominee been
         nominated by the Board of Directors; and

                  (d) The written consent of the nominee to serve as a Director
         if so elected.

         Each notice of a proposal for action at an annual meeting from a
shareholder also shall set forth:

                  (a) A brief description of the proposal;

                  (b) The reasons for making such proposal; and

                  (c) Any direct or indirect interest of the shareholder, or any
         person on whose behalf the shareholder is acting, in making such
         proposal.

         The presiding officer at the meeting may refuse to permit any
nomination for the election of a Director or proposal to be made at an annual
meeting by a shareholder who has not complied with all of the foregoing
procedures and requirements.

                                       3

<PAGE>



                                   ARTICLE II
                                   ----------

                                    Directors
                                    ---------

         Section 2.01. Number and Term of Office. There shall be such number of
Directors, who shall be divided into such classes, and who shall be elected to
serve for such terms of office, as is provided in the Articles of Incorporation.

         Section 2.02. Vacancies. Vacancies on the Board of Directors, should
they occur for whatever reason, including vacancies resulting from death,
resignation, retirement, disqualification or an increase in the number of
Directors, shall be filled by a majority vote of the remaining Directors though
less than a quorum. Each Director elected by the Board of Directors pursuant to
this Section 2.02 shall hold such office for a term expiring at the annual
meeting of shareholders at which the term of the class to which the Director has
been elected expires and until the Director's successor is elected and
qualified.

         Section 2.03. Resignations. Any Director may resign at any time by
giving written notice to the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or
the Secretary. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time of the receipt
of such notice or at any later time specified therein. Unless otherwise
specified therein, the acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to
make it effective.

         Section 2.04. Reorganization Meeting. As soon as practicable after each
annual election of Directors, the Board of Directors shall meet for the purpose
of organization, election of officers and the transaction of other business, at
a date, time and place designated by the Secretary.

         Section 2.05. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of
Directors shall be held at such dates, times and places as shall be determined
from time to time by the Board or otherwise in accordance with past practice.
Notice of such meetings need not be given.

         Section 2.06. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of
Directors may be called at any time by the Chairman, if any, the President or
one-third or more of the Directors in office. Notice of the date, time, place
and general nature of the business to be transacted at each special meeting
shall be given to each Director by or at the direction of the person or persons
calling such meeting, not later than during the day immediately preceding the
day of such meeting.

         Section 2.07. Organization. Every meeting of the Board of Directors
shall be presided over by the Chairman or, if there is no Chairman or if the
Chairman is absent, the President or, if the President is absent, a chairman
chosen by a majority of the Directors present. The Secretary or, if the
Secretary is absent, a person appointed by the Chairman or the President, shall
act as secretary.

                                       4

<PAGE>

         Section 2.08. Quorum. Except to the extent that a greater number is
required by law, a majority of all the Directors in office shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting.

         Section 2.09. Board Action. The acts of a majority of the Directors
present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the acts of the Board
of Directors.

         Any action that may be taken at a meeting of the Board of Directors may
be taken without a meeting if, prior or subsequent to the action, a consent or
consents thereto by all of the Directors is filed with the Secretary.

         Section 2.10. Compensation. Compensation payable for services as a
Director or member of a committee of the Board of Directors shall be in such
amounts as shall be determined by the Board of Directors on the recommendation
of the Compensation Committee. No person who is an employee of the Corporation
or any subsidiary thereof shall receive any compensation as a Director or a
committee member. Non-employee Directors may also be reimbursed for expenses
incidental to attendance at Board or committee meetings, as determined by the
Board on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee.

         Section 2.11. Mandatory Retirement of Directors. No person who has
attained the age of seventy-two (72) years shall be qualified for nomination or
for election to the Board of Directors. Accordingly, a Director, upon attaining
such age, shall retire from the Board of Directors on the date of the annual
meeting of shareholders that next follows his or her seventy-second birthday.

         A Director, upon retirement from his or her principal occupation, shall
give the Board of Directors prompt notice of such retirement and shall offer to
retire from the Board on such date as the Board shall determine. If such offer
is accepted, any failure of the Director to retire as determined by the Board
shall constitute proper cause for the Board to declare vacant the office of the
Director.

         Section 2.12. Director Emeritus. A Director who retires from the Board
of Directors pursuant to Section 2.11 of these Bylaws shall be eligible to serve
as a Director Emeritus. Such an Emeritus Director may be named by the Board at
any time, but may not serve more than a total of three consecutive years. A
Director Emeritus shall have the privilege of attending all meetings of the
Board and shall have the opportunity of sharing his or her experience with the
Board, but shall have none of the responsibilities of a member of the Board, and
shall have no vote on matters put before the Board. A Director Emeritus shall
receive such compensation and reimbursement of expenses as shall be determined
by the Board of Directors on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee.

         The terms "Director," "Board," or "Board of Directors" where used in
these Bylaws shall not be deemed to apply to or to include a Director Emeritus.

                                       5

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE III
                                   -----------

                                   Committees
                                   ----------

         Section 3.01. Executive Committee. There shall be an Executive
Committee consisting of such Directors as shall from time to time be appointed
by the Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the Nominating/Corporate
Governance Committee. The Executive Committee shall meet on the call of the
Chairman of the Executive Committee, the Chairman or the President. So far as
may be permitted by law and except for matters specifically reserved to the
Board of Directors in these Bylaws, the Executive Committee shall possess and
may exercise all the powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the
business and affairs of the Corporation conferred by these Bylaws or otherwise,
during intervals between meetings of the Board of Directors. The Executive
Committee shall have such other duties and responsibilities as shall be set
forth in a charter approved annually by the Board of Directors.

         Section 3.02. Audit Committee. There shall be an Audit Committee
consisting entirely of such outside independent Directors as shall from time to
time be appointed by the Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee. The Audit Committee shall be
responsible for appointing, evaluating and replacing the independent
accountants; determining the appropriateness of their fees and approving any
audit and permitted non-audit services performed by them; reviewing the scope
and results of the audit plans of the independent accountants and internal
auditors; overseeing the scope and adequacy of internal accounting control and
record-keeping systems; reviewing the objectivity, effectiveness and resources
of the internal audit function; and conferring independently with the
independent accountants. The Audit Committee shall have such other duties and
responsibilities as shall be set forth in a charter approved annually by the
Board of Directors.

         Section 3.03. Compensation Committee. There shall be a Compensation
Committee consisting entirely of such outside independent Directors as shall
from time to time be appointed by the Board of Directors, on the recommendation
of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee. The Compensation Committee
shall be responsible for recommending to the Board of Directors (for action in
Executive Session) the Chief Executive Officer's and President's compensation,
and determining compensation for other executive officers; establishing
compensation policies for the Corporation's directors, officers and employees
generally; and administering the Corporation's stock-based compensation plans.
The Compensation Committee shall have such other duties and responsibilities as
shall be set forth in a charter approved annually by the Board of Directors.

                                       6

<PAGE>


         Section 3.04. Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee. There shall be
a Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee consisting entirely of such outside
independent Directors as shall from time to time be appointed by the Board of
Directors, on the recommendation of the Nominating/Corporate Governance
Committee. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee shall be responsible
for screening and recommending to the Board of Directors persons to be
candidates for election or appointment as Directors; evaluating the performance
of the Board, including the training and orientation of directors; ensuring an
appropriate structure for management succession and development; recommending to
the Board of Directors committee assignments for Directors, including
Chairmanships; and reviewing corporate policies such as Code of Conduct, stock
ownership guidelines, insider trading and director attendance. The
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee shall have such other duties and
responsibilities as shall be set forth in a charter approved annually by the
Board of Directors.

         Section 3.05. Other Committees. The Board of Directors may, at any time
and from time to time, appoint such other standing or special committees with
such duties and responsibilities as the Board of Directors shall determine.

         Section 3.06. Committee Procedures. Except as otherwise expressly
provided herein, and unless the Board of Directors has acted with respect
thereto, each Committee shall adopt its own rules of procedure, and determine
the dates, times and places of its meetings. Except for regularly scheduled
Committee meetings approved by the Committee, notice of the date, time and place
of each Committee meeting shall be given to each Committee member by the
Committee chairman or his or her delegate, not later than during the day
immediately preceding the day of such meeting.

         Section 3.07. Quorum. A majority of all the members of any Committee
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the
Committee.

         Section 3.08. Committee Action. The acts of a majority of the Committee
members present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the acts of
the Committee.

         Any action that may be taken at a meeting of a Committee may be taken
without a meeting if, prior or subsequent to the action, a consent or consents
thereto by all of the Committee members is filed with the Secretary.

         Section 3.09. Minutes; Reports to Board. Each Committee shall keep
minutes of its meetings and report its actions to the Board of Directors at the
next following meeting of the Board.

         Section 3.10. Definition of Outside Independent Director. The term
"outside independent director" means a Director who is not an employee of the
Corporation or any subsidiary and who satisfies all the "independence" tests of
applicable law, rules or regulations, including those of The Nasdaq Stock
Market, Inc.

                                       7

<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE IV
                                   ----------

                                    Officers
                                    --------

         Section 4.01. Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall be a
President, a Secretary and a Treasurer, and may include a Chairman, one or more
Vice Presidents, and such other officers as the Board of Directors may from time
to time determine.

         Section 4.02.  Qualifications.  The officers shall be natural persons
of full age.


         Section 4.03. Election and Term of Office. The Chairman and
Presidentshall be elected by the Board of Directors. Other officers may be
elected by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized Board Committee. Each
officer shall serve at the pleasure of, and be subject to removal only by, the
Board of Directors.


         Section 4.04. Resignations. Any officer may resign at any time by
giving written notice to the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or
the Secretary. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time of the receipt
of such notice or at any later time specified therein. Unless otherwise
specified therein, the acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to
make it effective.

         Section 4.05. Chairman. The Board of Directors may elect one of its
members to be Chairman. The Chairman shall preside at all meetings of the Board
of Directors. The Chairman shall also have such other powers and duties as may
be conferred upon or assigned to the Chairman by the Board of Directors, as well
as any other powers specifically conferred upon the Chairman by these Bylaws.

         Section 4.06. President. The President shall, if there is no Chairman
or in the absence of the Chairman, preside at any meeting of the Board of
Directors. The President shall have and may exercise any and all other powers
and duties pertaining by law, regulation or practice to the office of President,
or imposed by these Bylaws. The President shall have such other powers and
duties as may be conferred upon or assigned to the President by the Board of
Directors.

         Section 4.07. Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors shall
designate the Chairman or the President as the Chief Executive Officer. The
Chief Executive Officer shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation
and shall have general executive powers concerning all the business and
operations of the Corporation, subject, however, to the control of the Board of
Directors. The Chief Executive Officer shall have such other powers and duties
as may be conferred upon, or assigned to, the Chief Executive Officer by the
Board of Directors. The Chief Executive Officer may delegate to any other
officer such executive and other powers and duties as the Chief Executive
Officer deems advisable.

                                       8

<PAGE>



         Section 4.08. Vice Presidents. There may be one or more Group Executive
Vice Presidents, Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents and Vice
Presidents. Each such person shall have such powers and duties as may be
conferred upon or assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors or the Chief
Executive Officer.


         Section 4.09. Secretary. The Secretary shall attend to the giving of
all notices required by law or these Bylaws to be given. The Secretary shall
keep minutes of all meetings of the Board of Directors and of the shareholders.
The Secretary shall be custodian of the corporate seal and all other general
corporate records of the Corporation. The Secretary shall have all other powers
and duties pertaining by law, regulation or practice to the office of Secretary,
or imposed by these Bylaws, or as may from time to time be conferred upon, or
assigned to, the Secretary by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive
Officer.

         Section 4.10. Treasurer. The Treasurer shall be responsible for the
funding of the Corporation and for all moneys, funds, securities, fidelity and
indemnity bonds and other valuables belonging to the Corporation. The Treasurer
shall have all other powers and duties pertaining by law, regulation or practice
to the office of Treasurer, or imposed by these Bylaws, or as may from time to
time be conferred upon, or assigned to, the Treasurer by the Board of Directors
or the Chief Executive Officer.


         Section 4.11. Other Officers. Any other officers shall perform such
duties as from time to time may be conferred upon or assigned to them
respectively by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer.

         Section 4.12. Compensation. The compensation of executive officers of
the Corporation shall be determined as provided in Section 3.03 of these Bylaws.
Unless the Board shall otherwise direct, the Chief Executive Officer or his or
her delegate shall fix the compensation of all other officers and employees of
the Corporation or any subsidiary who are not executive officers of the
Corporation, and in conjunction therewith, the Chief Executive Officer is
authorized to execute contracts on behalf of the Corporation or any subsidiary
with such persons.


                                    ARTICLE V
                                    ---------

               Limitation of Directors' Liability; Indemnification
               ---------------------------------------------------

         Section 5.01. General Rule; Exception. To the fullest extent permitted
by Pennsylvania law, a Director shall not be personally liable to the
Corporation, its shareholders or others for monetary damages for any action
taken or any failure to take any action unless (a) the Director has breached or
failed to perform the duties of his or her office, as set forth in the
Directors' Liability Act, and (b) such breach or failure constitutes
self-dealing, willful misconduct or recklessness.

         The provisions of this Article Fifth shall not apply with respect to
the responsibility

                                       9

<PAGE>


or liability of a Director under any criminal statute or the liability of a
Director for the payment of taxes pursuant to local, state or federal law.

         Section 5.02. Indemnification; Advancement of Expenses; Insurance. The
Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to
be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason
of the fact that such person is or was a Director, officer, employee or agent of
the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a
Director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise. Such indemnification shall cover expenses
(including attorneys' fees), amounts paid in settlement, judgments and fines
actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action,
suit or proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no indemnification shall be
made in any case where the act or failure to act giving rise to the claim for
indemnification is determined by a court to have constituted willful misconduct
or recklessness.

         Expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in defending a civil or
criminal action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance
of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt of an
undertaking by or on behalf of the Director, officer, employee or agent to repay
such amount if it shall be ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled
to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article Fifth.

         The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by this
Article Fifth shall (a) not be deemed exclusive of any other right to which
persons seeking indemnification and advancement of expenses may be entitled
under any agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested Directors, or
otherwise, both as to actions in such persons' official capacity and as to their
actions in another capacity while holding office, and (b) continue as to a
person who has ceased to be a Director, officer, employee or agent and shall
inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such person.

         The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any
person, enter into contracts of indemnification with any person, create a fund
of any nature (which may, but need not be, under the control of a trustee) for
the benefit of any person, and otherwise secure in any manner its obligations
with respect to indemnification and advancement of expenses, whether arising
under this Article Fifth or otherwise, to or for the benefit of any person,
whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person
against such liability under the provisions of this Article Fifth.




         Section 5.03. Effective Date. The limitation of liability provided in
Section 5.01

                                       10

<PAGE>

of this Article Fifth and the right to indemnification provided in Section 5.02
of this Article Fifth shall apply to any action or any failure to take any
action occurring on or after January 27, 1987.

         Section 5.04. Amendment or Repeal. Notwithstanding anything herein
contained to the contrary, this Article Fifth may not be amended or repealed and
a provision inconsistent herewith may not be adopted, except by (a) the
affirmative vote of 80% of the members of the entire Board of Directors or (b)
the affirmative vote of shareholders of the Corporation entitled to cast at
least 80% of the votes which all shareholders are then entitled to cast.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Business Corporation Law or the
Directors' Liability Act is amended or any other statute is enacted so as to
decrease the exposure of Directors to liability or to increase the
indemnification rights available to Directors, officers or others, then this
Article Fifth and any other provision of these Bylaws inconsistent with such
decreased exposure or increased indemnification rights shall be amended,
automatically and without further action on the part of shareholders or
Directors, to reflect such decreased exposure or to include such increased
indemnification rights, unless such legislation expressly requires otherwise.

         Any repeal or modification of this Article Fifth by the shareholders of
the Corporation shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any
limitation on the personal liability of a Director or any right to
indemnification from the Corporation with respect to any action or any failure
to take any action occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification.

         Section 5.05. Severability. If, for any reason, any provision of this
Article Fifth shall be held invalid, such invalidity shall not affect any other
provision not held so invalid, and each such other provision shall, to the full
extent consistent with law, continue in full force and effect. If any provision
of this Article Fifth shall be held invalid in part, such invalidity shall in no
way affect the remainder of such provision, and the remainder of such provision,
together with all other provisions of this Article Fifth shall, to the full
extent consistent with law, continue in full force and effect.

         Section 5.06. Repeal of Prior Provision. Article Fifth (as in effect on
the day prior to April 21, 1987 (the day on which a new Article Fifth was
approved by the shareholders of the Corporation)), and all provisions of these
Bylaws on that date insofar as they were inconsistent with this Article Fifth,
are hereby repealed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to acts or
omissions occurring prior to January 27, 1987, such former Article Fifth and
such other provisions of these Bylaws remain in full force and effect.




                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   ----------


                                       11
<PAGE>

                          Share Certificates; Transfer
                          ----------------------------

         Section 6.01. Share Certificates. Except as otherwise provided in
Section 6.05, the shares of the Corporation shall be represented by a
certificate. Share certificates shall be signed by the manual, facsimile,
printed or engraved signatures of the Chairman or the President, and the
Secretary or the Treasurer, but one of such signatures shall be a manual
signature unless the certificates are signed by a transfer agent or a registrar,
and shall be sealed with the corporate seal, which may be a facsimile, engraved
or printed seal. In case any officer who has signed, or whose facsimile
signature has been placed upon, any share certificate shall have ceased to be
such officer before the certificate is issued, it may be issued by the
Corporation with the same effect as if the officer had not ceased to be such at
the date of its issue.

         Section 6.02. Transfer of Shares. Transfer of shares of the Corporation
shall be made on the books of the Corporation only upon surrender of the share
certificate, duly endorsed or with duly executed stock powers attached and
otherwise in proper form for transfer, which certificate shall be cancelled at
the time of transfer.

         Section 6.03. Transfer Agent and Registrar; Regulations. The
Corporation may, if and whenever the Board of Directors so determines, designate
one or more transfer agents by which the shares of the Corporation shall be
transferable, and also designate one or more registrars by which the shares
shall be registered; and no certificates for shares of the Corporation in
respect of which a registrar shall have been designated shall be valid unless
countersigned and registered by such registrar. The Board of Directors may also
make such additional rules and regulations as it may deem expedient concerning
the issue, transfer and registration of share certificates.

         Section 6.04. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Share Certificates. Unless
waived in whole or in part by the Board of Directors, any person requesting the
issuance of a new certificate in lieu of an alleged lost, destroyed, mislaid or
wrongfully taken certificate shall (a) give to the Corporation such person's
bond of indemnity with an acceptable surety, and (b) satisfy such other
requirements as may be imposed by the Corporation. Thereupon, a new share
certificate shall be issued to the registered owner or such person's assigns in
lieu of the alleged lost, destroyed, mislaid or wrongfully taken certificate,
provided that the request therefor and issuance thereof have been made before
the Corporation has notice that such shares have been acquired by a bona fide
purchaser.

         Section 6.05. Uncertificated Shares. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, any or all classes and series of shares, or any part thereof, may
be represented by uncertificated shares to the extent determined by the Board of
Directors, except that shares represented by a certificate that is issued and
outstanding shall continue to be represented thereby until the certificate is
surrendered to the Corporation. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or
transfer of uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall send to the registered
owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set
forth or stated on certificates. The rights and obligations of the holders of
shares represented by certificates and the rights and obligations of the holders
of uncertificated shares of the same class and series shall be identical.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the provisions of Section 6.02
shall not apply to uncertificated shares and, in lieu thereof, the Board shall
adopt alternative procedures for registration of transfers.

                                       12


<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE VII
                                   -----------

                                Notice Provisions
                                -----------------

         Section 7.01. Manner of Giving Notice. Any notice required to be given
to any person under the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, these
Bylaws or by law shall be given to the person either personally or by sending a
copy thereof:

                  (a) By first class or express mail, postage prepaid, or
         courier service, charges prepaid, to such person's postal address
         appearing on the books of the Corporation or, in the case of Directors,
         supplied by such Director to the Corporation for the purpose of notice.
         Notice pursuant to this subsection shall be deemed to have been given
         to the person entitled thereto when deposited in the United States mail
         or with a courier service for delivery to that person; or

                  (b) By facsimile transmission, e-mail or other electronic
         communication to such person's facsimile number or address for e-mail
         or other electronic communications supplied by such person to the
         Corporation for the purpose of notice. Notice pursuant to this
         subsection shall be deemed to have been given to the person entitled
         thereto when sent.

         A notice of meeting shall specify the date, time and place, if any, of
the meeting and any other information required by law or these Bylaws.

         Section 7.02. Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required to be
given by the Articles of Incorporation, these Bylaws or by law, a waiver thereof
in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to the notice, whether
before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the
giving of notice. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of,
a meeting need be specified in the waiver of notice of the meeting. Attendance
of a person at any meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting,
except where a person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at
the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the
meeting was not lawfully called or convened.

         Section 7.03. Householding of Notices. Any material delivered to a
shareholder

                                       13

<PAGE>

in a manner consistent with the delivery requirements contained in Regulation
14A or 14C under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 shall be deemed to be
delivered to the shareholder entitled to such delivery.

         Section 7.04. Bulk Mail. Notice of any regular or special meeting of
the shareholders, or any other notice required by law, the Articles of
Incorporation or these Bylaws to be given to all shareholders or to all holders
of a class or series of shares, may be given by any class of mail, postage
prepaid, if the notice is deposited in the United States mail at least 20 days
prior to the day named for the meeting or any corporate or shareholder action
specified in the notice.

         Section 7.05. Shareholders Without Forwarding Addresses. Notice or
other communications need not be sent to any shareholder with whom the
Corporation has been unable to communicate for more than 24 consecutive months
because communications to the shareholder are returned unclaimed or the
shareholder has otherwise failed to provide the Corporation with a current
address. Whenever the shareholder provides the Corporation with a current
address, the Corporation shall commence sending notices and other communications
to the shareholder in the same manner as to other shareholders.


                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                  ------------

                                   Amendments
                                   ----------


         Section 8.01. Amendments. Bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by
the Board of Directors in the manner provided in Section 2.09 or by the
shareholders in the manner provided in Section 1.07.




                                       14

<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit10-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>


            NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC. CAPITAL ACCUMULATION PLAN
                (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 1997)

                                 (Revised 2001)

                                 Amendment No. 6

         National Penn Bancshares, Inc. (the "Company") adopted the National
Penn Bancshares, Inc. Capital Accumulation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective
January 1, 1997) (Revised 2001)(the "Plan") for the benefit of certain of its
Employees (as defined in the Plan) and its subsidiaries' Employees. The Company
subsequently amended the Plan by Amendment Nos. 1-5 thereto.

         The Company hereby further amends the Plan as hereinafter set forth.

         1. Subsection 15(c)(iv) is added to read as follows:

                  "(iv) HomeTowne Heritage. The HomeTowne Heritage Bank 401(k)
Plan is merged with and into this Plan effective December 31, 2003. Transferred
Accounts from that Plan shall be 100% nonforfeitable, subject to valuation
adjustment, without regard to length of Service.

         2. Schedule A to the Plan is amended effective December 12, 2003, to
add "HomeTowne Heritage Bank" under the heading "Entity" and to add across from
it the date "December 12, 2003" under the heading "Date".

         3. Schedule A to the Plan is amended effective November 16, 2001, to
add "PNC Bank, N.A." under the heading "Entity" and to add across from it the
date November 16, 2001, under the heading "Date" solely with respect to
employees at the Kutztown, Pennsylvania, branch of National Penn Bank who were
employees of PNC Bank, N.A. at the Kutztown branch on November 16, 2001 and
became employees of National Penn Bank as a result of the purchase of that
branch on November 16, 2001.


         Executed this 17th day of December, 2003.


Attest:                                 NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.


By: /s/ Earl Houseknecht                By: /s/ Sandra L. Spayd
    --------------------                   -------------------------

     (Corporate Seal)


                                       1

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit10-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
            NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC. CAPITAL ACCUMULATION PLAN
                (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 1997)

                                 (Revised 2001)

                Amendment No.7: Minimum Distribution Requirements

         National Penn Bancshares, Inc (the "Company") adopted the National Penn
Bancshares, Inc. Capital Accumulation Plan (the "Plan "). The Company hereby
amends the Plan as required by the Internal Revenue Service to satisfy the
minimum distribution requirements of the Internal Revenue Code by addition of a
new Section 9A to the Plan to read as hereinafter set forth.

"9A. MINIMUM DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENT
     --------------------------------

         (a) General Rules.

                  (i) Effective Date. The provisions of this section will apply
         for purposes of determining required minimum distributions for calendar
         years beginning with the 2003 calendar year.


                  (ii) Precedence. The provisions of this section will take
         precedence over and supersede any inconsistent provisions of the Plan.
         This section 9A shall be construed in a manner necessary to satisfy the
         minimum distribution rules of the Code. Except for superseding
         inconsistent provisions and addressing any matter related to minimum
         required distributions not otherwise addressed in the Plan, the
         distribution provisions of section 9 of the Plan shall control.
         Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the provisions of this
         section 9A be construed as making available any form of benefit
         distribution not otherwise made available to a Member or beneficiary
         under the Plan. Further, the forms of distribution the Plan permits
         determined without regard to this section 9A shall remain the only
         forms of benefit distribution available under the Plan.

                  (iii) Requirements of Treasury Regulations Incorporated. All
         distributions required under this section will be determined and made
         in accordance with the Treasury regulations under section 401(a)(9) of
         the Code.


         (b) Time and Manner of Distribution.

                  (i) Required Beginning Date. The Member's entire interest will
         be distributed, or begin to be distributed, to the Member no later than
         the Member's required beginning date, as defined in this section




                                       1
<PAGE>


                  (ii) Death of Member Before Distributions Begin. If the Member
         dies before distributions begin, the Member's entire interest will be
         distributed, or begin to be distributed, no later than as follows:

                           (A) If the Member's surviving spouse is the Member's
                  sole designated beneficiary, then distributions to the
                  surviving spouse will begin by December 31 of the calendar
                  year immediately following the calendar year in which the
                  Member died, or by December 31 of the calendar year in which
                  the Member would have attained age 70 1/2, if later.

                           (B)If the Member's surviving spouse is not the
                  Member's sole designated beneficiary, then distributions to
                  the designated beneficiary will begin by December 31 of the
                  calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which
                  the Member died.

                           (C)If there is no designated beneficiary as of
                  September 30 of the year following the year of the Member's
                  death, the Member's entire interest will be distributed by
                  December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth
                  anniversary of the Member's death.

                           (D)If the Member's surviving spouse is the Member's
                  sole designated beneficiary and the surviving spouse dies
                  after the Member but before distributions to the surviving
                  spouse begin, this section 9A (b)(ii), other than section 9A
                  (b)(ii)(A), will apply as if the surviving spouse were the
                  Member.

     For purposes of this section 9A (b)(ii) and section 9A (d) unless section
     9A(b)(ii)(D) applies, distributions are considered to begin on the Member's
     required beginning date. If section 9A(b)(ii)(D) applies, distributions are
     considered to begin on the date distributions are required to begin to the
     surviving spouse under section 9A (b)(ii)(A). If distributions under an
     annuity purchased from an insurance company irrevocably commence to the
     Member before the Member's required beginning date (or to the Member's
     surviving spouse before the date distributions are required to begin to the
     surviving spouse under section 9A(b)(ii)(A)), the date distributions are
     considered to begin is the date distributions actually commence.

              (iii) Forms of Distributions. Unless the Member's interest is
         distributed in the form of an annuity purchased from an insurance
         company or in a single sum on or before the required beginning date, as
         of the first distribution calendar year distributions will be made in
         accordance with sections (c) and (d) of this section 9A. If the
         Member's interest is distributed in the form of an annuity purchased
         from an insurance company, distributions thereunder will be made in
         accordance with the requirement of section 401(a)(9) of the Code and
         Treasury regulations.

     (c) Required Minimum Distributions During Member's Lifetime.



                                       2
<PAGE>


              (i) Amount of Required Minimum Distribution For Each Distribution
     Calendar Year. During the Member's lifetime, the minimum amount that will
     be distributed for each distribution calendar year is the lesser of (A):
     the quotient obtained by diving the Member's account balance by the
     distribution period in the Uniform Lifetime Table set forth in section
     1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury regulations, using the Member's age as of the
     Member's birthday in the distribution calendar year; or (B) if the Member's
     sole designated beneficiary for the distribution calendar year is the
     Member's spouse, the quotient obtained by dividing the Member's account
     balance by the number in the Joint and Last Survivor Table set forth in
     section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury regulations, using the Member's and
     spouse's attained ages as of the Member's and spouse's birthdays in the
     distribution calendar year.

              (ii) Lifetime Required Minimum Distributions Continue Through Year
     of Member's Death. Required minimum distributions will be determined under
     this section (c) beginning with the first distribution calendar year and up
     to and including the distribution calendar year that included the Member's
     date of death.

     (d) Required Minimum Distributions After Member's Death.

              (i) Death On or After Date Distributions Begin.

                  (A) Member Survived by Designated Beneficiary. If the Member
         dies on or after the date distributions begin and there is a designed
         beneficiary, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each
         distribution calendar year after the year of the Member' death is the
         quotient obtained by dividing the Member's account balance by the
         longer of the remaining life expectancy of the Member or the remaining
         life expectancy of the Member's designated beneficiary, determined as
         follows:

                    i.   The Member's remaining life expectancy is calculated
                         using the age of the Member in the year of death,
                         reduced by one for each subsequent year.

                    ii.  If the Member's surviving spouse is the Member's sole
                         designated beneficiary, the remaining life expectancy
                         of the surviving spouse is calculated for each
                         distribution calendar year after the year of the
                         Member's death using the surviving spouse's age as of
                         the spouse's birthday in that year. For distribution
                         calendar years after the year of the surviving spouse's
                         death, the remaining life expectancy of the surviving
                         spouse is calculated using the age of the surviving
                         spouse as of the spouse's birthday in the calendar year
                         of the spouse's death, reduced by one for each
                         subsequent calendar year.



                                       3
<PAGE>


                    iii. If the Member's surviving spouse is not the Member's
                         designated beneficiary, the designated beneficiary's
                         remaining life expectancy is calculated using the age
                         of the beneficiary in the year following the year of
                         the Member's death, reduced by one for each subsequent
                         year.

                  (B) No Designated Beneficiary. If the Member dies on or after
         the date distributions begin and there is no designated beneficiary as
         of September 30 of the year after the year of the Member's death, the
         minimum amount that will be distributed for each distribution calendar
         year after the year of the Member's death is the quotient obtained by
         dividing the Member's account balance by the Member's remaining life
         expectancy calculated using the age of the Member in the year of death,
         reduced by one for each subsequent year.

         (ii) Death Before Date Distributions Begin.

                  (A) Member Survived by Designated Beneficiary. If the Member
         dies before the date distributions begin and there is a designated
         beneficiary, the minimum amount that will be distributed for each
         distribution calendar year after the year of the Member's death is the
         quotient obtained by dividing the Member's account balance by the
         remaining life expectancy of the Member's designated beneficiary,
         determined as provided in section 9A(d)(i).

                  (B) No Designated Beneficiary. If the Member dies before the
         date distributions begin and there is no designated beneficiary as of
         September 30 of the year following the year of the Member's death,
         distribution of the Member's entire interest will be completed by
         December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of
         the Member's death.

                  (C) Death of Surviving Spouse Before Distributions to
         Surviving Spouse Are Required to Begin. If the Member dies before the
         date distributions begin, the Member's surviving spouse is the Member's
         sole designated beneficiary, and the surviving spouse dies before
         distributions are required to begin to the surviving spouse under
         section 9A(b)(ii), this section 9A(d)(ii) will apply as if the
         surviving spouse were the Member.

     (e) Definitions. Notwithstanding the general definition provisions of the
Plan, the following terms, when used in the section 9A, shall have the meaning
set forth below.

              (i) Designated beneficiary. The individual who is designated as
     the beneficiary under the general provisions of the Plan and is the
     designated beneficiary under section 401(a)(9) of the Internal Revenue Code
     and section 1.401(a)(9)-1, Q&A-4, of the Treasury regulations.

              (ii) Distribution calendar year. A calendar year for which a
     minimum distribution is required. For distributions beginning before the
     Member's death, the




                                       4
<PAGE>


     first distribution calendar year is the calendar year immediately preceding
     the calendar year which contains the Member's required beginning date. For
     distributions beginning after the Member's death, the first distribution
     calendar year is the calendar year in which distributions are required to
     begin under section 9A(b). The required minimum distribution for the
     Member's first distribution calendar year will be made on or before the
     Member's required beginning date. The required minimum distribution for
     other distribution calendar years, including the required minimum
     distribution for the distribution calendar year in which the Member's
     required beginning date occurs, will be made on or before December 31 of
     that distribution calendar year.

                  (iii). Life expectancy. Life expectancy as computed by use of
         the Single Life Table in section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury
         regulations.

                  (iv) Member's account balance. The account balance as of the
         last Valuation Date in the calendar year immediately preceding the
         distribution calendar year (valuation calendar year) increased by the
         amount of any contributions made and allocated or forfeitures allocated
         to the account balance as of dates in the valuation calendar year after
         the valuation date and decreased by distributions made in the valuation
         calendar year after the valuation date. The account balance for the
         valuation calendar year includes any amounts rolled over or transferred
         to the Plan either in the valuation calendar year or in the
         distribution calendar year if distributed or transferred in the
         valuation calendar year.

                  (v) Required beginning date. The latest date specified in
         section 9(a) of the Plan on which the payment of benefits must
         commence."

         (f) Merged Plans. This Amendment No. 7 shall be deemed to be a part of
each plan merged with and into the Plan effective on or after January 1, 2003
..
                  EXECUTED this 17th day of December 2003.

                                        NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.

                                        By: /s/ Sandra L. Spayd
                                            -------------------




                                       5
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exhibit10-3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>


            NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC. CAPITAL ACCUMULATION PLAN
                (Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 1997)

                                 (Revised 2001)

                                 Amendment No. 8

         National Penn Bancshares, Inc. (the "Company") adopted the National
Penn Bancshares, Inc. Capital Accumulation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective
January 1, 1997) (Revised 2001)(the "Plan") for the benefit of certain of its
Employees (as defined in the Plan) and its subsidiaries' Employees. The Company
subsequently amended the Plan by Amendment Nos. 1-7 thereto.

         The Company hereby further amends the Plan as hereinafter set forth.

         1. Subsection 15(c)( v) is added to read as follows:

                  "(v) Peoples Bank of Oxford. The Peoples Bank of Oxford 401(k)
Retirement Plan is merged with and into this Plan effective on December 13,
2004, or as soon thereafter as is administratively feasible. Transferred
Accounts from that Plan shall be 100% nonforfeitable, subject to valuation
adjustment, without regard to length of Service."

         2. Schedule A to the Plan is amended effective June 10, 2004, to add
"The Peoples Bank of Oxford" under the heading "Entity" and to add across from
it the date "June 10, 2004" under the heading "Date".




         Executed this 22nd day of December, 2004.


Attest:                                 NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.


By: /s/ H. Anderson Ellsworth                    By: /s/ Sandra L. Spayd
    -------------------------                    -----------------------

  (Corporate Seal)




                                       1

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-14
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exhibit14-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 14.1
<TEXT>



                                                                 Revised 12/6/04


                 [NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC. LOGO OMITTED]

                         NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.

                                 CODE OF CONDUCT


                               December 22, 2004

<PAGE>

                         NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.

                                 CODE OF CONDUCT



                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                -----------------
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

Purpose......................................................................3

Scope, Definitions...........................................................3

Conflicts of Interest........................................................4

Confidential Information.....................................................5

Personal Investments.........................................................6

Gifts, Entertainment and Favors..............................................7

Solicitation and Acceptance of Gratuity......................................7

Bequests, Legacies, Appointments.............................................9

Financial Responsibility.....................................................9

Self-Dealing.................................................................10

Outside Business Activities..................................................10

Community Activities.........................................................11

Political Activities.........................................................11

Purchase, Lease or Sale of Assets or Services................................11

Investment and Credit Exceptions.............................................12

Equal Treatment..............................................................12

Public Disclosure............................................................12

Accounting Practices.........................................................12

Approval and Reporting Process...............................................13

Reporting Possible Violations................................................14

Acknowledgement..............................................................17

                                       2

<PAGE>

                         NATIONAL PENN BANCSHARES, INC.
                         ------------------------------

                                 CODE OF CONDUCT
                                 ---------------

         The Board of Directors (the "Board") of National Penn Bancshares, Inc.
("NPBC") has adopted and sets forth herein this Code of Conduct.

Purpose
- -------

         Traditionally, NPBC has held itself to the highest standards of ethical
and moral conduct in which conflicts of interest, and the appearance of such
conflicts, are avoided, and business is conducted in an ethical and moral
manner.


         This Code of Conduct is designed to guide the day-to-day actions of
directors, officers, employees, consultants, persons providing temporary help,
agents and attorneys, and other persons associated with NPBC or any of its
subsidiaries or affiliated companies, in promoting:


         *        Honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of
                  actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and
                  professional relationships;

         *        Full, fair, accurate, complete, timely, and understandable
                  disclosure in reports and documents that NPBC files with, or
                  submits to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and
                  in other public communications made by NPBC;

         *        Compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations;

         *        The prompt internal reporting to an appropriate person or
                  persons of violations of this Code of Conduct; and

         *        Accountability for adherence to this Code of Conduct.

         This Code of Conduct constitutes the Code of Conduct of NPBC required
by the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. ("Nasdaq") and the
Code of Ethics of NPBC required by Section 406(c) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 and the regulations issued by the SEC under that Act.

Scope, Definitions
- ------------------

         This Code of Conduct applies to each of the following persons:

         *        Each director of NPBC or of any of NPBC's subsidiaries or
                  affiliated companies, including directors emeritus, advisory
                  directors, and advisory board members. All such persons are
                  referred to herein as "directors".

         *        Each executive officer of NPBC, including persons who may be
                  executive officers of NPBC's subsidiaries or affiliated
                  companies. All NPBC executive officers are designated
                  periodically by the Board and are listed annually in NPBC's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. All such
                  persons are sometimes referred to herein as "executive
                  officers".

         *        Each officer or employee of NPBC or of any of NPBC's
                  subsidiaries or affiliated companies, including executive
                  officers and other persons working full-time who are

                                       3

<PAGE>

                  compensated as independent contractors. All such persons are
                  sometimes referred to herein as "employees".


         *        Each consultant, person providing temporary help, agent or
                  attorney engaged by NPBC or by any of NPBC's subsidiaries or
                  affiliated companies when such person performs services for
                  NPBC or any of its subsidiaries or affiliated companies.


         All of the foregoing persons are referred to herein as "covered
persons".

         This Code also applies, except as set forth herein under "Investment
and Credit Exceptions", to the spouse and each other immediate family member of
any covered person.

         *        Other immediate family members are any child, stepchild,
                  grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, sibling,
                  mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law,
                  brother-in-law and sister-in-law, including adoptive
                  relationships.

         Lastly, this Code applies, except as set forth herein under "Investment
and Credit Exceptions", to each corporation, partnership, trust or estate (1) in
which any covered person has, directly or indirectly, a majority or controlling
interest, or (2) over which any covered person has, directly or indirectly,
majority control.

         These additional persons and entities are covered to make it clear that
a covered person cannot do indirectly what he or she cannot do directly. They
are also to be considered "covered persons" under this Code of Conduct.

         NPBC and each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries and affiliated
companies (companies in which NPBC has, directly or indirectly, a majority or
controlling interest) are sometimes referred to herein as "NPBC Entities".

General Requirements
- --------------------

         Each covered person shall act with honesty and integrity, in good
faith, responsibly, and with due care, competence and diligence, without
misrepresenting or omitting material facts or allowing independent judgment to
be compromised or subordinated.

         Each covered person shall also pro-actively promote ethical behavior
among subordinates and peers in his or her work environment and community, and
shall advance National Penn's legitimate interests when the opportunity arises.

Conflicts of Interest
- ---------------------

         No covered person shall pursue any personal interests which might
conflict with, or appear to conflict with, the interests of any NPBC Entity or
which might influence, or appear to influence, his or her judgment in any matter
involving any NPBC Entity.

         This Code of Conduct describes the application of the foregoing general
rule in a variety of circumstances. Of necessity, there are other factual
situations, not specifically addressed in this Code of Conduct, that may present
conflicts problems. This Code of Conduct should not be viewed as containing an
exhaustive list of possible problems.

         There may be an instance where a covered person finds himself or
herself in a situation described in this Code of Conduct which he or she
believes is outside of the intent of this Code

                                       4

<PAGE>

of Conduct. In such instances, the covered person should consider applying for a
waiver of the applicable policy. See "Approval and Reporting Process" below.

         Nevertheless, if any covered person shall find himself or herself in an
actual or potential conflict of interest, including one arising inadvertently
due to a business or personal relationship with a customer, supplier, business
associate or other party with a present or prospective business relationship
with an NPBC Entity, or with a competitor of any NPBC Entity, he or she must
report that fact, disclosing all relevant facts and circumstances. See "Approval
and Reporting Process" below.

Confidential Information
- ------------------------

         No covered person shall use or disclose any confidential information
obtained from any NPBC Entity except for the proper conduct of the business of
that or another NPBC Entity.


         No covered person shall release any financial information about any
NPBC Entity to any person, unless prior thereto such information has been
disclosed by NPBC in a report filed with the SEC or otherwise publicly disclosed
by NPBC. All covered persons shall comply with NPBC's Corporate Communications
Policy, which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference.


         No covered person shall communicate any confidential information about
any customer of an NPBC Entity or about any other party to or throughout any
NPBC Entity or otherwise, except upon a "need to know" basis. No such disclosure
shall be made except in compliance with:

         *        NPBC's Policy Statement Regarding Misuse of Material
                  Non-Public Information which is attached hereto and
                  incorporated herein by reference. This policy statement
                  provides for what is commonly known as a "Chinese Wall"
                  between trust personnel and commercial lending officers.

         *        NPBC's Privacy Policy which has been distributed separately
                  from this Code of Conduct and which is incorporated herein by
                  reference.

         Your attention is specifically called to the fact that confidential
information may, in some cases, constitute "inside information" (material
information not yet announced or otherwise disclosed publicly). The use or
communication of such information could subject the covered person and NPBC to
liability under the federal securities laws. All covered persons shall comply
with NPBC's Statement of Company Policy on Insider Trading, which has been
distributed separately from this Code of Conduct and which is incorporated by
reference herein.

         These restrictions on the communication of any confidential information
by covered persons include communication of such information to immediate family
members, except as may be required for the proper conduct of any NPBC Entity's
business.

         The restrictions on use, disclosure or communication of confidential
information in this Code of Conduct shall continue to apply to a covered person
indefinitely after such person is no longer associated in any manner with any
NPBC Entity.

         Any questions about the use, disclosure or communication of
confidential information about any NPBC Entity, any customer or any other party,
should be addressed to NPBC's Chairman or President.

                                       5

<PAGE>

Personal Investments
- --------------------

         Covered persons, like any other individuals, may invest in NPBC's stock
and in other types of investments. However, no covered person is to engage in
any such transaction or to enable or encourage others to do so as a result of
"inside information" obtained from any source. Any investment in NPBC's stock is
to be considered a long-term investment. Speculation or active trading in NPBC's
stock is prohibited.

         The following additional guidelines also govern personal investments of
covered persons:

         *        No covered person shall request investment advice from any
                  officer of any NPBC Entity, except in the ordinary course of
                  business or in the capacity of a customer maintaining an
                  account relationship with an NPBC Entity. The purchase or sale
                  of any specific investment in concert with the purchase or
                  sale by investment personnel of any NPBC Entity of that same
                  investment is prohibited.

         *        No covered person shall represent any NPBC Entity in any
                  transaction with any person or entity in which the covered
                  person has any material direct or indirect interest.

         *        Except as set forth herein under "Investment and Credit
                  Exceptions", no covered person shall invest in the stock or
                  other ownership of a known customer, borrower, supplier or
                  joint venture of any NPBC Entity, or in any other entity with
                  a known present or prospective business relationship with any
                  NPBC Entity.

         *        No covered person, including any covered person who is in a
                  position to influence the selection of brokers, shall accept
                  any favors from members of the brokerage community which would
                  in any way result in the covered person of any NPBC Entity
                  being obligated in any way to the other party.


         *        In making personal investments, all covered persons shall be
                  guided by a keen awareness of potential conflict. No covered
                  person's investments shall be such as to influence his or her
                  judgment or action in the conduct of any NPBC Entity's
                  business. Nor shall any investments be such as to profit from
                  any securities transactions made for customers of any NPBC
                  Entity. All covered persons should be cautious about investing
                  in any of NPBC's competitors, as such investments may create
                  the appearance of a conflict of interest. If a person is in
                  possession of any "inside information" about another company,
                  whether by virtue of his or her position with NPBC or
                  otherwise, he or she must refrain from engaging in any
                  transactions in that company's stock.


         *        Buying stock on "margin" means borrowing money from a
                  securities brokerage firm to finance part of the cost. All
                  covered persons should be cautious in the use of "margin", as
                  in the use of any other debt facility.

                                       6


<PAGE>



         *        An "option" is a right to buy (a "call") or sell (a "put") a
                  specified amount of a given stock or other security, at a
                  specified price, within a specified time period. All covered
                  persons should be cautious in engaging in any "option"
                  transactions, as such transactions are generally considered to
                  involve high levels of risk. No covered person shall engage in
                  any buying or selling of puts or calls on NPBC stock.

Gifts, Entertainment and Favors
- -------------------------------

         The federal Criminal Code prohibits an officer, director, employee,
agent or attorney of a bank or bank holding company from corruptly soliciting or
demanding for the benefit of any person, or corruptly accepting or agreeing to
accept:

         "anything of value from any person, intending to be influenced or
         rewarded in connection with any business or transaction of such
         institution."

         In addition to fines of up to $1 million, the statute provides for
possible imprisonment for up to one year for acceptance of something with a
value of $100 or less and up to five years for acceptance of something with a
value of more than $100. The statute contains no explicit exception in terms of
"nominal" value or like expression.

         Specific Prohibitions and Exceptions
         ------------------------------------

         Even though the federal Criminal Code requires a specific intent to be
influenced or rewarded before a violation can occur, because of the unqualified
prohibitions stated in the statute and the severe penalties for violations,
prudence should usually require refusal of a gratuity (any gift, favor,
entertainment, loan or other thing or service having value), whatever its value.

         As a practical aid in light of traditional business amenities, the
following paragraphs provide general guidelines as to specific prohibitions and
also possible exceptions:

                  Solicitation and Acceptance

                  *        No covered person shall solicit any gratuity,
                           whatever the form or value (including cash or cash
                           equivalents, bonds or debt or equity interests),
                           either for himself or herself or for any other person
                           or organization, from any person or organization for
                           or in connection with any transaction or business of
                           any NPBC Entity.

                  *        No covered person shall accept or agree to accept any
                           gratuity, either before or after a transaction is
                           discussed or consummated and whatever the form or
                           value, either for himself or herself or for any other
                           person or organization, if the gratuity would or is
                           intended to (or under the circumstances it could
                           reasonably be inferred that the gratuity would or is
                           intended to) influence such individual in the conduct
                           of the business of any NPBC Entity.

                  Exceptions
                  ----------

                  If neither general prohibition stated above is applicable, a
                  covered person is not prohibited from accepting:

                                       7

<PAGE>


                  *        Gifts, gratuities, amenities or favors based on
                           obvious family or personal relationships, such as
                           those between parents, children or spouses, where the
                           circumstances make it clear that it is the
                           relationship rather than the business of any NPBC
                           Entity which is the motivating factor.

                  *        Meals, refreshments, travel arrangements or
                           accommodations, or entertainment, all of reasonable
                           value and in the course of a meeting or other
                           occasion the purpose of which is to hold bona fide
                           business discussions, provided that the expenses
                           would be paid by an NPBC Entity as a reasonable
                           business expense if not paid by another party.
                           Expenses not exceeding $100 would normally be
                           permissible under this exception.

                  *        Loans from other banks or financial institutions on
                           customary terms to finance proper and usual
                           activities, such as home mortgage loans, except
                           wherever prohibited by law. The person accepting the
                           loan must ensure that the loan is not contingent upon
                           any NPBC Entity accepting or offering any other
                           service. Such person must also ensure that any loan
                           from a correspondent bank is made on an arm's-length
                           basis and does not include any preferential terms.

                  *        Advertising or promotional material of reasonable
                           value, such as pens, pencils, note pads, key chains,
                           calendars, and similar items.

                  *        Discounts or rebates on merchandise or services that
                           do not exceed those available to other customers.

                  *        Gifts of reasonable value that are related to
                           commonly recognized events or occasions, such as
                           promotion, new job, wedding, retirement, Christmas or
                           bar or bat mitzvah. Gifts of a value not exceeding
                           $50 would normally be permissible under this
                           exception.

                  *        Civic, charitable, educational or religious
                           organizational awards for recognition of service and
                           accomplishment. Awards not exceeding $100 would
                           normally be permissible under this exception.

                  *        Other items of value not listed above, if prior
                           approval is obtained as set forth herein under
                           "Approval and Reporting Process".

                  Reporting
                  ---------

                  If anything of value is offered or received by a covered
                  person other than as permitted in "Exceptions" above, the
                  covered person shall immediately report that fact to NPBC.

         Applicability Between Financial Institutions
         --------------------------------------------

         The federal Criminal Code prohibitions described above apply to a
gratuity given by one financial institution to a representative of another
unrelated financial institution, including a bank holding company as donor or
recipient. All covered persons must keep this in mind in their relationships
with representatives of other financial institutions. Any gratuity given in
violation of the statute is a criminal offense by the donor as well as the
recipient.

                                       8

<PAGE>


Bequests, Legacies, Appointments
- --------------------------------

         No covered person shall receive, directly or indirectly, any bequest or
legacy from a customer of any NPBC Entity, or serve as executor, trustee or
guardian of any estate, trust or guardianship established by a customer of any
NPBC Entity.

         *        This prohibition does not apply if the customer is a relative
                  of the covered person.

         There may be an occasional instance when such a bequest or appointment
is based upon a relationship with the customer other than the usual relationship
with a customer. In such an instance, the covered person should consider
applying for a waiver of this policy. See "Approval and Reporting Process"
below.

         If a covered person has knowledge of a potential gift or appointment,
he or she must promptly take steps to have his or her interest removed. If there
is any difficulty in doing so, the covered person must report this fact. See
"Approval and Reporting Process" below.

Financial Responsibility; Borrowings
- ------------------------------------

         Each covered person shall conduct his or her financial affairs in a
responsible manner so as to be above criticism.

         Employees may discuss emergency situations with NPBC's Human Resources
Department with respect to alternatives available within NPBC's overall employee
benefits program.

         All covered persons shall be cautious in incurring personal debt. This
statement is not intended to restrict or dissuade persons from borrowing money
through arm's-length dealings for legitimate purposes. It merely urges prudence.

         Except as set forth herein under "Investment and Credit Exceptions", no
covered person shall borrow money from any known customer, borrower, supplier or
joint venture, of any NPBC Entity, or from any other entity with a known present
or prospective business relationship with any NPBC Entity.

         *        This prohibition also does not apply to borrowing from an
                  entity engaged in lending in the ordinary course of its
                  business, if the loan is on terms offered to other parties
                  under similar circumstances without special concessions.

         Loans from any NPBC Entity are likewise governed by regulatory rules
and regulations restricting rates, terms, etc., by NPBC's general lending
policies, and subject to NPBC's Insider Loans Policy when applicable. If any
loan from an NPBC Entity to or for the benefit of a covered person shall become
a "non-performing asset" or a "problem loan" (as defined in regulations of the
SEC), the covered person in question shall, upon the request of the Board,
resign from all positions with any NPBC Entity. Alternatively, the Board may
remove such person from all such positions.


                                       9

<PAGE>



         Any loan to a relative of a covered person or to an entity in which a
covered person has a direct or indirect material interest must be approved by an
authorized lending officer other than the covered person in question.

         Except as set forth herein under "Investment and Credit Exceptions":

         *        No covered person shall borrow money from another covered
                  person.

         *        No covered person shall lend personal funds to any known
                  customer, borrower, supplier or joint venture of any NPBC
                  Entity, or to any other entity with a known present or
                  prospective business relationship with any NPBC Entity.

         *        No covered person shall co-sign, endorse or otherwise assume
                  personal liability, contingent or otherwise, for the
                  borrowings of any customer or prospective customer of any NPBC
                  Entity.

Self-Dealing, Business Opportunities
- ------------------------------------

         No covered person shall engage in any "self-dealing" transaction. A
"self-dealing" transaction would be one in which a covered person, acting for
himself or herself and also on behalf of an NPBC Entity, seeks to consummate a
transaction in which self-interest is opposed to duty. No covered person shall
trade on his or her position with any NPBC Entity.

         No covered person shall accept from any person or entity doing business
with, or seeking to do business with, any NPBC Entity a business opportunity not
available to other persons that is being made available because of such covered
person's association with NPBC.

Employees' Outside Business Activities
- --------------------------------------

         Except for an NPBC Entity, no employee shall serve as a director or
officer of a for-profit corporation, or in any similar capacity for another
for-profit entity, without prior approval as set forth herein under "Approval
and Reporting Process".

         NPBC discourages all employees from taking on outside employment which
will encroach upon working time, interfere with regular duties, create any
conflict of interest or the appearance of such, or necessitate such long hours
as to affect working effectiveness. Outside activities that raise these concerns
include the following:

         *        Employment by any entity engaged in, or personally engaging
                  in, any activity that is deemed detrimental by NPBC to any
                  NPBC Entity.

         *        Providing investment advice based upon information, reports or
                  analyses that are available primarily from or through
                  employment with any NPBC Entity.

         *        Performing accounting services for any person or entity,
                  except those services not performed on company time and not
                  detrimental to or in conflict with the best interests of any
                  NPBC Entity.

         *        Drawing wills or engaging in any other activity which could be
                  construed as practicing law without a license.

                                       10

<PAGE>



         *        Use of any NPBC Entity's equipment, supplies or facilities for
                  non job-related activities.

         *        Any undertaking or endeavor that may reflect adversely upon
                  any NPBC Entity, the employee or any other employee.

         *        Statements or circumstances that may imply sponsorship,
                  endorsement or support by any NPBC Entity of any outside
                  employer or for-profit organization.

Community Activities
- --------------------

         NPBC encourages all covered persons to participate in, or hold office
in, charitable, religious, educational or community organizations. If the nature
or extent of any employee's participation in these activities will involve a
significant encroachment on company time, the employee shall, before committing
to such participation, obtain approval as set forth herein under "Approval and
Reporting Process".

Political Activities
- --------------------

         Each NPBC Entity is prohibited by law from engaging in politics or
making contributions (which includes gifts, loans, advances, deposits of money
or anything of value) or expenditures which, directly or indirectly, are in
connection with any election, political convention or caucus held to elect
persons to any political office.

         NPBC encourages all covered persons to take an active role in political
activities and to support, through personal contributions if they so choose, the
political parties and candidates of their choice. Any covered person who holds
or seeks political office should conduct himself or herself in a manner that
will not bring discredit or embarrassment to any NPBC Entity, and should refrain
from taking part in any issue that involves an actual or potential conflict of
interest with any NPBC Entity.

Employees' Teaching, Speaking and Writing Activities
- ----------------------------------------------------

         If any employee wishes to engage in any teaching, speaking or writing
activity to be performed on company time, he or she must obtain prior approval
as set forth herein under "Approval and Reporting Process". If any fee is
offered, its acceptance is also subject to such prior approval process.

Use of Letterhead or Official Stationery
- ----------------------------------------

         No covered person shall use the letterhead or official stationery of
any NPBC Entity for personal or non NPBC-related purposes.

Purchase, Lease or Sale of Assets or Services
- ---------------------------------------------

         If any covered person wishes to purchase, lease or sell any assets or
services from or to any NPBC Entity, other than the purchase of services in the
ordinary course of business, he or she shall, in connection with any such
proposal or bid, disclose all relevant facts and circumstances to the Board,
which shall make the final decision.

         In any purchase, lease or sale of assets or services by or to a covered
person, the price must be commensurate with the type, level, quality and value
of the assets or services sold or

                                       11

<PAGE>

leased. Any such price must relate to, and be based solely on the fair value of,
the assets and services sold or leased. If an NPBC Entity is the purchaser or
lessee, the price may not exceed the amount that would have been paid to an
unrelated party in the same transaction. If an NPBC Entity is the seller, the
price may not be less than the amount that would have been paid by an unrelated
party in the same transaction.

Investment and Credit Exceptions
- --------------------------------

         Various provisions of this Code of Conduct prohibit investing in stock
or other ownership of, borrowing money from, lending money to, or taking similar
actions regarding, other covered persons or persons or entities with present or
prospective business relationships with an NPB Entity.

         These provisions do not apply to a transaction with an immediate family
member of a covered person or with any corporation, partnership, trust or estate
(1) in which such an immediate family member has, directly or indirectly, a
majority or controlling interest, or (2) over which such an immediate family
member has, directly or indirectly, majority control.

         These provisions also do not apply to a transaction with any
corporation or other entity which (1) employs the covered person in his or her
principal occupation, or (2) is a publicly owned entity.

Equal Treatment
- ---------------

         In accordance with fair lending regulations and prudent business
practices, NPBC prohibits illegal discrimination with respect to the business of
any NPBC Entity. Therefore, no covered person shall, in conducting any business
for any NPBC Entity, discriminate against any individual on the basis of race,
color, religion, sex, marital or familial status, age, national origin,
disability, receipt of public assistance or good faith exercise of rights under
the Federal Consumer Credit Protection Act.

Public Disclosures
- ------------------

         It is NPBC's policy that the information in its public communications,
including all reports and other documents filed with the SEC, be full, fair,
accurate, complete, timely and understandable. All covered persons are expected
to perform their responsibilities and to act otherwise in furtherance of this
policy.

         In particular, all individuals who are involved in NPBC's public
disclosure process are required to maintain familiarity with the public
disclosure requirements applicable to NPBC and to share knowledge and maintain
skills important and relevant to NPBC's public disclosure process. All such
persons are prohibited from knowingly misrepresenting, omitting, or causing
others to misrepresent or omit, material facts about NPBC to others, whether
within or without NPBC, including NPBC's independent auditors. In addition, any
person who has a supervisory role in NPBC's public disclosure process has an
obligation to discharge his or her responsibilities diligently.

Accounting Practices
- --------------------


         All covered persons are expected to observe and comply with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States, the system of internal
controls, including internal control over financial reporting, and disclosure
controls and procedures established by NPBC, and provisions of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act requiring that corporate books and records


                                       12

<PAGE>


accurately and fairly reflect in reasonable detail the financial condition and
results of operations of NPBC and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies. In
furtherance of these requirements, all covered persons must practice the
following:

         *        All corporate assets and resources employed by or entrusted to
                  him or her must be used and controlled in a responsible
                  manner.

         *        No false, misleading or artificial entry shall be made on
                  corporate books, records and reports for any reason;

         *        No undisclosed or unreported corporate funds or assets shall
                  be established for any purpose; and

         *        No payments from corporate funds or other assets shall be
                  approved or be made with the intention or understanding that
                  any part of such payment will be used for any purpose other
                  than that described by the documents supporting the payment.
                  All payments must be supported with appropriately approved
                  purchase orders, invoices or receipts, expense reports or
                  other customary documents, all in accordance with established
                  NPBC policy.


                  All covered persons shall comply with NPBC's Internal Control
Policy, which has been distributed separately from this Code of Conduct and
which is incorporated by reference herein.


Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations, and NPBC Policies and Procedures
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

         This Code of Conduct is based on NPBC's policy that all covered persons
comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of federal, state, and
local governments applicable to NPBC and/or any other NPBC Entity, and with the
rules and regulations of private and public regulatory agencies having
jurisdiction over NPBC and/or any other NPBC Entity. While these legal
requirements prescribe a minimum standard of conduct, this Code of Conduct
requires conduct that often exceeds the legal standard.


         NPBC and certain other NPBC Entities have numerous other specific
policies and procedures governing both topics addressed by this Code of Conduct
such as NPBC's Statement of Company Policy on Insider Trading and Internal
Control Policy, and other topics such as NPBC's Policy on Harassment. All of
these other policies and procedures have been distributed separately from this
Code of Conduct and all of them are incorporated herein by reference. Covered
persons are expected to comply with these other policies and procedures as part
of this Code of Conduct.


Approval and Reporting Process
- ------------------------------

         If any covered person wishes to obtain approval of any particular
action, or a waiver of any of the requirements of this Code of Conduct in any
particular situation, he or she may apply for such approval or waiver, and such
application will be given due consideration. Any such application shall be made
by disclosing all the relevant facts and circumstances to the approving
authority, as follows:

         *        For directors and executive officers, only the Board may grant
                  such approval. In any such case, NPBC shall file a public
                  report with the SEC on Form 8-K within five days of such
                  action, including a complete statement of the action taken and
                  the reasons for such action.

                                       13


<PAGE>



         *        For other employees, the executive officer responsible for the
                  NPBC Entity department to which the person in question is
                  assigned may grant such approval or waiver. In any such event,
                  the approving officer shall promptly report such action to
                  NPBC's Chairman, President and the Board.

         *        For all other covered persons, NPBC's Chairman or President
                  may grant such approval.

         If any covered person is required by this Code of Conduct to report any
facts, he or she shall make such report to the person or persons to whom he or
she would apply for a waiver hereunder. However, possible violations of this
Code of Conduct shall be reported as set forth herein at "Reporting Possible
Violations".

Interpretations
- ---------------

         If any employee does not understand any provision of this Code of
Conduct or desires an interpretation concerning his or her own situation, such
employee should consult with the executive officer responsible for the NPBC
Entity department to which such employee is assigned. Any other covered person
should consult with NPBC's Chairman or President.

Annual Acknowledgements
- -----------------------

         Each director and executive officer of NPBC shall, at least annually,
complete and sign the attached form of Acknowledgment, and file it with NPBC's
Corporate Secretary's Office.

         Each other covered person shall, at least annually, complete and sign
the attached form of Acknowledgment, and file it with NPBC's Human Resources
Department.

         If there shall be any material change of circumstances after such
Acknowledgment is filed, the covered person should report that change
immediately in writing to the Board's Audit Committee and the Board's
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, or to NPBC's Human Resources
Department, as the case may be.

Reporting Possible Violations
- -----------------------------

         Any person having knowledge or reason to believe that a violation of
this Code of Conduct by a director or executive officer of NPBC may exist shall
immediately report the possible violation to the Chair of the Board's Audit
Committee or the Chair of the Board's Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee.

         Any person having knowledge or reason to believe that a violation of
this Code of Conduct by any other covered person may exist shall immediately
report the possible violation to NPBC's Chairman or President and to NPBC's
Chief Auditor.

         In any case, a person may report an existing or potential violation of
this Code of Conduct by any covered person by utilizing the "Whistleblower"
procedure established by the Board's Audit Committee, which procedure has been
distributed separately and is posted on NPBC's intranet website.

         In no event shall any person reporting a possible violation of this
Code of Conduct be subject to any sanction or other adverse action if the
reporting person shall have acted reasonably and in good faith in making such
report.

                                       14


<PAGE>



Violations, Sanctions
- ---------------------

         If any person appears to have violated any provision of this Code of
Conduct, the situation will be reviewed as follows:

         *        The Board's Audit Committee or the Board's
                  Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee will investigate any
                  potential violations of this Code of Conduct by a director or
                  executive officer and will oversee an appropriate response,
                  including corrective action and preventive measures.

         *        The executive officer responsible for the department to which
                  an employee is assigned, together with NPBC's Human Resources
                  Department, will investigate any potential violations of this
                  Code of Conduct by a non-executive officer employee and will
                  oversee an appropriate response, including corrective action
                  and preventive measures.

         *        If any other covered person appears to violate any provision
                  of this Code of Conduct, the situation will be brought to the
                  attention of NPBC's Chairman or President for review,
                  investigation, and an appropriate response, including
                  corrective action and preventive measures.

         Any covered person who violates this Code of Conduct will face
appropriate, case-specific disciplinary action, which may include demotion or
discharge in the case of employees.

         In any case, if it is determined that a violation of this Code of
Conduct has occurred, the situation will be brought to the attention of the
Board. The Board may take such further action as it deems warranted by the
circumstances.


Cooperation with Investigations
- -------------------------------

         Each covered person and each NPBC Entity will cooperate with all
governmental authorities and agencies, including the SEC, law enforcement
officials, self-regulatory agencies, including Nasdaq, NPBC's internal or
external accountants, auditors, attorneys or other representatives in the
investigation of any violation of this Code of Conduct and/or prosecution of any
violation of this Code of Conduct which is a violation of law.


Conclusion
- ----------

         In this Code of Conduct, the Board sets forth the commitment of NPBC
and the other NPBC Entities to conduct business in accordance with the highest
ethical and moral standards and in accordance with all applicable laws, rules
and regulations. All covered persons are expected to conduct themselves in
accordance with these principles and procedures.

         If a situation arises where a covered person feels uncertain as to the
application of this Code of Conduct, he or she should consider requesting an
interpretation, as set forth above at "Interpretations". Absent that, he or she
should err on the side of caution. There is a legal duty of loyalty. That is
paramount.

                      -----------------------------------

         Leadership is a key part of everyone's job. Leadership, by example, is
by far the most effective means.

                                       15


<PAGE>



                       ---------------------------------




DATED:  December 17, 1986

REPLACES:  Code of Conduct dated February 26, 1979.

REVISED: February 24, 1988, to reflect the final guidelines of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System regarding the Bank Bribery Amendments
Act of 1985.

REVISED: January 3, 1991, to reflect the addition of Sellersville Savings and
Loan Association and elimination of Penn Mortgage Company.

REVISED: November 24, 1993, to reflect that "National Penn" includes each of
its subsidiaries.

REVISED: April 24, 1996, to reflect equal treatment and to update generally.

REVISED: May 24, 2000, to update generally in "plain English".

REVISED: January 28, 2004, to comply with newly adopted Nasdaq Stock Market
listing requirements requiring that the Sarbanes-Oxley Act "code of ethics"
apply to all directors, officers and employees; replaces separate Code of Ethics
adopted in January 2003 for chief executive officer and senior financial
officers.

                                       16

<PAGE>



                                 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
                                 ---------------


         Re:      National Penn Bancshares, Inc. Code of Conduct
                  ----------------------------------------------


         I acknowledge that I have received, read and understand the foregoing
Code of Conduct. I am in compliance with the foregoing Code of Conduct and I
will comply with it in the future.

         I understand that if I have questions related to this Code of Conduct I
should discuss them with the appropriate party.

         I understand that any violation of this Code of Conduct will subject me
to appropriate disciplinary action, which may include demotion or discharge.


Signature:

- -----------------------------------


Name and Title (print):

- -----------------------------------

- -----------------------------------




Date:
       ----------------------------


                                                                Version: 1/28/04



                                       17


<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
