
EXHIBIT 99

WASHINGTON, Dec. 6 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Syndication Net.com, Inc. (OTC
Bulletin Board: SYCI - News) announced today that it has signed a letter of
intent to acquire New Age Systems, Inc., a systems integration and design
consulting firm providing services to governments and businesses in geospatial
technology, digital imagery and document imaging, networking and relational data
base systems.

New Age Systems is regarded as an integration pioneer with exceptional skills in
software engineering, records management and enterprise communication
technologies. In addition, the company has developed its own proprietary
commercial software product known as Am Guard. Am Guard is an accounting and
management software product that provides integrated controls of data bases
ranging from membership accounting, event scheduling, and facilities management.
The Am Guard commercial division of New Age has experienced rapid increase in
demand for its product over the last two years and is anticipating continued
significant growth in sales of its software as a commercial product into the
future.

Under the terms of the agreement, Syndication will acquire 100% of New Age
Systems for $650,000 in cash; $1.8 million in working capital, newly issued
shares representing 20% of Syndication Net and other considerations. Subject to
the signing of definitive agreements and customary closing conditions, the
transaction is expected to close in the near future.

Based in Alexandria, Va., New Age Systems, which has been in business for 15
years, provides services to the Divisions of Nuclear Fuel Fabrication Facilities
and Safety Engineering, the Naval Air Systems Command, the Air Force
Intelligence Agency, the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command and General
Services Administration, the U.S. Navy Research and Development Center in
Monterey, Calif., the Deep Sea Navigation and Science Foundation at Woods Hole
Oceanographic Institute, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Naval
Research Laboratory, the Department of Interior, the U.S. Army Morale Welfare
and Recreation Division, Fannie Mae, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, among
many others. Corporate partners include Lockheed, Raytheon, Booze Allen, SCIA
and Anteon. New Age has offices on the East Coast outside of Washington, D.C. in
Alexandria, Va., and on the West Coast in San Diego, Calif., as well as
satellite operations in Germany and England. More information is available on
the website http://www.nasinc.com .

In making the announcement, Syndication Net CEO Brian Sorrentino said, "We are
seeking to build significant value for our shareholders through our acquisition
strategy. New Age is our first major acquisition and puts us in a uniquely
advantageous position in a highly dynamic market with outstanding growth
metrics. The events of 9/11 and the recent increased requirement for high-level
national security as demanded by government agencies like Homeland Security, as
well as commercial industries, have fostered heightened challenges for our
country's security concerns here and abroad and in our military and commercial
interests. With a $10 million financing program in place, New Age's long-term
history of top secret clearance status working in sensitive military security
arenas and more specifically their expertise in geospatial technology and
applications to national and newly developing commercial security issues, create
a winning formula for aggressive growth and the future success of the
companies."

New Age CEO Alan Leonhart said, "We are delighted to become part of Syndication
Net. The infusion of working capital will enable us to move forward more
aggressively in establishing new operations that will help us grow our
business."

About Syndication Net.com

Syndication Net.com, a Delaware corporation based in Washington, D.C., is a
consulting company formed to acquire, create and provide financial, management
and technical support to development stage, e-commerce and traditional
brick-and-mortar businesses. Syndication Net.com's core operating unit is New
Age Systems, an integration pioneer with exceptional foundations in software
engineering, records management and enterprise communication technologies. In
addition, Syndication Net further assists target companies in various capacities
including the development and implementation of business models that capitalize
on the Internet's ability to provide solutions to traditional companies,
building corporate infrastructure, managing rapid growth, evaluating and
negotiating corporate transactions and providing advice relating to corporate
finance, financial reporting and accounting operations.


<PAGE>


This release and oral statements made from time to time by the company's
representatives concerning the same subject matter may contain "forward- looking
statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. These statements can be identified by introductory words such as
"expects," "plans," "intends," "believes," "will," "estimates," "forecasts,"
"projects" or words of similar meaning, and by the fact that they do not relate
strictly to historical or current facts. Many factors may cause actual results
to differ from forward-looking statements, including inaccurate assumptions and
a broad variety of risks and uncertainties, some of which are known and others
of which are not. Known risks and uncertainties include those identified from
time to time in the reports filed by the company with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, which should be considered together with any forward
looking statement. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future results
or events, and one should avoid placing undue reliance on such statements.

     Contact Information
     Hawk Associates, Inc.
     Frank N. Hawkins, Jr. or Julie Marshall
     Phone: (305) 852-2383
     E-mail: info@hawkassociates.com




