
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

POZEN's MT 100 To Be Reviewed by Advisory Committee in May 2005

    CHAPEL HILL, N.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 21, 2004--FDA and POZEN
Inc. (NASDAQ: POZN) have agreed to present MT 100 to an Advisory
Committee for consideration, with particular emphasis on the potential
risk of tardive dyskinesia. A tentative date in May has been proposed.
This action came as a result of a series of meetings held between the
two parties. The FDA stated in a recent memo that it is possible that
MT 100 may not be approvable if the benefits of the drug do not, in
FDA's opinion, outweigh the risks of MT 100, including the risk of
tardive dyskinesia, even if FDA eventually determines that MT 100
meets the efficacy requirements for a combination migraine agent.
    MT 100 is a combination of two approved drugs, naproxen sodium and
metoclopramide hydrochloride, in a sequential release formulation.
POZEN received a not approvable letter from FDA on May 28, 2004 citing
a lack of evidence supporting both the efficacy and the safety of the
combination product. MT 100 is still under regulatory review in the
United Kingdom.

    About POZEN

    POZEN is a pharmaceutical company committed to developing
therapeutic advancements for diseases with unmet medical needs where
it can improve efficacy, safety, and/or patient convenience. Since its
inception, POZEN has focused its efforts primarily on the development
of pharmaceutical products for the treatment of migraine. POZEN is
also exploring the development of product candidates in other
pain-related therapeutic areas. POZEN has development and commercial
alliances with GlaxoSmithKline, Xcel Pharmaceuticals, and Nycomed. The
company's common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the
symbol "POZN". For detailed company information, including copies of
this and other press releases, see POZEN's website: www.pozen.com.

    Statements included in this press release that are not historical
in nature are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the
"safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. You should be aware that our actual results could differ
materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements,
which are based on management's current expectations and are subject
to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to,
our failure to successfully commercialize our product candidates;
costs and delays in the development and/or FDA approval of our product
candidates, including as a result of the need to conduct additional
studies, or the failure to obtain such approval of our product
candidates, notwithstanding extensive dialogue with FDA; uncertainties
in clinical trial results or the timing of such trials, resulting in,
among other things, an extension in the period over which we recognize
deferred revenue or our failure to achieve milestones that would have
provided us with revenue; our inability to maintain or enter into, and
the risks resulting from our dependence upon, collaboration or
contractual arrangements necessary for the development, manufacture,
commercialization, marketing, sales and distribution of any products;
competitive factors; our inability to protect our patents or
proprietary rights and obtain necessary rights to third party patents
and intellectual property to operate our business; our inability to
operate our business without infringing the patents and proprietary
rights of others; general economic conditions; the failure of any
products to gain market acceptance; our inability to obtain any
additional required financing; technological changes; government
regulation; changes in industry practice; and one-time events,
including those discussed herein and in our Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2004 under
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations". We do not intend to update any of these
factors or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to these
forward-looking statements.

    CONTACT: POZEN Inc.
             Bill Hodges, 919-913-1030
             Chief Financial Officer
             or
             Fran Barsky, 919-913-1044
             Director, Investor Relations

