-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 I9lSbeeCA7DjzeszAzmY/cf+Wp4r+NdaXLCijKISNJPqh8+AwqVQnV3hev1wutzz
 1QzZnaodLk6/l/Qeqz53SQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001093094-04-000203.txt : 20041221
<SEC-HEADER>0001093094-04-000203.hdr.sgml : 20041221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041221140155
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001093094-04-000203
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOTORSPORTS EMPORIUM, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001075993
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		IRS NUMBER:				201217659
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32323
		FILM NUMBER:		041216672

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16055 N. DIAL BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 5
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-419-8607

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16055 N. DIAL BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 5
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TEN STIX INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TEN STIX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010130
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8ktsgsale.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K RE TSG TRANSFER
<TEXT>
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
                     PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 20, 2004
                                                  -----------------


                           MOTORSPORTS EMPORIUM, INC.
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

                                     Nevada
         (State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization)

      0-32323                                          20-1217659
- ------------------------                     ---------------------------------
(Commission File Number)                    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

16055 N. Dial Blvd., Suite 5, Scottsdale, Arizona                    85260
- -------------------------------------------------                    -----
 (Address of principal executive offices)                          (Zip Code)

                                 (480) 419-8607
                ------------------------------------------------
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

             10631 E. Running Deer Trail, Scottsdale, Arizona 85262
          (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

                                       1
<PAGE>
Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

     On December 20, 2004, the Company, Motorsports Emporium, Inc. (formerly Ten
Stix, Inc.) entered into an Assignment Agreement and General Release with Thomas
A. Sawyer, Tony Cranford and Ten Stix Gaming, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company.

     Pursuant to the terms of the Assignment Agreement and General Release, in
consideration of the assignment of 100% of the issued and outstanding common
stock of Ten Stix Gaming, Inc., by the Company to Messrs. Sawyer and Cranford,
with the exception of the provision of the Management Severance Agreement which
provides for the execution of Consulting Agreements with Mr. Sawyer and Mr.
Cranford, under which Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Cranford shall receive an aggregate of
$60,000 for consulting services which shall survive this agreement and remain in
full force, Ten Stix Gaming, Inc., Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Cranford, released the
Company, its assigns, officers, directors, attorneys, agents, consultants,
representatives, principals, predecessors and successors in interest, from any
and all claims, demands, obligations pursuant to any agreement, liabilities, or
causes of action of any nature whatsoever that Ten Stix Gaming, Inc., Mr. Sawyer
and Mr. Cranford may now have or hereinafter acquire against the Company,
including without limitation the payment of any deferred and unpaid accrued
salaries, compensation, loans to and on behalf of the Company, reimbursement
and/or any other claims.

     With the disposition of all the common stock of Ten Stix Gaming, Inc., the
Company has completely divested itself of any interest in Ten Stix Gaming, Inc.,
and the gaming related business.

     The transaction was completed on December 20, 2004. A copy of the
Assignment Agreement and General Release is incorporated by reference in this
Current Report on Form 8-K, and is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

     Press Release Announcing Divestiture of Subsidiary
     --------------------------------------------------

     On December 21, 2004, the Company announced that the Company had completed
the divestiture of all interest in Ten Stix Gaming, Inc., and the gaming related
business, to Messrs. Thomas Sawyer and Tony Cranford. A copy of the Press
Release is incorporated by reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K, is
attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2

     Change of Corporate headquarters
     --------------------------------

     Effective immediately, the Company has relocated is headquarters to 16055
N. Dial Blvd., Suite 5, Scottsdale, Arizona 85260.

                                       2
<PAGE>
     The information in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including the exhibit,
is furnished under "8.01 Other Events" in accordance with SEC Release No.
33-8216. Furthermore, the information in this Current Report on Form 8-K,
including the exhibit, shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into
the filings of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                Motorsports Emporium, Inc.
                                                (Registrant)


Date: December 21, 2004                         /s/ David Keaveney
                                                -------------------------------
                                                By: David Keaveney
                                                Its:  President and CEO


                                       3
<PAGE>
                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit Number          Exhibit
- --------------          ------------------------------------------------------
99.1                    Assignment Agreement and General Release dated
                        December 20, 2004

99.2                    Press Release





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>assignment.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1 - ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                    ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE

     This Assignment and General Release (the "Agreement") is effective as of
December 20, 2004, and is by and among Motorsports Emporium, Inc., (formerly Ten
Stix, Inc.), a Nevada corporation ("Motorsports"), Thomas E. Sawyer ("Sawyer"),
Tony A. Cranford ("Cranford"), and Ten Stix Gaming, Inc., a Colorado corporation
("TSG").

                                    RECITALS

     A. Whereas, Ten Stix Gaming, Inc., a Colorado corporation ("TSG"), is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Motorsports Emporium, Inc., (formerly Ten Stix,
Inc.).

     B. Whereas, TSG was organized pursuant to that certain Management Severance
Agreement, dated June 30, 2004, between Motorsports, Sawyer, Cranford and Robert
Brehm, which provided among other things that (i) Brehm would loan or arrange a
loan to Motorsports of $185,000 in order for Motorsports to satisfy the
Stipulation entered into between Motorsports and Rapid Funding, LLC, (ii) all
gaming related assets related to Motorsports' gaming business were to be
assigned and transferred to TSG, (iii) Sawyer and Cranford were to resign as
officers and directors of Motorsports, (iv) TSG would assume all liabilities and
obligations of Motorsports relating to the gaming assets, (v) upon the
assignment of the gaming related business assets by Motorsports to TSG and the
assumption of the liabilities and obligations associated with those assets,
Sawyer and Cranford would be appointed as the officers and directors of TSG, and
(vi) Motorsports would assign and transfer 80% of the common stock of TSG to
Sawyer and Cranford in consideration of their forgiveness of any and all unpaid
accrued payroll, compensation, obligations, advances and loans due and owing by
Motorsports, obligations o and the release of Motorsports, its officers,
directors, consultants, attorneys, etc., of all claims.

     C. Whereas, the Management Severance Agreement further anticipated the
execution of Consulting Agreements with Sawyer and Cranford, under which Sawyer
and Cranford shall receive an aggregate of $60,000 for consulting services to
Motorsports in the transition of gaming operations to TSG, and TSG shall receive
an additional $40,000 for transitional and spin-off related costs.

     D. Whereas, on July 1, 2004, Edify Capital Group, Inc., loaned $185,000 to
Motorsports.

     E. Whereas, on September 26, 2004, both Sawyer and Cranford resigned as
officers and directors of Ten Stix.

     F. Whereas, pursuant to that certain Assignment and Assumption Agreement,
effective as of November 4, 2004, all gaming related assets of Motorsports were
assigned to TSG.

     G. Whereas, between October 19, 2004 and November 5, 2004, pursuant to
those certain Assignment, Assumption and Release Agreements, certain liabilities
and obligations of Motorsports relating to the gaming related assets and
business were assigned by Motorsports to TSG, assumed by TSG and Motorsports was
released from said liabilities by those creditors.

                                       1
<PAGE>

     H. Whereas, Sawyer and Cranford have been appointed as the officers and
directors of TSG and have been operating TSG on behalf of Motorsports.

     I. Whereas, on November 24, 2004, Motorsports through its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Scottsdale Diecast, Inc., an Arizona corporation, acquired the
assets of Scalecars Ltd., and changed its principal business to selling die cast
scale cars and motor sports accessories.

     J. Whereas, Sawyer and Cranford have expressed their desire to acquire 100%
of the outstanding stock of TSG from Motorsports rather than only 80%.

     K. Whereas, Motorsports has agreed to desires to divest itself of 100% of
its interest in TSG and the gaming related business rather than 80% as set forth
in the Management Severance Agreement, in consideration of the full release and
waiver of Motorsports and the Released Parties as set forth herein, of any and
all obligations and performance due and owing by Motorsports to TSG, Cranford
and Sawyer, including without limitation, the payment of any deferred and unpaid
accrued salaries, compensation, loans to and on behalf of the corporation,
reimbursement and/or any other claims, by TSG, Sawyer and Cranford of, and in
full satisfaction thereof, Motorsports has agree to assign and transfer to
Sawyer and Cranford, and Sawyer and Cranford agree to accept an aggregate of
1,100,000 shares of common stock of TSG (the "Shares"), 550,000 shares to Sawyer
and 550,000 shares to Cranford. Notwithstanding the above, the provision of the
Management Severance Agreement which provides for the execution of Consulting
Agreements with Sawyer and Cranford, under which Sawyer and Cranford shall
receive an aggregate of $60,000 for consulting services from Motorsports shall
remain in full force.

     Now therefore, the Parties agree as follows:

                                    AGREEMENT

     1. Assignment of Shares. In consideration of the full release and waiver of
all deferred salary, reimbursement, and/or any other claims, by TSG, Sawyer and
Cranford of Motorsports, as set forth herein, Motorsports hereby assigns,
transfers and irrevocably conveys 550,000 restricted shares of common stock of
TSG to Thomas E. Sawyer and 550,000 restricted shares of common stock of TSG to
Tony A. Cranford, which shares represent 100% of the issued and outstanding
shares of Ten Stix Gaming, Inc.

     2. Release by TSG, Sawyer and Cranford.

          (a) In consideration of the assignment of 100% of the issued and
     outstanding shares of TSG, to Sawyer and Cranford, as set forth above, with
     the exception of the provision of the Management Severance Agreement which
     provides for the execution of Consulting Agreements with Sawyer and
     Cranford, under which Sawyer and Cranford shall receive an aggregate of
     $60,000 for consulting

                                       2
<PAGE>
     services which shall survive this agreement and remain in full force, TSG,
     Sawyer and Cranford, for themselves and on behalf of any and all of their
     affiliates, predecessors, officers, directors, shareholders, successors and
     assigns hereby discharge and release Motorsports, and its assigns,
     officers, directors, attorneys, agents, consultants, representatives,
     principals, predecessors and successors in interest, including without
     limitation, David Keaveney, Robert Brehm, Wenthur & Chachas, LLP and its
     attorneys (the "Released Parties"), from any and all claims, demands,
     obligations pursuant to any agreement, liabilities, or causes of action of
     any nature whatsoever that TSG, Sawyer and Cranford may now have or
     hereinafter acquire against the Released Parties, and TSG, Sawyer and
     Cranford, hereby waive application of California Civil Code Section 1542.

          (b) TSG, Sawyer and Cranford, hereby acknowledge and agree that this
     release applies to all claims for all injuries, damages, performance under
     any verbal or written agreement, losses or alleged claims or causes of
     action to Assignees, their property, or interest whether those injuries,
     damages, losses, or rights are known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, or
     patent or latent that Assignees may now have or may hereinafter accrue.
     Assignees hereby waive application of California Civil Code Section 1542,
     which states:

               "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor
               does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of
               executing the release, which if known by him must have materially
               affected his settlement with the debtor."

          (c) TSG, Sawyer and Cranford fully understand and acknowledge the
     significance and consequences of the waiver of California Civil Code
     Section 1542 in that if they should suffer or discover damages or losses or
     claims against the Released Parties, they will not be able to make any
     claim for those damages or losses, or seek to rescind this Agreement.
     Furthermore, TSG, Sawyer and Cranford acknowledge that they intend these
     consequences even as to potential claims that may exist as of the date of
     the signing of this Agreement but which TSG, Sawyer and Cranford do not
     know exist, or if known, would have materially affected the decision of
     TSG, Sawyer and Cranford to execute this Agreement.

          (d) TSG, Sawyer and Cranford acknowledge and represent that they have
     been apprised of all relevant information and data to their satisfaction.
     TSG, Sawyer and Cranford acknowledge that they are represented by
     independent counsel of their own choosing or have voluntarily chosen not to
     seek advice of counsel. TSG, Sawyer and Cranford further acknowledge and
     represent that in executing this release they have not relied on any
     inducement, promise or representation made by any other party.

          (e) TSG, Sawyer and Cranford represent that they have carefully read
     and understand all the provisions of this release, and TSG, Sawyer and
     Cranford are voluntarily entering into this release. The benefits of this
     release shall inure to Motorsports, and its assigns, officers, directors,
     attorneys, agents, consultants, representatives, principals, predecessors
     and successors in interest, including without limitation, David Keaveney,
     Robert Brehm, Wenthur & Chachas, LLP and its attorneys (the "Released
     Parties")

                                       3
<PAGE>
     3. All Necessary Actions. Motorsports, TSG, Sawyer and Cranford, agree to
execute and deliver the documents reasonably necessary to effectuate the
transfer, assignment and setting over of the shares to Sawyer and Cranford as
set forth herein.

     4. Cooperation of Sawyer, Cranford and TSG and Special Power of Attorney.

          (a) Cooperation. Sawyer, Cranford and TSG agree to fully cooperate
     with Motorsports and its auditors in the preparation of any periodic,
     quarterly or annual reports required to be filed by Motorsports which
     require information pertaining to TSG, and agree to provide all
     information, documents, bank statements, invoices or other supporting
     documentation or information required by the independent auditors for
     Motorsports.

          (b) Special Power of Attorney; Attorney-In-Fact. TSG, Sawyer and
     Cranford, hereby grant to David Keaveney, President of Motorsports, a
     special power of attorney irrevocably making, constituting and appointing
     David Keaveney as attorney in-fact for TSG, Sawyer and Cranford, with power
     and authority to act in their name and on their behalf to obtain from any
     person or entity, including without limitation any financial institution,
     creditor, supplier, vendor or service provider, any information, documents,
     bank statements, invoices or other supporting documentation or information
     required by the independent auditors for Motorsports, as required for
     Motorsports to prepare and file any required periodic, quarterly, annual
     report.

          (c) Special Provisions. The Special Power of Attorney being granted by
     TSG, Sawyer and Cranford, (i) is a special power of attorney coupled with
     an interest, (ii) is irrevocable, (iii) shall survive the death or
     incapacity of either Sawyer or Cranford, (iv) is limited to the matters set
     forth in this section 4, and (v) provided this Agreement is executed and
     the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated on or before December
     31, 2004, the Special Power of Attorney being granted hereby shall expired
     on December 31, 2005.

          (d) Signatures. David Keaveney may exercise the special power of
     attorney on behalf of TSG, Sawyer or Cranford by a facsimile signature
     acting as an attorney-in-fact for TSG, Sawyer or Cranford.

                                       4
<PAGE>
     5. Miscellaneous Provisions.

          (a) Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
     under this Agreement, shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
     duly given on the date of service if served personally on the party to whom
     notice is to be given or within five (5) business days if mailed to the
     party to whom notice is to be given, by first-class mail, registered, or
     certified, postage prepaid and properly addressed as follows:

                  If to TSG, addressed to:
                  -----------------------
                  Ten Stix Gaming, Inc.
                  12252 West Chenango Drive
                  Morrison, Colorado 80465

                  If to Cranford, addressed to:
                  ----------------------------
                  Tony A. Cranford.
                  12252 West Chenango Drive
                  Morrison, Colorado 80465

                  If to Sawyer, addressed to:
                  ---------------------------
                  Thomas E. Sawyer
                  3101 Riverside Drive
                  Idaho Springs, CO 80452

                  If to Motorsports, addressed to:
                  --------------------------------
                  Motorsports Emporium, Inc.
                  Attn: David Keaveney
                  10631 E. Running Deer Trail
                  Scottsdale, Arizona 85262

          (b) Further Assurances. Each of the Parties to this Agreement agrees
     to perform such further acts and to execute and deliver any and all further
     documents that may reasonably be necessary or desirable to effectuate the
     purpose of this Agreement, such as appropriate requests for dismissal of
     actions with any and all judicial and/or administrative agencies.

          (c) Arbitration. The Parties agree that any and all disputes, claims
     or controversies arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be
     resolved by final and binding arbitration as the exclusive remedy. Either
     party may commence the arbitration process by filing a written demand for
     arbitration with J.A.M.S./ENDISPUTE, or its successor, in San Diego County,
     California, and sending a copy to the other party. If the Parties are
     unable to agree upon an arbitrator from the list provided, the Parties
     shall alternate in striking names of arbitrators from the list until one is
     left, who shall be the Parties' arbitrator. The first party to strike the
     names of arbitrators from the list until one is left shall be the party who
     or which initially filed the written demand for arbitration. The Parties
     will cooperate in scheduling the arbitration proceedings. The arbitration
     will be conducted in accordance with the provisions of J.A.M.S./ENDISPUTE's

                                       5
<PAGE>
     Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures in effect at the time of
     filing of the demand for arbitration. The Parties specifically incorporate
     the terms of California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1283.05 with
     respect to discovery. Should a non-party witness refuse to comply with a
     subpoena issued by the arbitrator and the arbitrator is unable to enforce
     compliance with the subpoena, the Parties agree to submit the subpoena to a
     Court of competent jurisdiction for enforcement of the subpoena. The
     arbitrator is authorized to award any remedy allowed by the Agreement or by
     applicable law.

          (d) Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement
     between the Parties, and there are no other agreements modifying its terms.
     The terms of this Agreement can only be modified by a writing signed by all
     of the parties which expressly states that such modification is intended,
     and this Agreement cannot be amended by a partially or fully executed oral
     modification.

          (e) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and
     enforced in accordance with the laws of California. This Agreement shall be
     deemed made and entered into in San Diego County, State of California,
     United States of America; however, it is intended to resolve all claims,
     known or unknown, of TSG, Sawyer and Cranford, in any jurisdiction.

          (f) Interpretation of Agreement. This Agreement shall not be construed
     against any party on the basis that his, her or its attorney drafted it as
     each Party and their respective legal counsel has had an opportunity to
     review, make comments, changes and modifications to the Agreement prior to
     its execution.

          (g) Signature in Counterpart. This Agreement may be executed in
     counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of
     which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

          (h) Independent Advice of Counsel. The Parties hereto, and each of
     them, represent and declare that in executing this Agreement they relied
     solely upon their own judgment, belief, knowledge and the advice and
     recommendations of their own independently selected counsel, concerning he
     nature, extent, and duration of their rights and claims, and that they have
     not been influenced to any extent whatsoever in executing the Agreement by
     any representations or statements covering any matters made by any other
     party or that party's representatives hereto, or have voluntarily chosen
     not to seek advice of counsel.

          (i) Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties and
     their heirs, representatives, administrators, successors and assigns, and
     shall inure to the benefit of the released parties and each of them, and to
     their heirs, representative, successors and assigns.

          (j) Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a
     Court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the
     remaining provisions shall nevertheless continue in full force without
     being impaired or invalidated in any way.

                                       6
<PAGE>
          (k) Attorneys' Fees and Costs. In the event any action at law or
     equity between or among the parties hereto is required to enforce any of
     the provisions of the Agreement, the unsuccessful party of such action
     covenants and agrees to pay the successful party all costs and expenses,
     including attorneys' fees and if such successful party shall recover a
     judgment in any action or proceeding, such costs, expenses and attorneys'
     fees shall be included in and a part of such judgment.

     IN WITNESS HEREOF, the parties hereto as evidence of their agreement to the
terms of this Agreement have executed this Agreement on the date set forth
opposite their respective names below.

                                                MOTORSPORTS EMPORIUM, INC.
                                                (formerly Ten Stix, Inc.)

                                                /S/ David Keaveney
Date: December 20, 2004                         ------------------------------
                                                By: David Keaveney
                                                Its: President


                                                TEN STIX GAMING, INC.

                                                /S/ Tony A. Cranford
Date: December 20, 2004                         ------------------------------
                                                By: Tony A. Cranford
                                                Its: President, CEO
                                                     and Director


                                                /S/ Karen Cranford
Date: December 20, 2004                         ------------------------------
                                                By:  Karen Cranford
                                                Its: Secretary, Treasurer
                                                     and Director


                                                /S/ Thomas E. Sawyer
Date: December 20, 2004                         ------------------------------
                                                Thomas E. Sawyer, individually


                                                /S/ Tony A. Cranford
Date: December 20, 2004                         ------------------------------
                                                Tony A. Cranford, individually


                                       7

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex99pressrelease.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2 - PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
          Motorsports Emporium Divests Itself of its Gaming Subsidiary

         - Company Sheds Unprofitable Gaming Operation and Liabilities -

SCOTTSDALE, Ariz.--Dec. 21, 2004--David Keaveney, CEO of Motorsports Emporium,
Inc. (OTCBB:MSEP), announced today that it has completed divested itself -
itself of its gaming subsidiary and related gaming assets and liabilities
thereby repositioning its balance sheet for new growth opportunities as it
accelerates into the Motor Sports industry through its operating subsidiary
Scottsdale Diecast and its premier website www.ScaleCars.com.

The company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Ten Stix Gaming Inc., assumed all gaming
related assets and liabilities of the parent company and was transferred to
Thomas Sawyer and Tony Cranford, e effective December 20.

David Keaveney, commented, "Since my appointment as CEO in late September 2004,
I immediately began reengineering the company's business model to focus on the
high growth motor sports industry by seeking acquisition candidates that could
bring solid revenue results and much needed positive cash flow while casting off
the unprofitable gaming business."

Keaveney continued, "Today I am happy to say that we have completed the initial
steps of our strategic plan by spinning off our gaming subsidiary to former
management and by the asset acquisition of Scalecars.com from former Ferrari
race driver, Ron Adams. We will end the fiscal year on December 31 with a new
direction, a stronger balance sheet and a motor sports business targeted to
increase revenues to the $1,000,000 to $5,000,000 range as we accelerate our
operations thru strategic acquisitions and ventures to include trackside events,
sponsorship programs, product distribution and partnerships."


About Motorsports Emporium

Motorsports Emporium, Inc. (OTCBB:MSEP) is a fast track new company in the Motor
Sports industry targeting amateur and professional motor enthusiasts who take
pride in displaying models of their cars, participating in car events and
enhancing their driving pleasure.

For further information about Motorsports Emporium, Inc. or ScaleCars.com
contact David Keaveney at 480-556-0821, via e-mail at david@scalecars.com or to
purchase products click on www.scalecars.com.

This news release may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of
section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and section
21E of the United States Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with
respect to achieving corporate objectives, developing additional project
interests, the company's analysis of opportunities in the acquisition and
development of various project interests and certain other matters. These
statements are made under the "Safe Harbor" provisions of the United States
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and involve risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those
in the forward-looking statements contained herein.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
