
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

              [Letterhead of Colorado Office of the State Engineer]



                                December 23, 2004

Kenneth N. Zaring
Western Water Company
2198 North State Highway 83,
Suite 8
Franktown, CO  80116

Patrick F. Mulhern, P.E.
Cottonwood Water & Sanitation District
2 Inverness Drive East
Suite 200
Englewood, CO  80112

      RE:   COTTONWOOD WATER AND SANITATION DISTRICT AND WESTERN WATER COMPANY
            SECTIONS 4, 5 AND 9, T6S, R66W, 6TH P.M.
            WATER DIVISION 1, WATER DISTRICT 8

Dear Mr. Zaring and Mr. Mulhern:

      We have reviewed your September 22, 2004 request for approval of the above
referenced Substitute Water Supply Plan ("SWSP") for Cottonwood Water and
Sanitation District ("Cottonwood") and Western Water Company ("Western"),
pursuant to C.R.S. 37-92-308(5). Notice of the request for approval of a
substitute water supply plan was sent on September 22, 2004 to all parties on
the SWSP notification list. The State Engineer's Office ("SEO") has received
comments from Parker Water and Sanitation District and AscentPointe Development,
LLC. Those comments were considered during the evaluation of this request. We
have received the $300 filing fee (receipt no. 530069).

      As stated above, this request is submitted pursuant to C.R.S.
37-92-308(5). In the request you have indicated that your intent is to file an
application to the Water Court for approval of a plan for augmentation with
provisions similar to this request prior to the expiration of the SWSP approval.
Therefore, any subsequent requests for a renewal SWSP will be filed pursuant to
C.R.S. 37-92-308(4).

OPERATION OF PLAN AS PROPOSED

      The plan you submitted proposes to replace out-of-priority depletions to
Cherry Creek that result from pumping of Cottonwood Water and Sanitation
District's, Diamond over D wells 1 through 7 ("Cottonwood Wells"). The
Cottonwood Wells are located in Sections 4, 5 and 9, Township 6 South, Range 66
West, 6th P.M., Douglas County, and are further described in Division 1 Water
Court Case no. 81CW142.
<PAGE>
Kenneth N. Zaring and Patrick F. Mulhern, P.E.
December 16, 2004
Page 2

      The Cottonwood Wells were originally decreed for irrigation use on
November 10, 1969 in Case No. 3746. The Cottonwood Wells were changed to
year-round municipal use under the change of water rights and plan for
augmentation, decreed in Division 1 Water Court Case No. 81CW142.

      According to your proposed plan, the Cottonwood Wells will pump up to 200
acre-feet of water annually under your plan. Cottonwood has entered into a Water
Sale Agreement with Western for the delivery, via Cherry Creek and its alluvium,
of up to 200 acre-feet of nontributary groundwater. The nontributary water
produced through Western's wells1 will be released directly to Cherry Creek to
replace out-of-priority depletions that accrue to Cherry Creek as a result of
operation of the Cottonwood Wells under the proposed plan. Depletions from such
pumping will be lagged to the stream system based on the lagging factors
specified in attached Exhibit H.

      Applicants propose to make replacements from nontributary sources for 100%
of the out-of-priority depletions from the Cottonwood Wells and then take
offsetting credit for consumable Lawn Irrigation Return Flows ("LIRFs") and
Indoor Use Return Flows ("IURFs") resulting from water diverted through the
Cottonwood Wells, pursuant to the proposed plan. Such return flows would be used
exclusively to offset lagged out-of-priority depletions from the Cottonwood
Wells during periods when Cherry Creek exhibits a dry spot in the Delivery
Reach. The timing and quantity of return flows from LIRFs and IURFs, that can be
attributed to out-of-priority depletions through the Cottonwood Wells would be
calculated in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in Cottonwood's
decree granted in Case No. 81CW142. According to the Water Sale Agreement
between Cottonwood and Western, all right of re-use or successive uses of water
which results from pumping of the Cottonwoods Wells, under this plan, are
reserved to Western.

      As noted in the Application, during certain times of the year there are
dry areas in the Creek bed within the so-called Delivery Reach (the reach
between where the upstream point where nontributary replacement water is
released to Cherry Creek and the downstream location where out-of-priority
depletions accrue to Cherry Creek from pumping of the Cottonwood Wells). The
plan proposes to maintain the Cherry Creek alluvial aquifer/stream system in
"mass balance" at all times (that is, with nontributary replacement water, net
of relinquishment and transit losses, fully offsetting on a contemporaneous
basis the out-of-priority depletions from the Cottonwood Wells). Based on such
contemporaneous replacement, the plan would operate during times when there is a
live stream in the Delivery Reach and when there are dry spots in the Delivery
Reach. Applicants have proposed a system of accounting for

      1 The nontributary ground water made available to Cottonwood by Western
will be produced by the Franktown Lda-1 Well completed in the nontributary Lower
Dawson aquifer and the McLain A-1 Well completed in the nontributary Arapahoe
aquifer. The Franktown Lda-1 is permitted under well no. 59470-F and is
constructed in the SE1/4 of the SW1/4, Section 22, Township 7 South, Range 66
West, 6th P.M. The McLain A-1 well is permitted under well no. 58986-F and is
constructed in the SE1/4 of the SE1/4, Section 3, Township 8 South, Range 66
West, 6th P.M. The Franktown Lda-1 Well is located 12.0 miles upstream of the
Cottonwood Wells and the McLain A-1 Well is located 16.5 miles upstream of the
Cottonwood Wells. Transit losses of 6.0 percent and 8.3 percent respectively
will be accounted for on all water released from the Franktown Lda-1 Well and
the McLain A-1 well, based on a loss of 0.5% per mile.

<PAGE>
Kenneth N. Zaring and Patrick F. Mulhern, P.E.
December 16, 2004
Page 3

replacements/depletions under both live stream and dry spot conditions and have
proposed an overall limit on the amount of out-of-priority depletions during the
persistence of dry spots in the Delivery Reach.

OPERATION OF PLAN AS APPROVED

      The SEO does not accept those aspects of the proposed plan that support
the Applicants' assertion that the plan can be operated without causing injury
during periods when there are dry spots in the Delivery Reach. Therefore, this
plan is approved for operation only during periods when Cherry Creek is a live
stream through the entire Delivery Reach. The request for approval to operate
the plan during dry stream conditions in the Delivery Reach is denied. During
periods when there are dry spots in the Delivery Reach, out-of-priority
depletions from the Cottonwood Wells must be replaced under the SWSP or court
approved augmentation plan approved for the Upper Cherry Creek Water
Association.

      Return flows in the form of LIRFs and IURFs that result from pumping the
Cottonwood Wells pursuant to this plan will be applied only to offset the lagged
depletions from the Cottonwood Wells. The reduced or net out-of-priority
depletions from production of the Cottonwood Wells are the depletions that must
be replaced by deliveries of nontributary water. All of the nontributary water
that is discharged to Cherry Creek will be consumed through the relinquishment
requirement, transit losses, or replacement of net out-of-priority depletions
under the plan as hereby approved. Therefore, there will be no nontributary
ground water available for reuse.

CONDITIONS OF APPROVAL

      This substitute water supply plan is hereby approved pursuant to Section
37-92-308(5), C.R.S., subject to the following conditions. Where these
conditions of approval are more restrictive than the plan's operation in the
OPERATION OF PLAN AS PROPOSED section, the conditions of approval shall control:

      1.    This substitute water supply plan is approved with an effective date
            of December 23, 2004, and shall be valid through July 31, 2005, the
            end of the delivery period under the Water Sale Agreement, unless
            otherwise revoked, modified, or superceded by decree. This plan
            shall be extended through December 23, 2005, if the Applicants
            submit an extension of the Water Sale Agreement valid through at
            least December 23, 2005 to the SEO by July 31, 2005. Should an
            additional plan be requested, the provisions of CRS 37-92-308 shall
            apply. The statutory fee of $300 will be required pursuant to
            37-92-308(8). Any request for an additional plan must be submitted
            to this office no later than April 31, 2005 or September 16, 2005,
            if extended.

      2.    The annual amount of water to be withdrawn from the Cottonwood Wells
            pursuant to this plan shall not exceed 200 acre-feet.

      3.    This plan may only be operated when there is a live stream through
            the entire Delivery Reach of Cherry Creek. Any out-of-priority
            depletions from the Cottonwood Wells which accrue to the stream
            system during periods when a dry spot exists in the Delivery Reach
            shall be replaced pursuant to the SWSP or court approved
            augmentation plan approved for the Upper Cherry Creek Water
            Association.

      4.    The timing and quantity of return flows from LIRFs and IURFs,
            resulting from pumping of the Cottonwood Wells, pursuant to this
            SWSP, must be calculated in
<PAGE>
Kenneth N. Zaring and Patrick F. Mulhern, P.E.
December 16, 2004
Page 4

            accordance with the terms and conditions specified in Cottonwood's
            decree granted in Case No. 81CW142. Return flows from LIRF's and
            IURFs, which result from operations under this plan, may only be
            used to offset lagged, out-of-priority depletions from the
            Cottonwood Wells resulting from water pumped in accordance with this
            plan.

      5.    Pumping will be limited to the Cottonwood Wells, decreed in case
            nos. 3746 and 81CW142. Additional wells may be included in this SWSP
            only if an amendment to the approved SWSP is submitted with the
            required $300 fee and approved. Approval of an amendment will be
            contingent upon the Applicants demonstrating they have sufficient
            replacement water to cover the additional out-of-priority well
            depletions. Notice of such a proposed amendment must be sent to all
            parties on the SWSP notification list.

      6.    If pumping of the Cottonwood Wells causes depletions that adversely
            affect a senior surface water right at a location where this SWSP
            cannot provide replacement water, the Cottonwood Wells will be
            subject to curtailment until arrangements are made to provide
            replacement water at a point which will preclude injury to such
            senior surface water right. Well owners are responsible for
            replacing all out-of-priority depletions in time, location, and
            amount and otherwise preventing injury to other water rights.

      7.    The Applicants shall provide accounting (including, but not limited
            to diversions for each well, total depletions, net out-of-priority
            depletions, replacement location and quantity, transit loss,
            nontributary relinquishment requirement, and river calls) as
            required by the Division Engineer for the operation of this SWSP.
            Accounting shall be provided to the Division Engineer (Jim Hall, 810
            9th Street, Suite 200, Greeley, CO 80631) and the Water Commissioner
            (Mr. Mark Trivisonno, 1484 Magpie Ct., Golden, CO 80403), on a
            monthly basis. Accounting and reporting procedures are subject to
            approval and modification by the Division Engineer. The accounting
            form shall include the WDID for each well as identified below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          WELL NAME                    WDID
<S>                                                   <C>
                  Diamond over D Well No. 1           8-8162
                  Diamond over D Well No. 2           8-5850
                  Diamond over D Well No. 3           8-5853
                  Diamond over D Well No. 4           8-5854
                  Diamond over D Well No. 5           8-5855
                  Diamond over D Well No. 6           8-5856
                  Diamond over D Well No. 7           8-5857
                     Franktown Lda-1 Well             8-8831
                       McLain A-1 Well                8-9904
</TABLE>


      8.    The name, address, and phone number of a contact person who will be
            responsible for the operation and accounting of this SWSP must be
            provided with the accounting forms to the Division Engineer and
            Water Commissioner.
<PAGE>
Kenneth N. Zaring and Patrick F. Mulhern, P.E.
December 16, 2004
Page 5

      9.    All diversions shall be measured in a manner acceptable to the
            Division Engineer. The Applicants shall install and maintain such
            measuring devices as required by the Division Engineer for operation
            of this SWSP.

      10.   Approval of this SWSP is for the purposes stated herein. The SEO
            must give prior approval for any additional uses for which the water
            may be proposed. The replacement water, which is the subject of this
            SWSP, cannot be sold or leased to any other entity during the term
            of this SWSP without prior approval of the Division Engineer.

      11.   This SWSP may be revoked or modified at any time should it be
            determined that injury to other vested water rights has occurred or
            will occur as a result of the operation of this SWSP.

      12.   Should this SWSP expire without renewal or be revoked prior to
            adjudication of a permanent plan for augmentation, all use of water
            under this SWSP must cease immediately.

      13.   Replacement water shall be made available to cover all
            out-of-priority depletions in time, location, and amount and
            otherwise prevent injury to other water rights and shall be made
            available under the direction and/or approval of the Water
            Commissioner.

      14.   In accordance with C.R.S. Section37-92-308(5)(a)(IV), the State
            Engineer has determined that the SWSP will prevent injury to other
            water rights and decreed conditional water rights, including water
            quality and continuity to meet the requirements of use to which the
            senior appropriation has been applied, and will not impair
            compliance with any interstate compacts.

      15.   The decision of the State Engineer shall have no precedential or
            evidentiary force, shall not create any presumptions, shift the
            burden of proof, or serve as a defense in any pending or prospective
            water court case or any other legal action that may be initiated
            concerning the SWSP. This decision shall not bind the state engineer
            to act in a similar manner in any other applications involving other
            SWSPs or in any proposed renewal of this SWSP, and shall not imply
            concurrence with any findings of fact or conclusions of law
            contained herein, or with the engineering methodologies used by the
            Applicants. Any appeal of this decision made by the State Engineer
            concerning the proposed SWSP pursuant to C.R.S. Section37-92-308(5)
            shall be to the Division 1 water judge within thirty days of the
            date of this decision.

      Should you have any comments or questions, please contact Dave Nettles,
Assistant Division Engineer in Greeley at 970-352-8712 or Joanna Williams in
this office.

                              Sincerely,



                              Dick Wolfe, P.E.
                              Chief of Water Supply

Attachment:  Exhibit H

cc:   Dave Nettles, Assistant Division Engineer
      Mark Trivisonno, District 8 Water Commissioner
      Parker Water and Sanitation District
      AscentPointe Development, LLC


