
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

                   ResCare Completes TTI America Transaction

     LOUISVILLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 20, 2004--ResCare, Inc. (NASDAQ/NM:RSCR),
the nation's leading provider of residential, training, educational and support
services for special needs youth and persons with disabilities, announced today
it has completed the acquisition of TTI America (TTI), a training and employment
company doing business in California and Florida. The company, headquartered in
Van Nuys, Calif., provides services to adults who have lost their jobs or face
some barrier to employment. TTI is expected to generate $20 million in annual
revenue and will become part of ResCare's Division for Training Services' Arbor
E&T.
     TTI's services are provided primarily through "one-stop" programs, which
are convenient service sites that enable job seekers and employers to receive
government assistance, employment or training-related services at a single
location.
     "The expansion of our adult education and training services through TTI
makes ResCare the second largest one-stop operator in the nation," said Ronald
G. Geary, ResCare chairman, president and chief executive officer. "We consider
our role in guiding people toward successful futures as a great responsibility
and privilege and a natural extension of our core services."
     ResCare, founded in 1974, offers services to some 34,000 people in 33
states, Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico and Canada. ResCare is a human service
company that provides residential, therapeutic, job training and educational
supports to people with developmental or other disabilities, to youth with
special needs and to adults who are experiencing barriers to employment. The
Company is based in Louisville, KY. More information about ResCare is available
on the Company's web site at http://www.rescare.com.
     The Company from time to time makes forward-looking statements in its
public disclosures, including statements relating to revenues that might be
expected from new or acquired programs and facilities, other statements
regarding development and acquisition activities, statements regarding
reimbursement under federal and state programs and statements regarding various
trends favoring downsizing, deinstitutionalization and privatization of
government programs. In the Company's filings under the federal securities laws,
including its annual, periodic and current reports, the Company identifies
important factors that could cause the Company's results to differ materially
from those contained in such forward-looking statements. Reference is hereby
made to such disclosures.

     CONTACT: ResCare, Inc.
              Nel Taylor, 502-394-2100

