


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K


                                 CURRENT REPORT

                     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934

                Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
                                DECEMBER 15, 2004

                              KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN
               ---------------------------------------------------
               (Exact name of company as specified in its charter)


          DELAWARE                      1-4717                  44-0663509
- ----------------------------   ------------------------   ----------------------
(State or other jurisdiction   (Commission file number)       (IRS Employer
      of incorporation)                                   Identification Number)


                427 West 12th Street, Kansas City, Missouri 64105
               ---------------------------------------------------
               (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)


               Registrant's telephone number, including area code:
               ---------------------------------------------------
                                (816) 983 - 1303


                                 Not Applicable
          ------------------------------------------------------------
          (Former name or former address if changed since last report)

Check  the  appropriate  box  below  if the  Form  8-K  filing  is  intended  to
simultaneously  satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

[ ]  Written communications  pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
     CFR 230.425)

[x]  Soliciting  material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
     240.14a-12)

[ ]  Pre-commencement  communications  pursuant  to Rule  14d-2(b)  under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ]  Pre-commencement  communications  pursuant  to Rule  13e-4(c)  under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

<PAGE>


ITEM 1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT

     On December  15, 2004,  Kansas City  Southern  ("KCS") and Grupo TMM,  S.A.
("TMM") announced that they had entered into an Amended and Restated Acquisition
Agreement (the "Amended Acquisition  Agreement") on that date for KCS to acquire
control of TFM, S.A. de C.V.  ("TFM").  A copy of the press release  making this
announcement is attached as Exhibit 99.1.

     Since 1997,  pursuant to a joint  venture  agreement  (which  terminated on
December  1,  2003),  and  other  agreements,  entered  into  by  KCS  and  TMM,
subsidiaries  of KCS  and  TMM  have  owned,  along  with  Mexican  governmental
agencies,  interests in Grupo Transportacion  Ferroviaria Mexicana, S.A. de C.V.
("Grupo  TFM").  Grupo TFM is the owner of 80% of the stock of TFM,  and 100% of
its full voting  stock.  TFM holds the  concession to operate,  and operates,  a
major rail system located in the north and central portions of Mexico.  In 1995,
KCS acquired from TMM 49% of the stock of Mexrail,  Inc.  ("Mexrail"),  owner of
100% of the  voting  stock of The  Texas-Mexican  Railway  Company  ("Tex-Mex").
Tex-Mex operates a 157 mile rail line from Laredo to Corpus Christi,  Texas, and
connects the  operations of The Kansas City Southern  Railway  Company  ("KCSR")
with TFM.  Tex-Mex  connects  with TFM at Laredo and  connects  to KCSR  through
trackage rights at Beaumont,  Texas.  Mexrail also owns the northern half of the
international  railway bridge at Laredo, Texas. TFM, through its concession with
the Mexican  government,  has the right to control and operate the southern half
of the rail-bridge at Laredo.  In March,  2002, KCS and TMM sold their interests
in Mexrail to TFM,  with KCS receiving  approximately  $31.4 million for its 49%
interest in Mexrail.

     On August 16, 2004,  KCS  reacquired  from TFM 51% of the shares of Mexrail
for  approximately  $32.7 million and deposited the Mexrail shares into a voting
trust pending  resolution  of KCS's  application  to the Surface  Transportation
Board  ("STB")  seeking  authority to exercise  common  control over Tex-Mex and
KCS's other rail companies,  KCSR and the Gateway Eastern Railway  Company.  The
STB approved KCS's application on November 29, 2004 and the decision will become
effective  on  December  29,  2004.  KCS intends to  dissolve  the voting  trust
following  effectiveness  of the STB  decision  and the  Mexrail  shares will be
released  by the voting  trust to KCS on January 1, 2005.  KCS has an  exclusive
option to purchase  from TFM on or before  October 31, 2005 the remaining 49% of
the shares of Mexrail. If KCS does not fully exercise this option by October 31,
2005, KCS is obligated to purchase any remaining shares on October 31, 2005. The
purchase  price for the  remaining  49% of the Mexrail  shares is  approximately
$31.4 million.

AMENDED ACQUISITION AGREEMENT

     The Amended  Acquisition  Agreement,  dated  December 15, 2004,  amends and
restates  the  acquisition  agreement  entered  into by KCS and TMM on April 20,
2003.  The  parties  to the  Amended  Acquisition  Agreement  are  KCS  and  its
subsidiaries,  KARA Sub,  Inc.  ("KARA  Sub"),  KCS  Investment  I,  Ltd.  ("KCS
Investment"),   KCS  Acquisition   Subsidiary,   Inc.  ("KCS  Sub")  and  Caymex
Transportation, Inc. ("Caymex"), TMM and its subsidiaries, TMM Holdings, S.A. de
C.V. ("TMMH"), TMM Multimodal, S.A. de C.V. ("MM"), and Grupo TFM.

     Pursuant  to the  Amended  Acquisition  Agreement  for the  acquisition  of
control of Grupo TFM, TFM and their subsidiaries (the  "Acquisition"),  KCS will
acquire all of the interest of TMM (held by its subsidiary, MM) in Grupo TFM for
the  following  consideration:  (i)  at the  closing  of  the  Acquisition  (the
"Closing"), $200 million in cash and 18,000,000 shares of KCS Common Stock; (ii)
upon  resolution  of  certain  proceedings  related  to TFM's  VAT claim and the
Mexican  government's Put (defined  below),  payments up to $110 million in cash
and KCS Common Stock (the "VAT Contingency Payment");  and (iii) at the Closing,
KCS  promissory  notes in the  aggregate  principal  amount of $47 million  (the
"Indemnity  Escrow  Notes")  which will be deposited  in an escrow  account (the
"Indemnity  Escrow") and held, reduced and released in accordance with the terms
of an indemnity escrow agreement (the "Indemnity  Escrow  Agreement").  At KCS's
option,  KCS may convert the remaining  balance due under the  Indemnity  Escrow
Notes into  shares of KCS Common  Stock on the terms set forth in the  Indemnity
Escrow Notes. A copy of the form of Indemnity  Escrow Note is attached hereto as
Exhibit 10.2. The cash,  notes and securities have

<PAGE>

been  placed  into  escrow to be  delivered  in  accordance  with the terms of a
closing escrow agreement (the "Closing Escrow Agreement").

     The obligations of KCS and TMM to complete the Acquisition are subject to a
number of conditions,  including  approval by KCS's stockholders of the issuance
of KCS  Common  Stock in  connection  with the  Acquisition.  TMM's  controlling
shareholders  have entered into and amended voting trusts  pursuant to which the
trustees  have been  irrevocably  instructed to vote such shares in favor of the
Amended Acquisition Agreement and related transactions.  The Amended Acquisition
Agreement  is  subject  to  termination  prior  to  the  Closing  under  certain
circumstances.  A  termination  fee of $18  million  is  payable in the event of
termination of the Amended Acquisition Agreement under certain circumstances.

     The Amended Acquisition Agreement also contains indemnification  provisions
pursuant to which the  Parties  will  indemnify  each other and certain of their
affiliates  against  certain losses and tax  liabilities.  KCS and TMM have also
agreed that upon Closing of the Acquisition all litigation  between them will be
dismissed.

     Upon completion of the Acquisition,  KCS will acquire TMM's right, and will
assume TMM's obligations to make any required payment,  upon the exercise by the
Mexican  government  of its right to compel the  purchase of its 20% interest in
TFM (the "Put") and will indemnify TMM and its affiliates,  and their respective
officers,  directors,   employees  and  shareholders,   against  obligations  or
liabilities relating thereto.

     KCS and  Harris  Trust & Savings  Bank,  as  Rights  Agent  will  amend the
Stockholder  Rights Agreement dated September 19, 1995 (the "Rights  Agreement")
to, among other things,  amend the definition of "Acquiring  Person" so that the
Acquisition will not trigger the rights under the Rights Agreement.

     The description of the Amended Acquisition Agreement and related documents,
contained  herein, is qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the
documents attached hereto as exhibits.

     In connection with the Acquisition,  except as otherwise indicated, KCS has
entered into, effective as of the Closing, the following additional agreements:

STOCKHOLDERS' AGREEMENT

     This  agreement,   with  TMM,  certain  subsidiaries  of  TMM  and  certain
stockholders  of  TMM  (the  "Principal   Stockholders")   contains   standstill
provisions,   restrictions  on  transfer   provisions  and  pre-emptive   rights
provisions with respect to TMM, such subsidiaries,  the Principal  Stockholders,
and  their  respective  affiliates  who are then  holders  of KCS  Common  Stock
(collectively,  the "TMM  Holders").  Under the standstill  provisions,  the TMM
Holders agree not to (i) acquire (other than in connection  with the Acquisition
or  pursuant  to  the  Stockholders'  Agreement  or  the  Consulting  Agreement)
aggregate beneficial ownership of more than 20% of the Total Voting Power of KCS
(as  defined  in the  Stockholders'  Agreement),  (ii)  propose  any  matter for
submission to a vote of stockholders of KCS or participate in making, or solicit
stockholders  for the  approval  of, any  stockholder  proposal,  grant  certain
proxies with respect to any voting  securities  of KCS, or (iii) seek to control
or influence  materially the management,  Board of Directors or policies of KCS.
The transfer  restrictions prohibit the TMM Holders from certain dispositions of
voting  securities of KCS which they hold (i) to a competitor of KCS, (ii) to an
affiliate  unless  the  affiliate  agrees to be bound by the  provisions  of the
Stockholders'  Agreement,  (iii) that in the aggregate  represents 5% or more of
the  outstanding  voting  securities of KCS, or (iv) to any person or group that
would,  after giving effect to such  acquisition,  beneficially  own or have the
right to acquire  more than 15% of the Total  Voting  Power of KCS. In addition,
the TMM Holders may not dispose of any capital stock or voting securities of KCS
or control of any person that,  directly or  indirectly,  beneficially  owns any
voting  securities of KCS to a competitor of KCS, except as otherwise  permitted
by the Stockholders'  Agreement.  The standstill provisions and the restrictions
on transfer provisions apply for a period of seven years from the effective date
of  the  Stockholders'  Agreement,   subject  to  earlier  termination  of  such
provisions  under certain  circumstances.  The TMM Holders'  pre-emptive  rights
under the Stockholders'  Agreement  terminate on the earlier to occur of (i) the
date that the TMM Holders beneficially own in

<PAGE>

the aggregate less than 40% of the voting  securities of KCS initially  acquired
by MM  pursuant  to the  Amended  Acquisition  Agreement;  or (ii)  three  years
following the effective date of the Stockholders' Agreement.

     The  Stockholders'  Agreement  also  requires the TMM Holders to vote their
shares of KCS in favor of the KCS Board of Directors' slate of director nominees
and against any proposal to remove any director  nominated by the KCS Nominating
and Corporate Governance  Committee (the "Nominating  Committee") and elected to
the KCS Board of Directors by KCS stockholders.  Subject to specific termination
provisions contained in the Stockholders'  Agreement,  the agreement (with a few
exceptions) terminates when the TMM Holders' ownership, for 30 consecutive days,
falls  below 40% of the 18 million  shares of KCS Common  Stock  acquired at the
Closing of the Acquisition.

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

     This  agreement  with TMM,  MM and  certain of the  Principal  Stockholders
provides TMM, MM, such  Principal  Stockholders  and Permitted  Transferees  (as
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) (collectively, the "Holders") with
registration  rights with respect to shares of KCS Common Stock issued  pursuant
to the Amended  Acquisition  Agreement and the Consulting  Agreement  (described
below) and shares otherwise  acquired upon the exercise of pre-emptive rights in
compliance  with  the  Stockholders'  Agreement.   Pursuant  to  the  terms  and
conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement, the Holders will have the right
to request at any time prior to the five year  anniversary of the effective date
of the  Registration  Rights Agreement up to six demand  registrations  upon the
request of Holders of 10% or more of the shares of Registrable  Stock.  However,
KCS will not be required to file more than one "shelf registration." The Holders
will also be entitled to unlimited incidental,  or "piggy-back,"  registrations.
This agreement also contains certain indemnification  provisions under which KCS
will be obligated to indemnify  certain  persons  against certain losses and KCS
will be entitled to indemnification against certain losses from the Holders.

CONSULTING AGREEMENT

     This agreement with Jose F. Serrano  International  Business,  S.A. de C.V.
(the  "Consulting  Firm")  provides for the Consulting  Firm to provide  certain
consulting  services to the KCS Board of Directors.  Jose F. Serrano  Segovia is
required under the terms of the Consulting  Agreement to be personally  involved
in the provision of services by the consulting  firm.  The Consulting  Agreement
has a term of three years  commencing  on the first  business day  following the
Closing Date. Subject to the limitations set forth in the Consulting  Agreement,
KCS will pay to the  Consulting  Firm an annual fee of  $3,000,000  in cash.  In
addition,  upon the resolution of certain disputes with the Mexican  government,
KCS will pay to the Consulting  Firm $9,000,000 (the "VAT Claim and Put Advisory
Fee"). Such amount may be paid, at KCS's election,  in cash or KCS Common Stock.
The Consulting  Agreement contains certain restrictions on transfer of shares of
KCS Common Stock.

MARKETING AND SERVICES AGREEMENT.

     This  agreement by and among TMM Logistics,  S.A. de C.V. ("TMM  Logistics"
and together with its subsidiaries,  affiliates and joint venture companies, the
"Parent  Group"),  TFM and The Kansas City Southern  Railway Company ("KCSR" and
together with its subsidiaries and affiliates the "KCS Group"),  provides, among
other things,  that the KCS Group will provide certain services to any member of
the Parent Group on terms which are no less favorable than the terms provided to
other  Logistics  Companies  (as defined in the  agreement),  subject to certain
exceptions. It also sets forth certain rights of the Parent Group to provide, be
preferred to provide,  or make a bid to provide,  certain services.  The initial
term of the Marketing and Services  Agreement is for five years beginning on the
Closing Date, and will be  automatically  renewed for periods of one year unless
terminated by the Parent Group or the KCS Group or automatically terminated. The
agreement  automatically  terminates  in  the  event  (i)  TMM  Logistics  files
bankruptcy proceedings,  or has filed against it any bankruptcy proceedings that
are not  dismissed or stayed  within 30 days, or (ii) a change of control of the
Parent  Group  occurs  and the  party  effecting  the  change  of  control  is a
competitor  of KCS. The agreement may also be terminated by TFM or the KCS Group
under certain

<PAGE>

circumstances.  This agreement also contains mutual  indemnification  provisions
against  losses  by an  indemnified  party  resulting  from  any  breach  of any
warranty, representation,  covenant or obligation of an indemnifying party under
the Marketing and Services Agreement.

AGREEMENT OF ASSIGNMENT  AND  ASSUMPTION OF RIGHTS,  AND AGENCY  AGREEMENT  WITH
UNDISCLOSED PRINCIPAL, DUTIES AND OBLIGATIONS

     This  agreement  with TMM and Grupo TFM,  provides for the  assignment  and
transfer by TMM to KCS, and the  acceptance  and assumption by KCS, of TMM's and
Grupo TFM's rights,  duties and obligations  with respect to the purchase of the
TFM limited  voting shares from the Mexican  government  under the Put Agreement
(defined below). The potential  obligation to purchase the Mexican  government's
20% interest in TFM arises under the original TFM share purchase  agreement,  as
amended by an agreement entered into by and among the Federal  Government of the
United  Mexican  States,  Grupo  TFM,  TMM  and  KCS,  referred  to as the  "Put
Agreement."  Following an adverse final  resolution of the declaratory  judgment
lawsuit currently pending in Mexico seeking a judicial interpretation of the Put
obligation, or the lifting of the injunction issued by the Mexican court pending
its final  decision,  the Mexican  government may put its 20% interest in TFM to
Grupo TFM. In the event that Grupo TFM does not under those  circumstances  then
purchase the Mexican government's 20% interest in TFM, TMM and KCS, or either of
TMM or KCS alone,  would,  following  notification by the Mexican  government in
accordance with the terms of the applicable agreements, be obligated to purchase
the  Mexican  government's  remaining  interest in TFM.  If the  Acquisition  is
completed prior to the purchase of the Mexican government's interest in TFM, KCS
will be solely responsible for purchasing the Mexican  government's 20% interest
in TFM.

CERTAIN ANCILLARY  AGREEMENTS TO THE AMENDED  ACQUISITION  AGREEMENT AND CERTAIN
RELATED AGREEMENTS

     In connection with the Acquisition, KCS has entered into escrow agreements,
dated and effective as of December 15, 2004, that contain  provisions  regarding
the holding, in some cases the reduction,  and the release,  of cash,  documents
and securities placed into escrow.  These escrow agreements  include the Closing
Escrow Agreement, the Indemnity Escrow Agreement and a VAT escrow agreement (the
"VAT  Escrow  Agreement,"  governing  the  holding  and release of a $40 million
promissory note (the "VAT Escrow Note") constituting part of the VAT Contingency
Payment)  and an escrow  agreement  governing  the  holding  and  release of the
$9,000,000  total amount of annual fee payable to Consulting Firm over the three
year term of the  Consulting  Agreement  (the  "Consulting  Compensation  Escrow
Agreement").  The other  parties to the  Closing  Escrow  Agreement  and the VAT
Escrow Agreement are KARA Sub, KCS Investment,  KCS Sub,  Caymex,  TMM, TMMH, MM
and The Bank of Nova Scotia of New York as the escrow  agent.  The other parties
to the Indemnity  Escrow  Agreement are KARA Sub, KCS Investment,  Caymex,  TMM,
TMMH, MM and The Bank of Nova Scotia of New York as the escrow agent.  The other
parties to the Consulting  Compensation Escrow Agreement are Consulting Firm and
The Bank of Nova Scotia of New York as escrow  agent.  KCS has also entered into
an agreement,  dated and effective as of December 15, 2004,  which  provides for
KCS to grant releases to certain  persons from all claims in connection with (i)
certain  powers of attorney  purportedly  granted by the TFM Board of Directors,
(ii) the purported approval by the Grupo TFM Board of Directors of the purported
execution of certain agreements by TFM, and (iii) the purported  ratification of
the TFM Board of Directors of the purported  execution of certain  agreements by
TFM (the  "Authority  Litigation").  The releases  will become  effective and be
released  from escrow to the parties  entitled to receive them at the Closing in
accordance  with the  terms  of the  Closing  Escrow  Agreement.  The  Authority
Litigation Agreement further provides that within 10 days after the Closing, KCS
will  request  that  actions  in  the  Authority   Litigation   against  certain
individuals be dismissed. KCS may reinitiate actions in the Authority Litigation
against the released persons under certain  circumstances.  In addition, KCS has
entered into an agreement,  dated and  effective as of December 15, 2004,  which
provides  for TMM,  TMMH and MM to  indemnify  certain KCS  indemnitees  against
losses from certain  proceedings  brought against any such KCS indemnitee by TMM
security holders in connection with the Acquisition.

ITEM 3.02 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

     As  noted  in  Item  1.01  above,  pursuant  to the  terms  of the  Amended
Acquisition  Agreement,  KCS  is  obligated  to  issue  at  the  Closing  of the
Acquisition 18,000,000 shares of KCS Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, in
partial  consideration  for the shares of Grupo TFM being acquired by KCS in the
Acquisition.

<PAGE>

     Additionally,  as noted in Item  1.01  above,  on the later to occur of the
Closing of the Acquisition and the successful  resolution of certain proceedings
related to TFM's VAT claim and the Mexican government's Put, KCS is obligated to
pay up to $35 million of the VAT  Contingency  Payment,  reduced as set forth in
the Amended Acquisition  Agreement,  in shares of KCS Common Stock.  Pursuant to
the Amended Acquisition Agreement, at that time, KCS is obligated to issue up to
that number of shares of KCS Common Stock,  valued at the Volume  Weighted Price
(defined below), as equals $35 million (as it may be reduced).  Further,  KCS is
obligated to convert on the fifth anniversary of the Closing of the Acquisition,
or such earlier date as KCS deems appropriate,  the $40 million VAT Escrow Note,
as it may be reduced in  connection  with certain  indemnity  claims,  into that
number of shares of KCS Common Stock, valued at the Volume Weighted Price, equal
to the remaining  principal  amount of the VAT Escrow as of such date. Under the
Amended  Acquisition  Agreement,  the Volume  Weighted  Price  means the average
trading price per share for KCS Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange,  as
reported on the Bloomberg (VAP  function),  for the 20 consecutive  trading days
immediately  preceding the later of (i) the date of Closing of the  Acquisition,
or (ii) the date of the public  announcement  by KCS of the final  resolution of
the such proceedings. The exact number of shares of KCS Common Stock that KCS is
obligated to issue in  connection  with the VAT  Contingency  Payment  cannot be
determined until the later of the date of Closing of the Acquisition or the date
of such public announcement.

     KCS may, but is not  obligated to, issue shares of KCS Common Stock in lieu
of (i)  any  portion  of  the  $35  million  cash  payment  portion  of the  VAT
Contingency  Payment,  (ii) all or any portion of the remaining amount due under
the Indemnity  Escrow Notes and (iii) the  $9,000,000 VAT Claim and Put Advisory
Fee under the Consulting Agreement.

     All of the shares of KCS  Common  Stock  discussed  above will be issued in
reliance on the exemption from the  registration  requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933 provided by Section  4(2).  The issuances of such shares by KCS does
not involve a public  offering of  securities  as the  issuances  are only to MM
pursuant  to the  Amended  Acquisition  Agreement  and, if so elected by KCS, to
Consulting Firm pursuant to the Consulting Agreement. Disposition of such shares
will be restricted by the Stockholders'  Agreement and the certificates for such
shares will bear a transfer restriction legend.

ITEM 9.01 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

(C)  EXHIBITS

     EXHIBIT NO.                DOCUMENT

        (10)                 MATERIAL CONTRACTS

        10.1                 Amended Acquisition Agreement

        10.2                 Form of Indemnity Escrow Note

        10.3                 Stockholders' Agreement

        10.4                 Registration Rights Agreement

        10.5                 Consulting Agreement

        10.6                 Marketing and Services Agreement

        10.7                 Form of VAT Escrow Note

<PAGE>

        10.8                 Closing Escrow Agreement

        10.9                 Indemnity Escrow Agreement

        10.10                VAT Escrow Agreement

        10.11                Consulting Compensation Escrow Agreement

        10.12                Agreement of Assignment and Assumption of Rights,
                             and Agency Agreement with Undisclosed Principal,
                             Duties and Obligations

        (99)                 ADDITIONAL EXHIBITS

        99.1                 Press release dated December 15, 2004.

<PAGE>

                                    SIGNATURE

Pursuant  to the  requirements  of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  the
registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                          Kansas City Southern

Date: December 20, 2004                By:      /s/ James S. Brook
                                          ---------------------------------
                                                  James S. Brook
                                          Vice President and Comptroller
                                          (Principal Accounting Officer)








