
                                                                    Exhibit 10.6


                        MARKETING AND SERVICES AGREEMENT

     This  MARKETING  AND  SERVICES  AGREEMENT  (the  "Agreement")  dated  as of
December 15, 2004, but to become effective as hereinafter  provided,  is made by
and among TMM  LOGISTICS,  S.A. DE C.V.  (the  "Parent"  and,  together with its
Subsidiaries  (as defined  herein),  Affiliates  (as  defined  herein) and joint
venture  companies,  the "Parent  Group"),  TFM, S.A. DE C.V.,  (the  "Operating
Company") and THE KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN  RAILWAY  COMPANY  ("KCS") and,  together
with its Subsidiaries (including the Operating Company and its Subsidiaries) and
Affiliates,   the  "KCS  Group")  (the  Parent  Group  and  the  KCS  Group  are
collectively referred to as the "Parties;" and each individually, a "Party").

     WHEREAS,   Parent  and  KCS  are   stockholders  of  Grupo   Transportacion
Ferroviaria Mexicana, S.A. de C.V. ("GTFM"),  which is the parent company of the
Operating Company;

     WHEREAS,  the Parent Group is engaged in certain operations,  including the
provision of logistics  services,  the operation of intermodal  facilities,  the
operation of port  facilities,  the operation of maritime  services and, through
the Operating Company,  the operation of rail services in Mexico connecting with
US and other Mexican rail service  providers  and certain of these  services are
provided  by  members  of the  Parent  Group to the  Operating  Company  and its
Subsidiaries;

     WHEREAS,  Parent  and KCS  have  entered  into  the  Amended  and  Restated
Acquisition  Agreement,  dated as of [ ],  2004 (the  "Acquisition  Agreement"),
pursuant  to which  KCS will  acquire  all of the  interest  of  Parent  and its
Subsidiaries in GTFM; and

     WHEREAS,  this Agreement is one of the Ancillary  Agreements (as defined in
the AAA) referred to in the AAA.

     NOW  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual  agreements and covenants
contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be
legally bound hereby, agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   DEFINITIONS

     "Affiliate"  means,  with  respect to any person,  any other  person  that,
directly  or  indirectly  through  one  or  more  intermediaries,  controls,  is
controlled by, or is under common control with such person. For purposes of this
Agreement,  "control"  means the power or  ability,  to  control  or direct  the
affairs of any person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, or by
contract,  and  the  terms  "controlled  by" and  "common  control"  shall  have
correlative meanings.

     "Competitor" shall mean Canadian National Railway, Canadian Pacific Railway
Company,  Union Pacific  Corporation,  Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation,
CSX Corporation,  Norfolk Southern Corp.,  Ferrocarril  Mexicano,  S.A. de C.V.,
Ferrocarril del Sureste,  S.A. de C.V., Grupo Mexico, S.A. de C.V., the Anschutz
Corporation  and any other Person who

<PAGE>

operates a railroad in the United States, Mexico or Canada after the date hereof
which, if operated in the United States would be regarded as a Class 1 railroad,
Hub Group, Inc., Pacer International,  Inc. and any of the respective successors
or Affiliates of any of the foregoing.

     "Improper  Conduct"  shall mean any act which has  resulted  in harm to the
assets or business of the Operating  Company or the KCS Group or which  involved
the receipt of a material improper benefit by any person.

     "Logistics  Companies"  shall mean a third  party  company or fourth  party
company  that  (i) is not a rail  carrier  or  shipper  and (ii)  which,  as the
majority of its business,  arranges for the transportation of goods, manages the
supply chain (including, but not limited to, inventory management,  warehousing,
packaging  of  goods,  consolidating  and  de-consolidating  of  products,  line
feeding,  pick-up and delivery of goods and all kind of transportation) of goods
for others.

     "MFN  Services"  shall mean any  intermodal  services  (including,  without
limitation,  Trailer  on Flat Car  (TOFC),  Container  on Flat Car  (COFC),  and
Road-Railer  services)  that  originate  or terminate in Mexico or are ramped or
de-ramped  at the border of the United  States  and the  United  Mexican  States
("UMS") and intermodal  services  relating to the  transportation of automobiles
that originate and terminate within Mexico.

     "Subsidiary" of any person shall mean (i) in the case of a corporation, any
other  person  who owns  more  than 50% of the  voting  securities  of which is,
directly or indirectly,  beneficially owned by such person (ii) in the case of a
partnership or a limited liability company, any person in which such person is a
general partner or managing member, as the case may be, or owns more than 50% of
the ownership interests therein,  and (iii) in the case of any other person, any
other  person  in  which  such  person  owns  more  than  50% of the  voting  or
controlling equity interests in such person.

     Terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings  ascribed to them
in the AAA.

                                   ARTICLE II

                         MOST FAVORED NATIONS PROVISIONS

     Pursuant to the terms,  conditions  and provisions of this  Agreement,  the
Parties shall,  as the case may be, perform the following  marketing and related
services  and/or  enjoy  the  following  rights   pertaining  to  the  following
prescribed services (the "Services and Rights"):

     Section 2.1 MOST FAVORED NATIONS ARRANGEMENT.

          (a)  During the Term,  the KCS Group  shall,  upon the  request of any
     member of the Parent  Group,  provide to any member of the Parent Group any
     of the MFN Services,  as defined in Section 2.2 hereof,  that the KCS Group
     or the  Operating  Company is presently  providing  or  hereafter  provides
     within,  to or from  Mexico on terms which are no less  favorable  than the
     terms for like  volumes and  services on which such MFN Services are at the
     time provided to Logistics Companies. The terms of this Agreement shall not
     apply to any  traffic to which an Most  Favored  Nations  clause  which was
     entered into prior to the time KCS acquires control of TFM applies.

          (b) The rights of the Parent  Group under this Section 2.1 may not be,
     in whole or in part, directly or indirectly sold, transferred,  assigned or
     otherwise  conveyed by the Parent Group or any member  thereof to any other
     Person  other than to any  Affiliate  of the Parent Group who has agreed in
     writing to be bound by all of the  provisions of this  Agreement and a copy
     of such writing has been  delivered to Operating  Company.  For purposes of
     this  Agreement  a merger of Parent or another  member of the Parent  Group
     with another person will constitute an indirect transfer unless, after such
     merger:  (1) such other  person is an  Affiliate of the Parent Group or (2)
     persons  who in the  aggregate  control a majority  of the voting  stock of
     Parent or an Affiliate of Parent controls a majority of the voting stock of
     such other person.

          (c)  Notwithstanding  subsection  (a) of this Section 2.1 or any other
     provision  of this  Agreement  to the  contrary,  in the event that the KCS
     Group determines that there is an economic benefit to any member of the KCS
     Group from not  complying  with Section  2.1(a) with regard to any specific
     shipper,   then,   upon  written  notice  to  the  Parent  Group  expressly
     referencing  this Section 2.1(c) and stating that KCS Group will not comply
     with Section 2.1(a) with respect to said shipper, such non-compliance shall
     be excused with respect to said shipper for the term of this  Agreement and
     the Operating  Company's and KCS Group's failure to comply with Section 2.1
     shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Agreement. In the event that KCS
     Group gives such a written notice to the Parent Group more than three times
     during the Initial Term of this Agreement,  then the written notice must be
     accompanied  by  a  payment  in  the  amount  of  Fifty  Thousand   Dollars
     (US$50,000.00) for the written notice to be effective to excuse performance
     under Section 2.1(a).

     Section 2.2. EXCLUSIVE RIGHT TO PROVIDE  ROAD-RAILER  SERVICES.  During the
Term of this  Agreement,  the  Parent  Group  shall  have  the  right  to be the
exclusive provider of Road-Railer  freight services over the Operating Company's
rail system within Mexico,  including the Nuevo Laredo-Mexico City corridor. The
KCS  Group  agrees  that it will not  sell,  market or  otherwise  provide  such
services  either  directly  or  indirectly  through  any other  person  over the
Operating Company's rail system within Mexico, including the Nuevo Laredo-Mexico
City corridor.  All of the prices charged to customers by Operating  Company for
such services  shall be determined  from time to time by the Operating  Company.
Parent Group agrees not to: (i) permit any third party,  directly or  indirectly
to use all or any part of the rights  granted in this section under the guise of
doing  its own  business  or (ii) to make any  agreement  to  handle  as its own
Road-Railer  equipment  of any other third  party which in the normal  course of
business would not be considered the equipment of Parent Group.

     Section 2.3. INTERMODAL SERVICES.  To the extent that the Operating Company
determines to utilize a third party to operate its intermodal  terminals  within
Mexico or to provide  other  services  of the type which are the subject of this
Agreement (including, without limitation,  inspection, pre-trip, repair of cars,
chassises, trailers and containers,  finished vehicles yard management,  loading
and  unloading  of cars  from  railcars)  at any  time  during  the Term of this
Agreement,  the Parent Group, to the extent that the members of the Parent Group
actually  perform such services with their own employees,  shall be preferred to
operate such intermodal terminals or to provide such services over any unrelated
third party,  provided,  in the Operating  Company's sole judgement,  reasonably
exercised,  that the standards of service and performance  offered by the Parent
Group are at least as high as those  offered by such  unrelated  third party and
that the parent Group shall have  offered to provide such  services on terms and
conditions  at least as favorable to the

<PAGE>

Operating Company as those offered by the unrelated third party. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the KCS Group shall have the sole right at any time and from time
to time to determine  whether it shall operate any such intermodal  terminals or
provide  such  services in the United  States or Mexico  directly or through its
Subsidiaries.

     Section 2.4. ADDITIONAL  TRANSPORTATION  RELATED SERVICES. If the Operating
Company and its  Subsidiaries  and  Affiliates  determine at any time during the
Term to have  transportation  logistics  services  provided by any  unaffiliated
third party in Mexico which are at the time provided by any member of the Parent
Group within Mexico or the United  States  through its own  employees,  then the
Parent  Group  shall  have  the  right to make a bid for the  provision  of such
services.  In order to allow the Parent Group an adequate  opportunity to make a
bid  for  the  provision  of  such  services,  the  Operating  Company  and  its
Subsidiaries  and Affiliates  shall invite the Parent Group at the time it seeks
bids for such services from any unaffiliated  third party,  providing the Parent
Group with at least the same notice that is provided to any  unaffiliated  third
party. Such services shall include, but are not limited to:

          (a) Drayage from intermodal  terminals to intermodal final destination
     and vice versa;

          (b) Logistic  coordination  for intermodal  traffic when provided to a
     third party; and

          (c)  Cross-dock  and  warehousing  operations  when  provided to third
     parties.

                                   ARTICLE III

                            COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES

     Section  3.1.  COMPLIANCE  WITH LAW.  Each Party  shall  perform all of its
activities,  obligations and responsibilities  contemplated under this Agreement
in compliance with all Applicable Laws.

     Section 3.2. COOPERATION. Each Party shall cooperate and work in good faith
with the other Party or Parties, as the case may be, to perform and maintain the
services described in this Agreement as promptly as possible.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PARTIES

     As of the date of this  Agreement,  and  throughout  the Term,  each  Party
hereby represents and warrants to the other Parties the following:

     Section  4.1.  DUE  ORGANIZATION  AND  GOOD  STANDING.   Each  Party  is  a
corporation,  duly organized,  validly existing, and is qualified and authorized
to  transact  business  in,  and is in good  standing  under  the laws  of,  the
jurisdiction of its organization  and each  jurisdiction in which it performs or
will  perform  its  obligations  under this  Agreement,  or is  otherwise  doing
business or is otherwise exempt under Applicable Law from such qualification.

     Section 4.2. AUTHORITY AND CAPACITY.  Each Party represents that the person
executing

<PAGE>

this Agreement has the power,  authority and capacity to execute,  deliver,  and
perform its obligations  under this  Agreement,  and has been duly authorized by
all necessary corporate action.  This Agreement  constitutes a valid and legally
binding  agreement   enforceable  in  accordance  with  its  terms,  subject  to
bankruptcy  laws and other  similar  laws of general  application  in either the
United States or the UMS, as the case may be,  affecting rights of creditors and
subject to the  application  of the rules of equity of the United  States or the
UMS, as the case may be, including those respecting the availability of specific
performance.

     Section 4.3. CONSENT; LITIGATION. No consent or approval of any other Party
or any court or  governmental  authority  is  required  in  connection  with the
execution, delivery, performance,  validity or enforceability of this Agreement.
There is no pending claim,  cause of action,  governmental  action or litigation
that, if determined adversely,  would affect the representing Party's ability to
perform its obligations  hereunder.  This Agreement will not result in a default
under any other agreement to which the Parties are bound.

                                    ARTICLE V

               CUSTOMER PRIVACY AND CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION

     Section 5.1.  CONFIDENTIAL  INFORMATION.  Every Party and their  respective
affiliates,  directors, officers, employees, authorized representatives,  agents
and advisors (including without limitation, attorneys, accountants, consultants,
bankers  and  financial   advisors)  shall  keep  confidential  all  information
concerning  the  proprietary  business  procedures,  products,  rates  services,
operations,  marketing materials,  fees, policies or plans of the other Party or
Parties, as the case may be, and all "Nonpublic  Information" of the other Party
or  Parties,  as the  case may be,  that is  received  or  obtained  during  the
negotiation or performance of this Agreement,  whether such  information is oral
or  written,   and  whether  or  not  labeled  as  confidential  by  such  party
(collectively "Confidential Information"). "Nonpublic Information" shall include
all personally  identifiable  financial information and any list, description or
other grouping of consumers,  and publicly available  information  pertaining to
them, that is derived using any personally  identifiable  financial  information
that is not  publicly  available,  and  shall  further  include  all  "nonpublic
personal  information"  as  defined  by  federal  regulations  implementing  the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley  Act, as amended from time to time. "Personally  identifiable
financial  information"  means any information a consumer provides to a party in
order to  obtain  a  financial  product  or  service,  any  information  a party
otherwise  obtains  about a consumer in  connection  with  providing a financial
product  or  service  to that  consumer,  and any  information  about a consumer
resulting from any transaction  involving a financial product or service between
a party and a consumer. Personally identifiable information may include, without
limitation,  a consumer's first and last name, physical address, zip code, email
address,  phone  number,  social  security  number,  birth  date,  and any other
information that itself  identifies or when tied to the above  information,  may
identify a consumer.

     Section 5.2. USE OF CONFIDENTIAL  INFORMATION.  For as long as Confidential
Information is in possession of a Party, such Party shall take reasonable steps,
at least  substantially  equivalent  to the  steps it takes to  protect  its own
proprietary  information,  to prevent  the use,  duplication  or  disclosure  of
Confidential  Information,  other than, by or to its employees or agents who are
directly  involved in  negotiating  or  performing  this  Agreement  and who are
apprised of their  obligations  under this Section and directed by the receiving
Party to treat such

<PAGE>

information  confidentially,  or except as required  by law or by a  supervising
regulatory  agency of a receiving  Party (with  information as to the amount of,
and manner of calculating the Purchase Price redacted where permitted).  Neither
Party  shall  disclose,  share,  rent,  sell or  transfer to any third Party any
Confidential  Information of the other Party or Parties, as the case may be. The
Parties  shall use  Confidential  Information  only as necessary to perform this
Agreement.

     Section 5.3 EXCEPTIONS. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no
obligation  or  liability  shall  accrue  hereunder  with  respect to any of the
information to the extent that such information:

          (a) Is or becomes publicly available other than as a result of acts by
     a Party or by its representatives or agents in violation of this Agreement;
     or

          (b) Is in the  possession  of the Party or of its  representatives  or
     agents prior to disclosure; or

          (c) Is or  becomes  available  to a Party from a source  that,  to the
     Party's  knowledge,  is not bound by a  confidentiality  agreement with the
     prohibiting such disclosure; or

          (d) Is, on the advice of  counsel,  required to be  disclosed  by law,
     regulation,  judicial  order or by other  legal  process.  If so advised by
     counsel,  the Party  that is  required  to make the  disclosure  shall give
     prompt  written  notice  to the  other  Party,  shall  seek the  entry of a
     protective  order  or  otherwise   protect  the   confidentiality   of  the
     Confidential Information being disclosed, and, if a protective order cannot
     be obtained,  the disclosing Party shall only disclose that portion of such
     Confidential Information as it is legally required to disclose.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                              TERM AND TERMINATION

     Section 6.1.  TERM;  TERMINATION.  The initial term of this  Agreement (the
"Initial Term") shall be the period commencing on the Effective Date (as defined
in the AAA) of the Acquisition  and terminating on the fifth  anniversary of the
Effective Date; provided,  that thereafter this Agreement shall be automatically
renewed for periods of one (1) year unless either party gives written  notice of
intent to terminate to the other  parties not less than sixty (60) days prior to
expiration of the initial or any subsequent term. (The Initial Term as extended,
the "Term.")  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  this Agreement  shall  terminate
automatically in the event that (i) TMM Logistics files any voluntary proceeding
under  any  bankruptcy  laws,  or if TMM  Logistics  has  filed  against  it any
involuntary proceeding under any bankruptcy law which is not dismissed or stayed
within 30 days,  in either case  seeking the  adjudication  of TMM  Logistics as
bankrupt  or seeking the  appointment  of a receiver  for its assets,  or (ii) a
Change of Control of the Parent Group occurs and the party effecting such Change
of Control is a Competitor,  as defined in the AAA.  This  Agreement may also be
terminated  by the  Operating  Company  or the KCS Group in the  event  that the
Parent  Group  or  TMM  Logisitics,  or any  officer,  director  or  controlling
shareholder of any of the Parent Group or TMM Logistics, has engaged in Improper
Conduct.

                                   ARTICLE VII

<PAGE>

                                 INDEMNIFICATION

     Section 7.1 MUTUAL INDEMNITY. Every Party (in such capacity, referred to as
"Indemnitor")  shall indemnify and hold the other Party or Parties,  as the case
may be,  and their  respective  shareholders,  directors,  officers,  employees,
representatives,   agents,  servants,   successors,  and  assigns  (collectively
"Indemnitees")  harmless from and shall  reimburse  Indemnitees  for any losses,
damages,  deficiencies,  claims,  causes  of action or  expenses  of any  nature
(including  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and expenses)  incurred by  Indemnitees
arising  out of or  resulting  from any breach of any  warranty,  representation
covenant or obligation of Indemnitor under this Agreement.

     Section 7.2 INDEMNIFICATION  PROCEDURES.  After any Party obtains knowledge
of any claim,  action, suit or proceeding  (collectively a "Claim") for which it
believes  it is  entitled  to  indemnification  under this  Agreement,  it shall
promptly notify the other Party or Parties, as the case may be, of such Claim in
writing within ten (10) days after such  knowledge.  Every Party shall cooperate
with the other Party or Parties,  as the case may be, in every reasonable manner
(at the  Indemnitor's  sole  expense)  to  facilitate  the  defense of any Claim
subject to indemnification  hereunder.  Indemnitees'  failure to promptly notify
Indemnitor of a Claim shall not relieve the Indemnitor  from any liability under
this Section to the extent that Indemnitor is not materially  adversely affected
by such delay.  With respect to each such notice,  the Indemnitor  shall, at the
Indemnitees'  option,  immediately  take  all  reasonable  action  necessary  to
minimize  any  risk or  loss to the  Indemnitees,  including  retaining  counsel
satisfactory  to the  Indemnitees and taking such other actions as are necessary
to defend the Indemnitees or to discharge the indemnity  obligations  under this
Section.  If the Indemnitor does not timely and adequately conduct such defense,
the Indemnitees may, at their option and at Indemnitor's  expense,  conduct such
defense, contest, litigate or settle the Claim using counsel of their own choice
without  prejudice to their right of  indemnification  under this  Section.  The
Indemnitor shall pay on demand any liability  incurred by the Indemnitees  under
this Section. The Indemnitor shall not settle any claim in which the Indemnitees
are named without the prior written  consent of the  Indemnitees,  which consent
shall not be unreasonably  withheld.  The Indemnitees shall have the right to be
represented by counsel at their own expense in any contest, defense,  litigation
or settlement conducted by the Indemnitor pursuant to this Section.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

     Section 8.1  RELATIONSHIP.  The  relationships  among the Parties  shall be
those of independent contractors and no Party shall be or represent itself to be
an agent,  employee, or joint venturer of the other, nor shall any Party have or
represent  itself to have any power or authority to act for,  bind or commit the
other Party or Parties, as the case may be.

     Section 8.2  SURVIVAL.  The  provision of Sections 5, 7 and 8 shall survive
termination of this Agreement.

     Section 8.3 WAIVER OF DAMAGES.  NO PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY
FOR ANY ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,  INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT,

<PAGE>

PUNITIVE,  SPECIAL  OR  OTHER  DAMAGES  RELATED  IN  ANY  WAY  TO  THE  PARTIES'
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. OTHER THAN THE LIQUIDATED DAMAGES ON THE TERMS
EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN SECTION 2.1(c), THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE ONLY REMEDY
AVAILABLE TO EITHER PARTY UNDER THIS  AGREEMENT IS THE SPECIFIC  ENFORCEMENT  OF
THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

     Section 8.4 NO WAIVER OF DEFAULTS. Any waiver of breach or default pursuant
to this Agreement will not be a waiver of any other subsequent default.  Failure
or delay by any Party to enforce any term or  condition of this  Agreement  will
not constitute a waiver of such term or condition.

     Section  8.5  SEVERABILITY.  To the  extent  that  any  provision  of  this
Agreement  is  found by a court  of  competent  jurisdiction  to be  invalid  or
unenforceable, that provision notwithstanding,  the remaining provisions of this
Agreement will remain in full force and effect and such invalid or unenforceable
provision will be deleted.

     Section 8.6 ASSIGNMENT.  No Party or its Affiliate may assign any rights or
delegate any duties under this Agreement other than to an Affiliate,  subject to
restrictions  on assignment  by the Parent Group,  as provided in Section 2.1 b,
without the prior written consent of the other Parties,  as the case may be, and
any attempt to do so without that consent will be void.

     The rights granted under this Agreement shall terminate as to any Affiliate
at the time any such entity ceases to be an affiliate.

     Section 8.7 NOTICES. All notices required or permitted under this Agreement
must be in  writing  and  shall  be  deemed  effectively  given:  upon  personal
delivery,  when  delivered  to the  address  provided  below  or;  when  sent by
certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested; upon transmission,
when   transmitted  by  telecopier,   facsimile,   telex  or  other   electronic
transmission  method  including  E-mail,  provided that receipt is confirmed and
notice is sent by certified mail,  postage prepaid and return receipt requested;
or when  sent by  Federal  Express  or  other  nationally  recognized  overnight
delivery  service.  Any such notice shall be sent to the Party to whom notice is
intended to be given at its address as shown below:

         if to TMML, to:
         Avenida de la Cupside 4755
         Col. Parques del Pedregal
         C.P. 14010, Mexico, D.F.
         Attention: Geraldo Primo

         if to TFM, to:
         Larry Lawrence
         The Kansas City Southern Railway Company

By Courrier Delivery:
         427 W. 12th
         Kansas City, Missouri  64105

<PAGE>

By Regular Mail Delivery:
         P. O. Box 219335
         Kansas City, MO 64121-9335


         if to KCS, to:
Larry Lawrence
         The Kansas City Southern Railway Company

By Courrier Delivery:
         427 W. 12th
         Kansas City, Missouri  64105

By Regular Mail Delivery:
         P. O. Box 219335
         Kansas City, MO 64121-9335




     If any of the parties changes its address, it will notify the other parties
in writing of such change in the manner  established  in this Clause,  otherwise
the notices  and  communications  will be  effective  when sent to last  address
established pursuant to this Clause.

     Section 8.8 AMENDMENT. No alteration,  waiver,  cancellation,  or any other
change or  modification in any term or condition of this Agreement will be valid
or binding on any Party  unless  made in writing  and signed by duly  authorized
representatives of all Parties.

     Section  8.9  GOVERNING  LAW.  This  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by and
construed in accordance  with the laws of the State of Delaware,  without giving
effect to its conflicts of law provisions.  Each party hereto hereby consents to
personal  jurisdiction  in any such  action  brought  in any New  York  state or
federal court,  consents to service of process by registered mail made upon such
party and such party's  agent and waives any  objection to venue in any such New
York  state or  federal  court  and any  claim  that any such New York  state or
federal court is an inconvenient forum.

     Section 8.10 ENTIRE  AGREEMENT.  The terms and conditions herein contained,
including all Exhibits hereto, constitute the entire agreement among the Parties
with respect to the subject  matter of this Agreement and supersede any previous
and  contemporaneous  agreements  and  understandings,  whether oral or written,
among the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. There are no
other agreements, understandings, representations, or promises among the Parties
with  respect to the subject  matter of this  Agreement  which are not  included
herein or in the AAA.

     Section 8.11  COUNTERPARTS.  This  Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts,  including  facsimiles,  each  of  which  will be  deemed  to be a
duplicate  original,  but  all of  which,  taken  together,  will be  deemed  to
constitute a single  instrument.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  this Agreement has been entered into by the Parties as
of the



<PAGE>

   day of December, 2004.
- --

TFM, S.A. DE C.V.,


By:  /s/ Carlos Aguilar
     -----------------------------
Name:    Carlos Aguilar
      ------------------------
Title:   Attorney in Fact
       -----------------------

By:
     -----------------------------
Name:
      ------------------------
Title:
       -----------------------

THE KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN
RAILWAY COMPANY


By:  /s/ Michael R. Haverty
     -----------------------------
Name:    Michael R. Haverty
      ------------------------
Title:   Chairman, President and CEO
       -----------------------


TMM LOGISTICS, S.A. DE C.V.


By:  /s/ Horacio Reyes
     -----------------------------
Name:    Horacio Reyes
      ------------------------
Title:   Attorney in Fact
       -----------------------


By:
     -----------------------------
Name:
      ------------------------
Title:
       -----------------------




