
                                                                    Exhibit 10.8


                            CLOSING ESCROW AGREEMENT


     This  CLOSING  ESCROW  AGREEMENT  (this  "Agreement")  is entered  into and
effective  as of this  15th day of  December,  2004,  by and among  KANSAS  CITY
SOUTHERN,  a  Delaware   corporation   ("KCS"),   Kara  Sub,  Inc.,  a  Delaware
corporation,  KCS Investment I, Ltd., a Delaware  corporation,  KCS  Acquisition
Subsidiary,  Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation,  Caymex  Transportation,  Inc.,  a
Delaware  corporation,  Grupo TMM, S.A., a SOCIEDAD ANONIMA  organized under the
laws of the United Mexican States ("UMS") ("TMM"), TMM Holdings, S.A. de C.V., a
SOCIEDAD ANONIMA DE CAPITAL  VARIABLE  organized under the laws of the UMS and a
subsidiary of TMM ("TMMH") and TMM Multimodal,  S.A. de C.V., a SOCIEDAD ANONIMA
DE CAPITAL VARIABLE organized under the laws of the UMS and a subsidiary of TMMH
("MM")  (collectively,  the "Parties") and The Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company
of New York (the "Escrow Agent").

     WHEREAS,  the Parties are parties to the Amended and  Restated  Acquisition
Agreement among the Parties and Grupo Transportacion  Ferroviara Mexicana,  S.A.
de C.V. ("GTFM"), dated as of the date hereof (the "Acquisition Agreement");

     WHEREAS, pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement,  certain funds, securities,
documents and other  property are to be deposited in escrow  pending the closing
of the transactions described in the Acquisition Agreement; and

     WHEREAS, the Parties desire to appoint the Escrow Agent to hold such funds,
securities,  documents  and  other  property  on the terms  and  subject  to the
conditions  set forth in this Agreement and the Escrow Agent is willing to serve
in such capacity;

     NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the premises and agreements  contained
herein,  and  for  other  good  and  valuable  consideration,  the  receipt  and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the Parties, it is hereby agreed
by and among the Parties and the Escrow Agent as follows:

     1. APPOINTMENT AND DEPOSIT INTO ESCROW.

          (a) The Parties  hereby  appoint  the Escrow  Agent to serve as escrow
     agent hereunder. In accordance with and subject to the terms and provisions
     hereof,  the Escrow Agent accepts such  appointment  and agrees to hold and
     distribute the cash,  securities,  documents and other  property  listed in
     sub-sections  1(b) and (c) below  (collectively,  the  "Escrow  Fund"),  in
     accordance with the terms hereof.

          (b) Simultaneously with the execution hereof, the Parties, as required
     by the Acquisition Agreement, have deposited (or in the case of (ii) below,
     shall  deposit) with the Escrow Agent,  to be held by the Escrow Agent in a
     non-interest bearing escrow account and released only pursuant to the terms
     and conditions of this Agreement, the following:

               (i) US $100,000,000, by wire transfer to Account No.        ;
                                                                   --------

<PAGE>

               (ii) US $100,000,000, within five (5) days after the date of this
          Agreement, by wire transfer to Account No.          ;
                                                     ---------
               (iii)  a  subordinated   promissory   note  of  KCS   Acquisition
          Subsidiary,   Inc.  ("KCS  Sub")  in  the  principal   amount  of  MXP
          $2,440,228,860  payable to MM (the "KCS Sub Note"), a copy of which is
          attached as Exhibit F hereto;

               (iv) a stock  certificate  representing  100 shares of the common
          stock of KCS Sub (the "KCS Sub Shares") issued in the name of MM;

               (v) two originally executed copies of the Subscription  Agreement
          by and  between  KCS Sub and MM for the  purchase by MM of the KCS Sub
          Shares, dated as of the date hereof (the "Subscription  Agreement"), a
          copy of which is attached as Exhibit G hereto;

               (vi) the form of a  certificate  of merger (the  "Certificate  of
          Merger"),  regarding the merger of KCS Sub with and into KCS under the
          Delaware G.C.L., a copy of which is attached as Exhibit H hereto;

               (vii) a stock certificate  representing  18,000,000 shares of the
          common stock of KCS (the "KCS  Shares")  registered in the name of MM,
          which KCS Shares,  although  registered in the name of MM shall not be
          deemed issued or delivered by KCS, notwithstanding any other provision
          of this Agreement, until the issuance thereof has been approved by the
          stockholders  of KCS,  and the KCS Shares have been listed for trading
          on the New York Stock Exchange, in accordance with the requirements of
          that  exchange,  and such KCS  Shares  shall not be  deemed  issued or
          outstanding until so delivered;

               (viii) the Releases relating to the Acquisition Agreement Claims,
          of the  persons  listed  on  Exhibit  A  hereto,  the form of which is
          attached as Exhibit I hereto;

               (ix) the  Releases  relating  to the  Management  Claims,  of the
          persons  listed on Exhibit B, the form of which is attached as Exhibit
          J hereto;

               (x) the Releases  relating to the  Authority  Litigation,  of the
          persons  listed on Exhibit C hereto,  the form of which is attached as
          Exhibit K hereto;


<PAGE>

               (xi) the Release of Jose  Joaquin de Teresa y Polignac,  the form
          of which is attached as Exhibit P hereto;

               (xii) the Release  Resolutions,  the form of which is attached as
          Exhibit D hereto;

               (xiii) the  documents  to effect  dismissals  of the  Acquisition
          Agreement Claims, the Management Claims, and the Authority  Litigation
          Claims, listed on Exhibit E hereto, the forms of which are attached as
          Exhibit L hereto (the "Dismissal Documents");

               (xiv)  Stock  Certificate  No. 1  representing  25,500  shares of
          Series  "A" Fixed  Capital  Stock of GTFM (the  "GTFM  Fixed  Shares")
          issued in the name of MM, with executed stock powers attached;

               (xv) Stock  Certificate  No. 1 representing  3,842,901  shares of
          Series "A" Variable Capital Stock of GTFM (the "GTFM Variable Shares")
          issued in the name of MM, and together with the GTFM Fixed Shares, the
          "GTFM Shares"), with executed stock powers attached;

               (xvi) a  subordinated  promissory  note of GTFM in the  principal
          amount of MXP $2,440,228,860 payable to MM, duly endorsed for transfer
          (the "GTFM Note"), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit M hereto;

               (xvii)  resolutions  adopted  by the Board of  Directors  of GTFM
          effecting  the  Capital  Reduction,  a copy of  which is  attached  as
          Exhibit N hereto; and

               (xviii)  revoked  Powers of  Attorney  and new Powers of Attorney
          listed on Exhibit O hereto (the "Powers of Attorney").

     The Escrow  Agent,  upon  receipt of written  advice  from both KCS and TMM
(evidenced  in each case by a  writing  signed  by their  respective  Presidents
("Advice")  that the  Closing  has  occurred  under  the  Acquisition  Agreement
(specifying  the  "Closing  Date") and prior to  release  of the Escrow  Fund in
accordance with Section 3 below,  shall date all undated documents  deposited in
the Escrow Fund as of the Closing Date.

     The Escrow  Fund shall be held for the  exclusive  benefit of the  Parties,
their successors and assigns and no other person or entity shall have any right,
title or interest therein, except as provided in Section 5(b).

<PAGE>

     2.   (a) All funds  deposited in escrow  hereunder shall be invested by the
     Escrow Agent in accordance  with the  instructions  set forth in Appendix A
     hereto. All interest, gains, income and other distributions  (collectively,
     "Interest")  received on or with respect to the funds and any other assets,
     held  pursuant  to this  Agreement  (except for the GTFM  Shares)  shall be
     received for the benefit and distributed upon the written instructions,  of
     KCS.

          (b)  The  Escrow  Agent  shall  have  no  liability  for  any  loss on
     investments  made  pursuant to this  Agreement,  including  any loss on any
     investment  required to be liquidated  prior to maturity in order to make a
     payment  required  hereunder.  Investments  by the Escrow Agent pursuant to
     this  Agreement  shall be subject to  availability.  In no event  shall the
     Escrow Agent be required to provide  investment  advice of any kind. Absent
     its receipt of any written  investment  instructions  from KCS,  the Escrow
     Agent shall have no obligation or duty to invest any funds held by it under
     this Agreement. All Interest shall be held by the Escrow Agent. The parties
     agree that, for tax reporting  purposes,  all Interest shall be reported as
     allocated to KCS.

          (c) KCS  agrees to  provide  the  Escrow  Agent,  upon  execution  and
     delivery of this Agreement, with a Form W-9 or Form W8-BEN, as the case may
     be.

          (d) The Escrow Agent is hereby  authorized,  in making or disposing of
     any  investment  permitted by this  Agreement,  to deal with itself (in its
     individual capacity) or with any one or more of its affiliates.

     3. Promptly  following  receipt by the Escrow Agent of Advice from both KCS
and  TMM  that  the  Closing  has  occurred  under  the  Acquisition   Agreement
(specifying  the  Closing  Date) or upon  receipt  of a final  order,  decree or
judgment of a court, or an arbitration tribunal, of competent  jurisdiction that
distribution is otherwise  ordered (and in the case of an arbitration  tribunal,
accompanied by a certificate signed by the President or a Vice-President  (each,
an  "Appropriate  Officer")  of KCS and TMM stating  that such  arbitration  was
undertaken in accordance with Section 12.11 of the Acquisition  Agreement),  and
accompanied  by an opinion of counsel  that such  decree,  order or  judgment is
final,  the Escrow  Agent shall take the actions  specified  in this  Section 3;
provided  that such  actions  are not  contrary  to the terms of any such order,
decree or judgment:

          (a)  Deliver  to MM the sum of  $200,000,000,  less the  amount of the
     Documented  Expenses  (defined  below) by wire  transfer to an account that
     will be  designated by MM to the Escrow Agent not less than 2 Business Days
     (defined  below)prior to such transfer.  As used herein, the term "Business
     Day" shall mean a day of the year on

<PAGE>

     which  national  banks in New York, New York, are not required or permitted
     to be closed;

          (b) Deliver to KCS all  Interest  received  on or with  respect to the
     funds and any other assets held pursuant to this Agreement

          (c) Deliver to MM the KCS Sub Note;

          (d) Deliver to MM the certificate representing the KCS Sub Shares;

          (e)  Deliver  to  each  of  KCS  and  TMM  an  executed  copy  of  the
     Subscription Agreement;

          (f) Deliver to counsel designated by KCS the Certificate of Merger for
     execution  and filing  with the  Secretary  of State of  Delaware,  at such
     address as shall be provided to the Escrow Agent;

          (g) Deliver to MM the certificate representing the KCS Shares;

          (h)  Deliver  to KCS all of the  certificates  representing  the  GTFM
     Shares, with the executed stock powers attached;

          (i) Deliver to KCS Sub the GTFM Note;

          (j)  Deliver  to  the  parties  identified  in  written   instructions
     delivered  from  each of KCS and TMM to the  Escrow  Agent  not less than 2
     Business  Days prior to the  Closing  the  Releases,  Dismissal  Documents,
     Powers of Attorney, and Release Resolutions referenced above; and

          (k)  Deliver  to  each  of  (i)  JP  Morgan  Securities,   (ii)  Elek,
     Moreno-Valle y Asociados,  S.A. de C.V., (iii) Martinez,  Algaba, Estrella,
     de Haro y Galvan-Duque S.C., and (iv) Milbank,  Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP,
     the amounts  specified in their  respective  invoices for fees and expenses
     with respect to the Acquisition and related matters that have been received
     by the  Escrow  Agent not later than the second  Business  Day  immediately
     prior to the Closing Date (the "Documented Expenses"), in each case by wire
     transfer to the  accounts  specified  by such firms to the Escrow Agent not
     later than the second Business Day prior to the Closing Date.

     4.  Promptly  following  receipt  of  Advice  or a final  order,  decree or
judgment of a court or an arbitration tribunal of competent jurisdiction (and in
the case of an arbitration tribunal,  accompanied by a certificate signed by the
President or a  Vice-President  (each,

<PAGE>

an  "Appropriate  Officer")  of KCS and TMM stating  that such  arbitration  was
undertaken in accordance with Section 12.11 of the Acquisition  Agreement),  and
accompanied  by an opinion of counsel  that such  order,  decree or  judgment is
final, that the Acquisition Agreement has been terminated or that this Agreement
is to be terminated, or, if no such Advice or order in accordance with Section 3
shall have been received the Escrow Agent by December 31, 2005, the Escrow Agent
shall:

          (a)  Deliver to KCS all funds then held  pursuant  to this  Agreement,
     together  with any  Interest  received on or with  respect to the funds and
     with respect to any other assets held pursuant to this Agreement;

          (b) Deliver to KCS the KCS Sub Note;

          (c) Deliver to KCS all  certificates  representing the KCS Shares then
     held pursuant to this Agreement;

          (d) Deliver to KCS all  certificates  representing  the KCS Sub Shares
     then held pursuant to this Agreement;

          (e)  Destroy  the  executed  copies  held  by it of  the  Subscription
     Agreement;

          (f) Deliver to KCS the Certificate of Merger;

          (g) Deliver to MM all  certificates  representing the GTFM Shares then
     held pursuant to this Agreement;

          (h) Deliver to MM the GTFM Note;

          (i)  Deliver to KCS the  Releases,  Dismissal  Documents,  and Release
     Resolutions executed or prepared by it or its affiliates;

          (j)  Deliver  to  MM  the  Releases,   Dismissal  Documents,   Release
     Resolutions,  and Powers of  Attorney  executed  or  prepared  by it or its
     affiliates; and

          (k) Destroy the GTFM resolutions  referenced in sub-section  1(b)(xvi)
     above.

     5.   a) The Escrow  Agent may act or refrain  from acting in reliance  upon
     any instructions,  notice, certification,  demand, consent,  authorization,
     receipt,  power of attorney or other  writing  delivered to it by any other
     party and believed by the Escrow Agent to be genuine without being required
     to determine the authenticity or validity thereof or the correctness of any
     facts  stated  therein.  The Escrow Agent may act or refrain from acting in
     reliance  upon any

<PAGE>

     signature believed by it to be genuine, and may assume that any such person
     has been properly authorized to do so.

          (b) KCS and TMM, jointly and severally,  agree to reimburse the Escrow
     Agent on demand for,  and to indemnify  and hold the Escrow Agent  harmless
     against and with respect to, any and all loss, liability, damage or expense
     (including,  without  limitation,  reasonable  attorneys'  fees,  costs and
     disbursements) that the Escrow Agent may suffer or incur in connection with
     this  Escrow  Agreement  in  its  performance  hereunder  or in  connection
     herewith,  except to the  extent  such loss,  liability,  damage or expense
     arises in the Escrow  Agent's  willful  misconduct  or gross  negligence as
     adjudicated  by a court of competent  jurisdiction.  The Escrow Agent shall
     have the right to apply the assets held by it in escrow hereunder,  and any
     proceeds  thereof,  to the payment of any amounts owing to it by TMM or KCS
     hereunder upon one (1) Business Days' notice to TMM and KCS.

          (c) As  between  themselves,  KCS and TMM agree that In the event that
     the Escrow Agent exercises its right to apply funds from the Escrow Fund to
     the  payment  of  any  amounts  owing  to  it  hereunder   ("Escrow   Agent
     Receivable")  as a  result  of the  failure  of  one of KCS or TMM to  make
     payment in full of 50% of the Escrow Agent  Receivable in  accordance  with
     Section 11 hereof,  such  non-paying  Party shall promptly  transfer to the
     account  of  the  other  Party  in  accordance   with  such  other  Party's
     instructions  in  immediately  available  funds  an  amount  equal  to  the
     difference  between 50% of the Escrow Agent  Receivable and the amount,  if
     any,  actually paid by the non-paying  Party to the Escrow Agent in respect
     of the  Escrow  Agent  Receivable.  In the  event  that  the  Escrow  Agent
     exercises  its right to apply  funds from the Escrow Fund to the payment of
     the Escrow Agent  Receivable  as a result of the failure of both of KCS and
     TMM to make  payment  in  full of 50% of the  Escrow  Agent  Receivable  in
     accordance  with  Section  11  hereof,  each such  non-paying  Party  shall
     promptly transfer to the account of the other Party in accordance with such
     other Party's  instructions in immediately  available funds an amount equal
     to the  difference  between  50% of the  Escrow  Agent  Receivable  and the
     amount,  if any,  actually paid by the non-paying Party to the Escrow Agent
     in respect of the Escrow Agent Receivable.

     6.   (a) The Escrow Agent may consult legal counsel of its selection in the
     event of any dispute or question as to the meaning or  construction  of any
     of the  provisions of this  Agreement or its duties  hereunder,  including,
     without  limitation,  the validity of any order of any court or arbitration
     tribunal,  and it shall incur no liability and shall be fully  protected in
     acting  or  refraining  from  acting in  accordance  with the  opinion  and
     instructions of such counsel.

          (b) Each of the Parties  acknowledges and agrees that the Escrow Agent
     (i)  shall  not be  deemed  to  have  knowledge  of  the  terms  of,  or be
     responsible  for, any of the  agreements  referred to or  described  herein
     (including,  without limitation,  the Acquisition

<PAGE>

     Agreement,  but excluding  this  Agreement) or for  determining  compliance
     therewith  and shall  not  otherwise  be bound  thereby  and (ii)  shall be
     obligated only for the performance of such duties as are  specifically  set
     forth in this  Agreement on its part to be performed and no implied  duties
     or obligations  of any kind shall be read into this  Agreement  against the
     Escrow Agent.

     7. In the event of any  disagreement  between  any of the  Parties  to this
Agreement,  any  adverse  claims or demands  being made in  connection  with the
subject  matter of the escrow,  or in the event that the Escrow  Agent,  in good
faith, is in doubt as to what action it should take hereunder,  the Escrow Agent
may, at its sole option,  refuse to comply with any claims and demands on it and
retain in its possession  without liability to anyone all or any of the property
held by it hereunder,  or refuse to take any other action hereunder,  so long as
such  disagreement  continues or such doubt  exists.  The Escrow Agent shall not
become  liable in any way or to any person for its  failure or refusal to act in
such event,  and the Escrow  Agent shall be entitled to continue to refrain from
acting  until (i) the rights of all  parties  shall have been fully and  finally
adjudicated  by a court of competent  jurisdiction  or  arbitration  tribunal of
competent jurisdiction (and in the case of an arbitration tribunal,  accompanied
by a certificate  signed by an  Appropriate  Officer of KCS and TMM stating that
such  arbitration  was  undertaken  in  accordance  with  Section  12.11  of the
Acquisition  Agreement),  accompanied  by an opinion of counsel that such order,
decree or judgment is final, or (ii) all differences shall have been resolved by
agreement  among all the  interested  persons,  and Escrow Agent shall have been
notified thereof in writing signed by all such persons.  Escrow Agent shall have
the option,  after  thirty (30)  calendar  days  notice to the  Parties,  of its
intention to do so, to file an action in  interpleader  requiring the Parties to
answer and litigate any claims and rights  among  themselves.  The rights of the
Escrow Agent under this  paragraph  are  cumulative of all other rights which it
may have by law or otherwise.

     8. Notice to the Parties shall be given as provided  below.  Whenever under
the terms hereof the time for giving a notice or  performing an act falls upon a
Saturday, a Sunday or a banking holiday in New York, such time shall be extended
to the next day on which the Escrow Agent is open for business.

     9. The Escrow Agent may, in its sole  discretion,  resign and terminate its
position  hereunder  at any time  following  thirty (30)  calendar  days written
notice to the other Parties to the Escrow Agreement. Prior to the effective date
of  resignation  specified  in such notice,  the Parties will jointly  appoint a
successor  escrow agent. On the effective date of such  appointment,  the Escrow
Agent shall  deliver  this Escrow  Agreement  together  with any and all related
instruments or documents and all of the funds,  securities,  documents and other
assets  held in escrow  hereunder  to any  successor  escrow  agent  selected in
writing by Parties to this Agreement.  If a successor  escrow agent has not been
appointed  prior to the  expiration of thirty (30)  calendar days  following the
date  of  notice  of  such  resignation,   then  (i)  the  Escrow  Agent's  sole
responsibility  after that time shall be

<PAGE>

to safekeep the property  held in escrow by it hereunder  until receipt by it of
designation  of a successor  escrow agent and (ii) the Escrow Agent may petition
any court of competent  jurisdiction  for the appointment of a successor  escrow
agent, or other  appropriate  relief.  Any such resulting  appointment  shall be
binding upon all the Parties to this Agreement.

     10. The Parties to this  Agreement may by mutual  written  agreement with a
copy of such  agreement  forwarded to the Escrow Agent at any time  substitute a
new escrow agent by giving ten (10) days notice  thereof to the Escrow Agent and
paying all fees and  expenses  due to the Escrow  Agent.  Any such  substitution
shall terminate all obligations and duties of the Escrow Agent hereunder. On the
effective  date of such  substitution,  the  Escrow  Agent  shall  deliver  this
Agreement together with any and all related  instruments or documents and all of
the funds, securities,  documents and other assets held in escrow hereunder to a
successor escrow agent that the Parties have selected in writing.

     11. The Escrow Agent shall  receive the fees provided in Appendix B hereto.
Except as set  forth in  Section  5(b)  above,  the  Escrow  Agent  shall not be
permitted  to utilize the Escrow Fund to cover any of its fees or  expenses.  As
between  themselves,  KCS and TMM agree that all fees and expenses of the Escrow
Agent shall be paid equally (50% by KCS and 50% by TMM).

     12.  Any  modification  of this  Agreement  or any  additional  obligations
assumed by any party  hereto  shall be binding  only if  evidenced  by a writing
signed by each of the parties  hereto.  Upon  distribution in full of the Escrow
Fund,  this Agreement  shall be thereupon  terminated and of no further force or
effect;  provided  that the  provisions  of Section  5(b) and 11 (for the period
prior to such  termination,  resignation  or  substitution)  shall  survive  the
termination of this Agreement and the  resignation or substitution of the Escrow
Agent.

     13. This  Agreement  shall be governed by the laws of the state of New York
in all respects.  The Parties hereto irrevocably and  unconditionally  submit to
the  jurisdiction  of a federal or state court located in New York,  New York in
connection with any proceedings commenced regarding this Agreement including but
not limited to a interpleader proceeding or a proceeding for the employment of a
successor  escrow agent. The Parties  irrevocably  submit to the jurisdiction of
such courts for the  determination  of all issues in such  proceedings,  without
regard  to any  principles  of  conflicts  of laws,  and  irrevocably  waive any
objection to venue or inconvenient forum.

<PAGE>

     14. This  Agreement  may be executed in one or more  counterparts,  each of
which  counterpart  shall  be  deemed  to  be  an  original  and  all  of  which
counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

     15. Unless otherwise provided herein, all notices and other  communications
hereunder  shall be in writing  and shall be deemed  given if (a)  delivered  in
person, (b) transmitted by facsimile (with written confirmation),  (c) mailed by
certified or  registered  mail (return  receipt  requested)  (in which case such
notice  shall be  deemed  given on the  third day  after  such  mailing)  or (d)
delivered by an express  courier (with written  confirmation)  to the Parties at
the  following  addresses  (or at such  other  address  for a party  as shall be
specified by like notice):

         If to Grupo TMM:

         Grupo TMM, S.A.
         Avenida de la Cuspide, No. 4755
         Colonia Parques del Pedregal
         14010 Mexico, D.F.
         Attention:  Corporate Secretary

         CT Corporation
         1209 Orange Street
         Wilmington, Delaware 19801

         With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

         Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP
         One Chase Manhattan Plaza
         New York, New York 10005
         Attention:  Thomas C. Janson, Esq.

<PAGE>

         If to KCS:

         By U.S. Mail:
         Kansas City Southern
         P.O. Box 219335
         Kansas City, MO 64121-9335
         Attention:  Senior Vice President and General Counsel

         By Delivery Service:
         Kansas City Southern
         427 West 12th Street
         Kansas City, MO 64105
         Attention:  Senior Vice President and General Counsel

         With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

         Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal LLP
         4520 Main Street, Suite 1100
         Kansas City, MO 64111
         Attention:  John F. Marvin, Esq.

         If to the Escrow Agent:

         The Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York
         One Liberty Plaza
         New York, NY  10006
         Attention John Neylan

         With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice) to:

         Shearman & Sterling LLP
         599 Lexington Avenue
         New York, NY  10022
         Attention:  Helen Doo

Any Party hereto may from time to time change its address for notices under this
Section 15 giving at least ten (10) days' notice of such changed  address to the
other Parties hereto.

<PAGE>

     WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Parties  and the Escrow  Agent have  executed  this
Agreement as of the date first above written.

                           KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN


                           By:  /s/ Robert B. Terry
                                ------------------------------------------
                           Name:   Robert B. Terry
                           Title:  Senior Vice President & General Counsel


                           KARA SUB, INC.


                           By:  /s/ Ronald G. Russ
                                ------------------------------------------
                           Name:   Ronald G. Russ
                           Title:  Vice President


                           KCS INVESTMENT I, LTD.


                           By:  /s/ Ronald G. Russ
                                ------------------------------------------
                           Name:   Ronald G. Russ
                           Title:  Vice President


                           KCS ACQUISITION SUBSIDIARY, INC.


                           By:  /s/ Ronald G. Russ
                                ------------------------------------------
                           Name:   Ronald G. Russ
                           Title:  Vice President


<PAGE>

                           CAYMEX TRANSPORTATION, INC.


                           By:  /s/ Jay M. Nadlman
                                ------------------------------------------
                           Name:   Jay M. Nadlman
                           Title:  Vice President & Secretary


                           GRUPO TMM, S.A.


                           By:  /s/ Jose F. Serrano Segovia
                                ------------------------------------------
                           Name:  Jose Francisco Serrano Segovia
                           Title: Attorney in Fact


                           By:  /s/ Javier Segovia Serrano
                                ------------------------------------------
                           Name:  Javier Segovia Serrano
                           Title: Attorney in Fact


                           TMM HOLDINGS, S.A. de C.V.


                           By:  /s/ Jose F. Serrano Segovia
                                ------------------------------------------
                           Name:  Jose Francisco Serrano Segovia
                           Title: Attorney in Fact


                           By:  /s/ Javier Segovia Serrano
                                ------------------------------------------
                           Name:  Javier Segovia Serrano
                           Title: Attorney in Fact

<PAGE>

                           TMM MULTIMODAL, S.A. de C.V.


                           By:  /s/ Jose F. Serrano Segovia
                                ------------------------------------------
                           Name:  Jose Francisco Serrano Segovia
                           Title: Attorney in Fact


                           By:  /s/ Javier Segovia Serrano
                                ------------------------------------------
                           Name:  Javier Segovia Serrano
                           Title: Attorney in Fact





                           The Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York


                           By:  /s/ Andrew Bicker
                                ------------------------------------------
                           Name:  Andrew Bicker
                           Title: Associate Director


<PAGE>

                                   APPENDIX A
                         [INSTRUCTIONS TO ESCROW AGENT]



<PAGE>

                                   APPENDIX B
                                     [FEES]



<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A
                [RELEASED PERSONS (ACQUISITION AGREEMENT CLAIMS)]



<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT B
                     [RELEASED PERSONS (MANAGEMENT CLAIMS)]



<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT C
                 [RELEASED PERSONS (AUTHORITY AGREEMENT CLAIMS)]


<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT D
                              [RELEASE RESOLUTIONS]

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT E
                            [CLAIMS TO BE DISMISSED]

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT F
                             [FORM OF KCS SUB NOTE]



<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT G
                        [FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT]


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT H
                         [FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF MERGER]


<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT I
                 [FORM OF ACQUISITION AGREEMENT CLAIMS RELEASE]


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT J
                       [FORM OF MANAGEMENT CLAIMS RELEASE]


<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT K
                  [FORM OF AUTHORITY LITIGATION CLAIMS RELEASE]


<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT L
                          [FORM OF DISMISSAL DOCUMENTS]

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT M
                             [FORM OF GTFM SUB NOTE]


<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT N
                           [FORM OF GTFM RESOLUTIONS]

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT O
                              [POWERS OF ATTORNEY]

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT P
                           [FORM OF DE TERESA RELEASE]

