
                                                                    Exhibit 10.9


                           INDEMNITY ESCROW AGREEMENT


     This INDEMNITY  ESCROW  AGREEMENT  (this  "Agreement")  is entered into and
effective  as of this  15th day of  December,  2004,  by and among  KANSAS  CITY
SOUTHERN,  a  Delaware  corporation  ("KCS"),  Caymex  Transportation,  Inc.,  a
Delaware corporation "Caymex"), KARA Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("KARA"),
KCS Investment I, Ltd., a Delaware  corporation ("KCS Investment") (KCS, Caymex,
KARA, and KCS Investment  are sometimes  collectively  referred to herein as the
"KCS Purchasers"),  GRUPO TMM, S.A., a SOCIEDAD ANONIMA organized under the laws
of the United  Mexican  States  ("UMS")  and TMM  Multimodal,  S.A.  de C.V.,  a
SOCIEDAD ANONIMA DE CAPITAL VARIABLE  organized under the laws of the UMS ("MM")
(MM and TMM, collectively with the KCS Purchasers,  are collectively referred to
herein as the  "Parties")  and The Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York
(the "Escrow Agent").

     WHEREAS,  the Parties are parties to the Amended and  Restated  Acquisition
Agreement  dated as of the date hereof  among the KCS  Purchasers,  TMM, and the
other parties named therein (the "Acquisition Agreement"), pursuant to which the
TMM Parties will sell and the KCS Purchasers will purchase  substantially all of
MM's interest in Grupo Transportacion  Ferroviaria  Mexicana,  S.A. de C.V. upon
the terms and conditions set forth in the Acquisition Agreement;

     WHEREAS,  a  portion  of the  consideration  for the  Acquisition  is to be
delivered to the Escrow Agent to be held in escrow pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement (the "Indemnity Escrow"), which escrow is being established to provide
available funds to satisfy the indemnity claims as provided herein;

     WHEREAS,  at the Closing (as defined in the Acquisition  Agreement) the KCS
Purchasers  will deposit with the Escrow Agent one or more  promissory  notes of
KCS  in  the  aggregate   principal   amount  of  Forty-Seven   Million  Dollars
($47,000,000) (the "Indemnity Escrow Notes") to be held in the Indemnity Escrow,
and released only pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

     WHEREAS,  the  Parties  desire  to  appoint  the  Escrow  Agent to hold the
Indemnity  Escrow Notes on the terms and  conditions set forth in this Agreement
and the Escrow Agent is willing to serve in that capacity.

     NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the premises and agreements  contained
herein,  and  for  other  good  and  valuable  consideration,  the  receipt  and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the Parties, it is hereby agreed
by and among the Parties and the Escrow Agent as follows:

     1. The Parties  hereby  appoint the Escrow  Agent to serve as escrow  agent
hereunder.  In accordance  with and subject to the terms and provisions  hereof,
the Escrow Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to hold,  reduce the
principal  amount of, and deliver the Indemnity  Escrow Notes in accordance with
the terms hereof.

<PAGE>

     2.   (a) At the Closing,  the KCS Purchasers  shall deposit with the Escrow
     Agent the  Indemnity  Escrow  Notes to be held by the  Escrow  Agent in the
     Indemnity  Escrow and reduced and delivered  only pursuant to the terms and
     conditions of this Agreement.

          (b) In the event that KCS  exercises its option to convert any portion
     of the Indemnity  Escrow Notes to shares of KCS Common Stock  ("Shares") in
     accordance  with  the  terms  thereof,   KCS  shall  deliver  one  or  more
     certificates representing such Shares to the Escrow Agent to be held by the
     Escrow Agent in the  Indemnity  Escrow and  delivered  only pursuant to the
     terms and  conditions  of this  Agreement.  In the event that the number of
     Shares to be delivered to MM is reduced in accordance with Section 3 hereof
     after delivery of such  certificate or  certificates,  KCS shall substitute
     one or more certificates  representing the appropriate  number of Shares to
     be delivered on the Payment Date.

     3. The principal  amount of the Indemnity Escrow Notes, or number of Shares
held in the Indemnity  Escrow,  shall be reduced only upon the occurrence of any
of the following:

          (a) If the Escrow Agent receives joint written  instructions  from KCS
     and TMM to make such reduction, specifying the amount thereof;

          (b) If the Escrow Agent receives written instructions from KCS to make
     such reduction,  specifying the amount thereof,  simultaneously  copied and
     sent by same means to TMM,  and the Escrow  Agent does not receive  written
     objection  from TMM to such  instructions  within  ten (10)  Business  Days
     (defined below) of the date of such instructions are received by the Escrow
     Agent. As used herein, the term "Business Day" shall mean a day of the year
     on  which  national  banks in New  York,  New  York,  are not  required  or
     permitted to be closed; or

          (c) If the Escrow Agent receives a final order,  decree or judgment of
     a court of competent  jurisdiction or arbitration tribunal (and in the case
     of an  arbitration  tribunal,  accompanied  by a certificate  signed by the
     President or a Vice-President  (each, an "Appropriate  Officer") of KCS and
     TMM stating that such arbitration was undertaken in accordance with Section
     12.11 of the Acquisition  Agreement),  accompanied by an opinion of counsel
     that such order, decree or judgment is final.

     The Escrow Agent shall mark on Schedule A to each of the  Indemnity  Escrow
Notes the amount of each  reduction in the principal  amount thereof as provided
in this Section 3.

     4. The Parties  agree that any dispute  between the Parties  arising  under
this  Agreement  shall be resolved  in  accordance  with the dispute  resolution
procedures  set forth in  Sections  10.5(e)  or 12.11,  as  appropriate,  of the
Acquisition Agreement.

     5. On June 1, 2007 (the "Payment Date"),  the Escrow Agent shall deliver to
MM the Indemnity Escrow Notes, as reduced pursuant to Section 3 hereof,  and, if
any part of the

<PAGE>

Indemnity Escrow Notes have been converted to Shares,  any such Shares then held
by it in the  Indemnity  Escrow.  In  the  event  that  there  is an  unresolved
objection  from TMM  pursuant  to  Section  3(b) with  respect  to any claim for
reduction of the principal  amount of the Indemnity  Escrow Notes (or Shares) on
the Payment  Date,  the Escrow Agent shall deliver that portion of the Indemnity
Escrow  Notes  (or  Shares)  to MM  which  is not  subject  to  such  unresolved
objection,  if any, and shall deliver the balance of such Indemnity Escrow Notes
or Shares,  as the case may be, as directed by joint written  instructions  from
KCS and TMM, or a final  order,  decree,  or judgment of a court or  arbitration
tribunal of competent  jurisdiction (and in the case of an arbitration tribunal,
accompanied  by a certificate  signed by an  Appropriate  Officer of KCS and TMM
stating that such arbitration was undertaken in accordance with Section 12.11 of
the  Acquisition  Agreement),  accompanied  by an opinion  of counsel  that such
order, decree or judgment is final. KCS shall provide to the Escrow Agent one or
more  Indemnity   Escrow  Notes  or  stock   certificates   in  the  appropriate
denominations for delivery pursuant to this Section 5.

     6.   (a) The Escrow Agent may act or refrain  from acting in reliance  upon
     any instructions,  notice, certification,  demand, consent,  authorization,
     receipt,  power of attorney or other  writing  delivered to it by any other
     party and believed by the Escrow Agent to be genuine without being required
     to determine the authenticity or validity thereof or the correctness of any
     facts  stated  therein.  The Escrow Agent may act or refrain from acting in
     reliance  upon any signature  believed by it to be genuine,  and may assume
     that any such person has been properly authorized to do so.

          (b) KCS and TMM, jointly and severally,  agree to reimburse the Escrow
     Agent on demand for,  and to indemnify  and hold the Escrow Agent  harmless
     against and with respect to, any and all loss, liability, damage or expense
     (including,  without  limitation,  reasonable  attorneys'  fees,  costs and
     disbursements) that the Escrow Agent may suffer or incur in connection with
     this  Escrow  Agreement  in  its  performance  hereunder  or in  connection
     herewith,  except to the  extent  such loss,  liability,  damage or expense
     arises in the Escrow  Agent's  willful  misconduct  or gross  negligence as
     adjudicated  by a court of competent  jurisdiction.  The Escrow Agent shall
     have the right to apply the Indemnity  Escrow Notes or Shares held by it in
     escrow hereunder,  and any proceeds thereof,  to the payment of any amounts
     owing to it by TMM or KCS hereunder  upon one (1) business  days' notice to
     TMM and KCS.

          (c) As  between  themselves,  TMM and KCS agree that in the event that
     the Escrow  Agent  exercises  its right to apply  funds from the  Indemnity
     Escrow Notes or Shares to the payment of any amounts  owing to it hereunder
     ("Escrow Agent Receivable") as a result of the failure of one of KCS or TMM
     to make payment in full of 50% of the Escrow Agent Receivable in accordance
     with Section 11 hereof,  such non-paying  Party shall promptly  transfer to
     the  account  of the other  Party in  accordance  with such  other  Party's
     instructions  in  immediately  available  funds  an  amount  equal  to  the
     difference  between 50% of the Escrow Agent  Receivable and the amount,  if
     any,  actually paid by the non-paying  Party to the Escrow Agent in respect
     of the  Escrow  Agent  Receivable.  In the  event  that  the  Escrow  Agent
     exercises  its right to apply

<PAGE>

     funds  from the  Indemnity  Escrow  Notes or Shares to the  payment  of the
     Escrow Agent  Receivable  as a result of the failure of both of KCS and TMM
     to make payment in full of 50% of the Escrow Agent Receivable in accordance
     with Section 11 hereof,  each such non-paying Party shall promptly transfer
     to the account of the other  Party in  accordance  with such other  Party's
     instructions  in  immediately  available  funds  an  amount  equal  to  the
     difference  between 50% of the Escrow Agent  Receivable and the amount,  if
     any,  actually paid by the non-paying  Party to the Escrow Agent in respect
     of the Escrow Agent Receivable.

     7.   (a) The Escrow Agent may consult legal counsel of its selection in the
     event of any dispute or question as to the meaning or  construction  of any
     of the  provisions of this  Agreement or its duties  hereunder,  including,
     without  limitation,  the validity of any order of any court or arbitration
     tribunal,  and it shall incur no liability and shall be fully  protected in
     acting  or  refraining  from  acting in  accordance  with the  opinion  and
     instructions of such counsel.

          (b) Each of the Parties  acknowledges and agrees that the Escrow Agent
     (i)  shall  not be  deemed  to  have  knowledge  of  the  terms  of,  or be
     responsible  for, any of the  agreements  referred to or  described  herein
     (including,  without limitation,  the Acquisition Agreement,  but excluding
     this  Agreement)  or for  determining  compliance  therewith  and shall not
     otherwise  be bound  thereby  and  (ii)  shall  be  obligated  only for the
     performance of such duties as are  specifically set forth in this Agreement
     on its part to be performed  and no implied  duties or  obligations  of any
     kind shall be read into this Agreement against the Escrow Agent.

     8. In the event of any  disagreement  between  any of the  Parties  to this
Agreement,  any  adverse  claims or demands  being made in  connection  with the
subject  matter of the escrow,  or in the event that the Escrow  Agent,  in good
faith, is in doubt as to what action it should take hereunder,  the Escrow Agent
may, at its sole option,  refuse to comply with any claims and demands on it and
retain in its possession  without liability to anyone all or any of the property
held by it hereunder,  or refuse to take any other action hereunder,  so long as
such  disagreement  continues or such doubt  exists.  The Escrow Agent shall not
become  liable in any way or to any person for its  failure or refusal to act in
such event,  and the Escrow  Agent shall be entitled to continue to refrain from
acting  until (i) the rights of all  parties  shall have been fully and  finally
adjudicated  by a court of competent  jurisdiction  or  arbitration  tribunal of
competent jurisdiction (and in the case of an arbitration tribunal,  accompanied
by a certificate  signed by an  Appropriate  Officer of KCS and TMM stating that
such  arbitration  was  undertaken  in  accordance  with  Section  12.11  of the
Acquisition  Agreement),  accompanied  by an opinion of counsel that such order,
decree or judgment is final, or (ii) all differences shall have been resolved by
agreement  among all the  interested  persons,  and Escrow Agent shall have been
notified thereof in writing signed by all such persons.  Escrow Agent shall have
the option,  after  thirty (30)  calendar  days  notice to the  Parties,  of its
intention to do so, to file an action in  interpleader  requiring the Parties to
answer and litigate any claims and rights  among  themselves.  The rights of the
Escrow Agent under this  paragraph  are  cumulative of all other rights which it
may have by law or otherwise.

<PAGE>

     9.  Notice  to the  Parties  and to the  Escrow  Agents  shall  be given as
provided below.  Whenever under the terms hereof the time for giving a notice or
performing  an act falls upon a Saturday,  a Sunday or a banking  holiday in New
York,  such time shall be extended to the next day on which the Escrow  Agent is
open for business.

     10. The Escrow Agent may, in its sole discretion,  resign and terminate its
position  hereunder  at any time  following  thirty (30)  calendar  days written
notice to the other Parties to the Escrow Agreement. Prior to the effective date
of  resignation  specified  in such notice,  the Parties will jointly  appoint a
successor  escrow agent. On the effective date of such  appointment,  the Escrow
Agent shall  deliver  this Escrow  Agreement  together  with any and all related
instruments or documents and all of the funds,  securities,  documents and other
assets  held in escrow  hereunder  to any  successor  escrow  agent  selected in
writing by Parties to this Agreement.  If a successor  escrow agent has not been
appointed  prior to the  expiration of thirty (30)  calendar days  following the
date  of  notice  of  such  resignation,   then  (i)  the  Escrow  Agent's  sole
responsibility  after that time shall be to safekeep the property held in escrow
by it hereunder  until receipt by it of designation of a successor  escrow agent
and (ii) the Escrow Agent may petition any court of competent  jurisdiction  for
the appointment of a successor escrow agent, or other  appropriate  relief.  Any
such  resulting  appointment  shall  be  binding  upon all the  Parties  to this
Agreement.

     11. The Parties to this Agreement may by mutual written  agreement,  with a
copy of such agreement  forwarded to the Escrow Agent,  at any time substitute a
new escrow agent by giving ten (10) days notice  thereof to the Escrow Agent and
paying all fees and  expenses  due to the Escrow  Agent.  Any such  substitution
shall terminate all obligations and duties of the Escrow Agent hereunder. On the
effective  date of such  substitution,  the  Escrow  Agent  shall  deliver  this
Agreement together with any and all related  instruments or documents and all of
the funds, securities,  documents and other assets held in escrow hereunder to a
successor escrow agent that the Parties have selected in writing.

     12. The Escrow Agent shall  receive the fees provided in Appendix A hereto.
Except as provided in Section  6(b),  the Escrow Agent shall not be permitted to
utilize the Escrow Fund to cover any of its fees or expenses.  TMM and KCS agree
that as between  themselves,  all fees and expenses of the Escrow Agent shall be
paid equally (50% by KCS and 50% by TMM).

     13.  Any  modification  of this  Agreement  or any  additional  obligations
assumed by any party  hereto  shall be binding  only if  evidenced  by a writing
signed  by each of the  parties  hereto.  Upon the  earlier  to occur of (i) the
reduction of the Indemnity  Escrow Notes in full principal  amount,  or (ii) the
delivery of the Indemnity  Escrow Notes or Shares to MM, this Agreement shall be
thereupon  terminated  and of no  further  force or  effect;  provided  that the
provisions  of Sections  6(b) and 12 (for the period prior to such  termination,
resignation or substitution) shall survive the termination of this Agreement and
the resignation or substitution of the Escrow Agent.

<PAGE>

     14. This  Agreement  shall be governed by the laws of the state of New York
in all respects.  The Parties hereto irrevocably and  unconditionally  submit to
the  jurisdiction  of a federal or state court located in New York,  New York in
connection with any proceedings commenced regarding this Agreement including but
not limited to a interpleader proceeding or a proceeding for the employment of a
successor  escrow agent. The Parties  irrevocably  submit to the jurisdiction of
such courts for the  determination  of all issues in such  proceedings,  without
regard  to any  principles  of  conflicts  of laws,  and  irrevocably  waive any
objection to venue or inconvenient forum.

     15. This  Agreement  may be executed in one or more  counterparts,  each of
which  counterpart  shall  be  deemed  to  be  an  original  and  all  of  which
counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

     16. Unless otherwise provided herein, all notices and other  communications
hereunder  shall be in writing  and shall be deemed  given if (a)  delivered  in
person, (b) transmitted by facsimile (with written confirmation),  (c) mailed by
certified or  registered  mail (return  receipt  requested)  (in which case such
notice  shall be  deemed  given on the  third day  after  such  mailing)  or (d)
delivered by an express  courier (with written  confirmation)  to the Parties at
the  following  addresses  (or at such  other  address  for a party  as shall be
specified by like notice):

         If to Grupo TMM:

         Grupo TMM, S.A.
         Avenida de la Cuspide, No. 4755
         Colonia Parques del Pedregal
         14010 Mexico, D.F.
         Attention:  Corporate Secretary

         CT Corporation
         1209 Orange Street
         Wilmington, Delaware 19801

         With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

         Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP
         One Chase Manhattan Plaza
         New York, New York 10005
         Attention:  Thomas C. Janson, Esq.

<PAGE>

         If to the KCS Purchasers:

         By U.S. Mail:
         Kansas City Southern
         P.O. Box 219335
         Kansas City, MO 64121-9335
         Attention:  Senior Vice President and General Counsel

         By Delivery Service:
         Kansas City Southern
         427 West 12th Street
         Kansas City, MO 64105
         Attention:  Senior Vice President and General Counsel

         With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

         Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal LLP
         4520 Main Street, Suite 1100
         Kansas City, MO 64111
         Attention:  John F. Marvin, Esq.

         If to the Escrow Agent:

         The Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York
         One Liberty Plaza
         New York, NY  10006
         Attention John Neylan

         With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice) to:

         Shearman & Sterling LLP
         599 Lexington Avenue
         New York, NY  10022
         Attention:  Helen Doo

Any party hereto may from time to time change its address for notices under this
Section 16 giving at least ten (10) days' notice of such changed  address to the
other parties hereto.

                            SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOWING

<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Parties and the Escrow Agent have  executed  this
Agreement as of the date first above written.

                               KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN


                               By:  /s/ Michael R. Haverty
                                  --------------------------------------
                               Name:    Michael R. Haverty
                               Title:   Chairman, President & CEO

                               Caymex Transportation, Inc.

                               By:  /s/ Jay M. Nadlman
                                  --------------------------------------
                               Name:    Jay M. Nadlman
                               Title:   Vice President & Secretary

                               KARA Sub, Inc.

                               By:  /s/ Ronald G. Russ
                                  --------------------------------------
                               Name:    Ronald G. Russ
                               Title:   Vice President

                               KCS Investment I, Ltd.

                               By:  /s/ Ronald G. Russ
                                  --------------------------------------
                               Name:    Ronald G. Russ
                               Title:   Vice President


                               GRUPO TMM, S.A.


                               By:  /s/ Jose F. Serrano Segovia
                                  --------------------------------------
                               Name:    Jose F. Serrano Segovia
                               Title:   Attorney in Fact


                               By:      Javier Segovia Serrano
                                  --------------------------------------
                               Name:    Javier Segovia Serrano
                               Title:   Attorney in Fact

<PAGE>


                               The Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York


                               By:  /s/ Andrew Bicker
                                  --------------------------------------
                               Name:    Andrew Bicker
                               Title:   Associate Director



<PAGE>

                                   APPENDIX A

                                     [FEES]




