
                                                                   Exhibit 10.10


                              VAT ESCROW AGREEMENT


     This VAT ESCROW AGREEMENT (this  "Agreement") is entered into and effective
as of this 15th day of  December,  2004,  by and among KANSAS CITY  SOUTHERN,  a
Delaware  corporation  ("KCS"),  KARA SUB,  INC.,  a Delaware  corporation,  KCS
INVESTMENT I, LTD., a Delaware corporation,  KCS ACQUISITION SUBSIDIARY, INC., a
Delaware corporation, CAYMEX TRANSPORTATION, INC., a Delaware corporation, GRUPO
TMM,  S.A., a SOCIEDAD  ANONIMA  organized  under the laws of the United Mexican
States ("TMM"),  TMM HOLDINGS,  S.A. de C.V., and TMM MULTIMODAL,  S.A. de C.V.,
and a subsidiary of TMMH ("MM")  (collectively,  the  "Parties") and The Bank of
Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York (the "Escrow Agent).

     WHEREAS,  pursuant to Section 7.13 of the Amended and Restated  Acquisition
Agreement  dated as of the date hereof  among the Parties and the other  parties
named therein (the  "Acquisition  Agreement")  certain  funds,  in the form of a
promissory note, are to be deposited in escrow (the "VAT Escrow"); and

     WHEREAS,  the Parties  desire to appoint  the Escrow  Agent to hold the VAT
Escrow  (defined  below) on the terms and  conditions  set forth in this  Escrow
Agreement and the Escrow Agent is willing to serve in that capacity.

     NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the premises and agreements  contained
herein,  and  for  other  good  and  valuable  consideration,  the  receipt  and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the Parties, it is hereby agreed
by and among the Parties and the Escrow Agent as follows:

     1. APPOINTMENT AND DEPOSIT INTO ESCROW.

          (a) The Parties  hereby  appoint  the Escrow  Agent to serve as escrow
     agent hereunder.  In accordance with and subject to the terms and provision
     hereof,  the Escrow Agent accepts such  appointment  and agrees to hold and
     distribute the VAT Escrow in accordance with the terms hereof.

          (b) On the later to occur  (the  "Deposit  Date")  of (i) the  Closing
     Date, or (ii) the Final Resolution of the VAT Claim and Put (as those terms
     are defined in the Acquisition Agreement),  KCS shall deliver to the Escrow
     Agent,  to be held by the Escrow  Agent in the VAT Escrow,  and reduced and
     released  only  pursuant  to the terms and  conditions  of this VAT  Escrow
     Agreement,  a promissory note of KCS in the principal amount of $40 million
     (the "VAT Escrow Note").

          (c) The principal amount of VAT Escrow Note shall be reduced only upon
     the occurrence of any of the following:

<PAGE>

               (i) If the Escrow Agent receives joint written  instructions from
          KCS and TMM to make such reduction, specifying the amount thereof;

               (ii) If the Escrow Agent receives written  instructions  from KCS
          to make such reduction,  specifying the amount thereof, simultaneously
          copied  and sent by same means to TMM,  and the Escrow  Agent does not
          receive  written  objection  from TMM  within ten (10)  Business  Days
          (defined  below) of the date such  instructions  are  received  by the
          Escrow Agent. As used herein, the term "Business Day" shall mean a day
          of the year on which  national  banks in New York,  New York,  are not
          required or permitted to be closed; or

               (iii) If the  Escrow  Agent  receives  a final  order,  decree or
          judgment of a court of competent  jurisdiction or arbitration tribunal
          (and  in  the  case  of  an  arbitration  tribunal,  accompanied  by a
          certificate  signed by the  President or a  Vice-President  (each,  an
          "Appropriate  Officer") of KCS and TMM stating  that such  arbitration
          was  undertaken  in  accordance  with  Section  12.11  or  10.5 of the
          Acquisition Agreement),  and accompanied by an opinion of counsel that
          such order, decree or judgment is final.

     The Escrow Agent shall mark on Schedule A to the VAT Escrow Note the amount
of each reduction in the principal amount thereof as provided in this Section 3.

     2. The VAT Escrow shall be held for the  exclusive  benefit of the Parties,
their successors and assigns and no other person or entity shall have any right,
title or interest therein, except as provided in Section 5.

     3. The Parties  agree that any dispute  between the Parties  arising  under
this  Agreement  shall be resolved  in  accordance  with the dispute  resolution
procedures  set forth in  Section  10.5(e)  or  12.11,  as  appropriate,  of the
Acquisition Agreement.

     4.  On the  earliest  to  occur  (the  "Release  Date")  of (i)  the  fifth
anniversary of the Deposit Date (provided there is no unresolved  objection from
TMM  pursuant  to Section  2(c)(ii)),  (ii) the  receipt by the Escrow  Agent of
written  instructions  from KCS (provided there is no unresolved  objection from
TMM pursuant to Section  2(c)(ii)),  or (iii)  receipt by the Escrow Agent of an
order of a final order, decree or judgment of a court or an arbitration tribunal
(and  in  the  case  of  an  arbitration  tribunal  of  competent  jurisdiction,
accompanied  by a certificate  signed by an  Appropriate  Officer of KCS and TMM
stating that such arbitration was undertaken in accordance with Section 12.11 of
the  Acquisition  Agreement),  accompanied  by an opinion  of

<PAGE>

counsel  that such order,  decree or  judgment is final (a "Final  Resolution"),
that release of the VAT Escrow Note is otherwise ordered,

          (a) the VAT Escrow Note,  as reduced in  accordance  with Section 1(c)
     hereof,  shall  automatically  be converted  into the right to receive that
     number of shares of KCS Common Stock (the  "Shares") as provided for in the
     VAT Escrow Note; and

          (b) KCS shall issue and  deliver to MM one or more stock  certificates
     representing  the Shares  referenced in sub-section 4(a) and the VAT Escrow
     Note shall be returned by the Escrow Agent to KCS.

          (c) In the  event  that  there  is an  unresolved  objection  from TMM
     pursuant to Section 2(c)(ii) with respect to any claim for reduction of the
     principal  amount of the VAT Escrow Note on the Release Date, (i) KCS shall
     deliver to MM that  number of Shares as equal the portion of the VAT Escrow
     Note which is not subject to such  dispute,  if any, and shall  deliver the
     balance,  if any,  upon  agreement of the Parties or a Final  Resolution of
     such  dispute,  and (ii) the Escrow  Agent  shall  continue to hold the VAT
     Escrow Note, as reduced by any partial  payment  thereof in accordance with
     this Section  4(c),  in accordance  with the terms of this  Agreement,  and
     shall  deliver  the  VAT  Escrow  Note  to  KCS  upon  receipt  of  written
     instructions  signed by both TMM and KCS as to the  disposition  of the VAT
     Escrow Note, or a Final Resolution of such dispute.

     5.   (a) The Escrow Agent may act or refrain  from acting in reliance  upon
     any instructions,  notice, certification,  demand, consent,  authorization,
     receipt,  power of attorney or other  writing  delivered to it by any other
     party and believed by the Escrow Agent to be genuine without being required
     to determine the authenticity or validity thereof or the correctness of any
     facts  stated  therein.  The Escrow Agent may act or refrain from acting in
     reliance  upon any signature  believed by it to be genuine,  and may assume
     that any such person has been properly authorized to do so.

          (b) The Parties hereto, jointly and severally,  agree to reimburse the
     Escrow  Agent on demand for,  and to  indemnify  and hold the Escrow  Agent
     harmless against and with respect to, any and all loss,  liability,  damage
     or expense  (including,  without  limitation,  reasonable  attorneys' fees,
     costs and  disbursements)  that the  Escrow  Agent  may  suffer or incur in
     connection  with  this  Agreement  in  its  performance   hereunder  or  in
     connection herewith,  except to the extent such loss, liability,  damage or
     expense  is  caused  by the  Escrow  Agent's  willful  misconduct  or gross
     negligence as adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction.  The Escrow
     Agent  shall  have the right to apply the VAT  Escrow  held by it in escrow
     hereunder, and

<PAGE>

     any proceeds  thereof,  to the payment of any amounts owing to it by TMM or
     KCS hereunder upon one (1) Business Days' notice to TMM and KCS.

          (c) As  between  themselves,  KCS and TMM agree that in the event that
     the Escrow  Agent  exercises  its right to apply  funds from the VAT Escrow
     Note to the payment of any amounts  owing to it  hereunder  ("Escrow  Agent
     Receivable")  as a  result  of the  failure  of  one of KCS or TMM to  make
     payment in full of 50% of the Escrow Agent  Receivable in  accordance  with
     Section 11 hereof,  such  non-paying  Party shall promptly  transfer to the
     account  of  the  other  Party  in  accordance   with  such  other  Party's
     instructions  in  immediately  available  funds  an  amount  equal  to  the
     difference  between 50% of the Escrow Agent  Receivable and the amount,  if
     any,  actually paid by the non-paying  Party to the Escrow Agent in respect
     of the  Escrow  Agent  Receivable.  In the  event  that  the  Escrow  Agent
     exercises  its right to apply funds from the VAT Escrow Note to the payment
     of the Escrow  Agent  Receivable  as a result of the failure of both of KCS
     and TMM to make  payment in full of 50% of the Escrow Agent  Receivable  in
     accordance  with  Section  11  hereof,  each such  non-paying  Party  shall
     promptly transfer to the account of the other Party in accordance with such
     other Party's  instructions in immediately  available funds an amount equal
     to the  difference  between  50% of the  Escrow  Agent  Receivable  and the
     amount,  if any,  actually paid by the non-paying Party to the Escrow Agent
     in respect of the Escrow Agent Receivable.

     6.   (a) The Escrow Agent may consult legal counsel of its selection in the
     event of any dispute or question as to the meaning or  construction  of any
     of the  provisions of this  Agreement or its duties  hereunder,  including,
     without  limitation,  the validity of any order of any court or arbitration
     tribunal,  and it shall incur no liability and shall be fully  protected in
     acting  or  refraining  from  acting in  accordance  with the  opinion  and
     instructions of such counsel

          (b) Each of the Parties  acknowledges and agrees that the Escrow Agent
     (i)  shall  not be  deemed  to  have  knowledge  of  the  terms  of,  or be
     responsible  for, any of the  agreements  referred to or  described  herein
     (including,  without limitation,  the Acquisition Agreement,  but excluding
     this  Agreement)  or for  determining  compliance  therewith  and shall not
     otherwise  be bound  thereby  and  (ii)  shall  be  obligated  only for the
     performance of such duties as are  specifically set forth in this Agreement
     on its part to be performed  and no implied  duties or  obligations  of any
     kind shall be read into this Agreement against the Escrow Agent.

     7. In the event of any  disagreement  between  any of the  Parties  to this
Agreement,  any  adverse  claims or demands  being made in  connection  with the
subject  matter of the escrow,  or in the event that the Escrow  Agent,  in good
faith, is in doubt as to what action it should take hereunder,  the Escrow Agent
may,  at its  option,  refuse to comply  with any claims  and  demands on it and
retain in its possession  without liability to anyone all or any of the property
held by it

<PAGE>

hereunder,  or  refuse  to take  any  other  action  hereunder,  so long as such
disagreement  continues or such doubt exists.  The Escrow Agent shall not become
liable in any way or to any  person  for its  failure  or refusal to act in such
event, and the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to continue to refrain from acting
until  (i)  the  rights  of all  parties  shall  have  been  fully  and  finally
adjudicated  by a final  order,  decree,  or judgment of a court or  arbitration
tribunal of competent  jurisdiction (and in the case of an arbitration tribunal,
accompanied  by a certificate  signed by an  Appropriate  Officer of KCS and TMM
stating that such arbitration was undertaken in accordance with Section 12.11 or
10.5 of the  Acquisition  Agreement),  accompanied by an opinion of counsel that
such order, decree or judgment is final, or (ii) all differences shall have been
resolved by agreement among all the interested  persons,  and Escrow Agent shall
have been notified  thereof in writing signed by all such persons.  Escrow Agent
shall have the option, after thirty (30) calendar days notice to the Parties, of
its intention to do so, to file an action in interpleader  requiring the Parties
to answer and litigate any claims and rights among themselves. The rights of the
Escrow Agent under this  paragraph  are  cumulative of all other rights which it
may have by law or otherwise.

     8. Notice to the Parties shall be given as provided  below.  Whenever under
the terms hereof the time for giving a notice or  performing an act falls upon a
Saturday, a Sunday or a banking holiday in New York, such time shall be extended
to the next day on which the Escrow Agent is open for business.

     9. The Escrow Agent may, in its sole  discretion,  resign and terminate its
position  hereunder  at any time  following  thirty (30)  calendar  days written
notice to the other Parties to the Escrow Agreement. Prior to the effective date
of  resignation  specified  in such notice,  the Parties will jointly  appoint a
successor  escrow agent. On the effective date of such  appointment,  the Escrow
Agent shall  deliver  this Escrow  Agreement  together  with any and all related
instruments or documents and all of the funds,  securities,  documents and other
assets  held in escrow  hereunder  to any  successor  escrow  agent  selected in
writing by Parties to this Agreement.  If a successor  escrow agent has not been
appointed  prior to the  expiration of thirty (30)  calendar days  following the
date  of  notice  of  such  resignation,   then  (i)  the  Escrow  Agent's  sole
responsibility  after that time shall be to safekeep the property held in escrow
by it hereunder  until receipt by it of designation of a successor  escrow agent
and (ii) the Escrow Agent may petition any court of competent  jurisdiction  for
the appointment of a successor escrow agent, or other  appropriate  relief.  Any
such  resulting  appointment  shall  be  binding  upon all the  Parties  to this
Agreement.

     10. The Parties to this Agreement may by mutual written  agreement,  with a
copy of such agreement  forwarded to the Escrow Agent,  at any time substitute a
new escrow agent by giving ten (10) days notice  thereof to the Escrow Agent and
paying all fees and  expenses  due to the Escrow  Agent.  Any such  substitution
shall terminate all obligations and duties of the Escrow

<PAGE>

Agent hereunder.  On the effective date of such  substitution,  the Escrow Agent
shall deliver this  Agreement  together with any and all related  instruments or
documents and all of the funds,  securities,  documents and other assets held in
escrow  hereunder to a successor  escrow agent that the Parties have selected in
writing.

     11. The Escrow Agent shall  receive the fees provided in Appendix B hereto.
Except as provided in Section  5(b),  the Escrow Agent shall not be permitted to
utilize the Escrow Fund to cover any of its fees or expenses.  TMM and KCS agree
as between  themselves  that all fees and  expenses of the Escrow Agent shall be
paid equally (50% by KCS and 50% by TMM).

     12.  Any  modification  of this  Agreement  or any  additional  obligations
assumed by any party  hereto  shall be binding  only if  evidenced  by a writing
signed  by each of the  parties  hereto.  Upon the  earlier  to occur of (i) the
reduction of the VAT Escrow Note in full principal  amount, or (ii) the delivery
of the VAT Escrow Note to KCS, this Agreement shall be thereupon  terminated and
of no further force or effect;  provided that the provisions of Section 5(b) and
11 (for the period prior to such termination, resignation or substitution) shall
survive the termination of this Agreement and the resignation or substitution of
the Escrow Agent.

     13. This  Agreement  shall be governed by the laws of the state of New York
in all respects.  The Parties hereto irrevocably and  unconditionally  submit to
the  jurisdiction  of a federal or state court located in New York,  New York in
connection with any proceedings commenced regarding this Agreement including but
not limited to a interpleader proceeding or a proceeding for the employment of a
successor  escrow agent. The Parties  irrevocably  submit to the jurisdiction of
such courts for the  determination  of all issues in such  proceedings,  without
regard  to any  principles  of  conflicts  of laws,  and  irrevocably  waive any
objection to venue or inconvenient forum.

     14. This  Agreement  may be executed in one or more  counterparts,  each of
which  counterpart  shall  be  deemed  to  be  an  original  and  all  of  which
counterparts, taken together, shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

     15. Unless otherwise provided herein, all notices and other  communications
hereunder  shall be in writing  and shall be deemed  given if (a)  delivered  in
person, (b) transmitted by facsimile (with written confirmation),  (c) mailed by
certified or  registered  mail (return  receipt  requested)  (in which case such
notice  shall be  deemed  given on the  third day  after  such  mailing)  or (d)
delivered by an express  courier (with written  confirmation)  to the Parties at
the  following  addresses  (or at such  other  address  for a party  as shall be
specified by like notice):

<PAGE>

         If to Grupo TMM:

         Grupo TMM, S.A.
         Avenida de la Cuspide, No. 4755
         Colonia Parques del Pedregal
         14010 Mexico, D.F.
         Attention:  Corporate Secretary

         CT Corporation
         1209 Orange Street
         Wilmington, Delaware 19801

         With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

         Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP
         One Chase Manhattan Plaza
         New York, New York 10005
         Attention:  Thomas C. Janson, Esq.

         If to KCS:

         By U.S. Mail:
         Kansas City Southern
         P.O. Box 219335
         Kansas City, MO 64121-9335
         Attention:  Senior Vice President and General Counsel

         By Delivery Service:
         Kansas City Southern
         427 West 12th Street
         Kansas City, MO 64105
         Attention:  Senior Vice President and General Counsel

         With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

         Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal LLP
         4520 Main Street, Suite 1100
         Kansas City, MO 64111
         Attention:  John F. Marvin, Esq.

<PAGE>

         If to the Escrow Agent:

         The Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York
         One Liberty Plaza
         New York, NY  10006
         Attention John Neylan

         With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice) to:

         Shearman & Sterling LLP
         599 Lexington Avenue
         New York, NY  10022
         Attention:  Helen Doo

Any Party hereto may from time to time change its address for notices under this
Section 16 giving at least ten (10) days' notice of such changed  address to the
other Parties hereto.

                            SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOWING

<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Parties and the Escrow Agent have  executed  this
Agreement as of the date first above written.

                               KANSAS CITY SOUTHERN

                               By:  /s/ Michael R. Haverty
                                  -----------------------------
                               Name:    Michael R. Haverty
                               Title:   Chairman, President & CEO

                               KARA SUB, INC.

                               By:  /s/ Ronald G. Russ
                                  -----------------------------
                               Name:    Ronald G. Russ
                               Title:   Vice President

                               KCS INVESTMENT I, LTD.

                               By:  /s/ Ronald G. Russ
                                  -----------------------------
                               Name:    Ronald G. Russ
                               Title:   Vice President

                               KCS ACQUISITION SUBSIDIARY, INC.

                               By:  /s/ Ronald G. Russ
                                  -----------------------------
                               Name:    Ronald G. Russ
                               Title:   Vice President

                               CAYMEX TRANSPORTATION, INC.

                               By:  /s/ Jay M. Nadlman
                                  -----------------------------
                               Name:    Jay M. Nadlman
                               Title:   Vice President & Secretary


                               GRUPO TMM, S.A.

                               By:  /s/ Jose F. Serrano Segovia
                                  -----------------------------
                               Name:    Jose F. Serrano Segovia
                               Title:   Attorney in Fact


                               By:  /s/ Javier Segovia Serrano
                                  -----------------------------
                               Name:    Javier Segovia Serrano
                               Title:   Attorney in Fact

                               TMM HOLDINGS, S.A. de C.V.

                               By:  /s/ Jose F. Serrano Segovia
                                  -----------------------------
                               Name:    Jose F. Serrano Segovia
                               Title:   Attorney in Fact

                               By:  /s/ Javier Segovia Serrano
                                  -----------------------------
                               Name:    Javier Segovia Serrano
                               Title:   Attorney in Fact

                               TMM MULTIMODAL, S.A. de C.V.

                               By:  /s/ Jose F. Serrano Segovia
                                  -----------------------------
                               Name:    Jose F. Serrano Segovia
                               Title:   Attorney in Fact

                               By:  /s/ Javier Segovia Serrano
                                  -----------------------------
                               Name:    Javier Segovia Serrano
                               Title:   Attorney in Fact

                               The Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York

                               By:  /s/ Andrew Bicker
                                  -----------------------------
                               Name:    Andrew Bicker
                               Title:   Associate Director

<PAGE>

                                   APPENDIX A
                         [INSTRUCTIONS TO ESCROW AGENT]

<PAGE>

                                   APPENDIX B
                                     [FEES]




