
<PAGE>

                                                                      Exhibit 99

D U S A(R)
INNOVATION IN PHOTODYNAMIC THERAPY

DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc.(R)

                         DUSA PHARMACEUTICALS FILES SUIT
                          AGAINST COMPOUNDING PHARMACY

Wilmington, MA. December 27, 2004 - DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ NMS:
DUSA) reported today that it has filed a lawsuit against New England Compounding
Center (NECC) of Framingham, Massachusetts alleging violations of U.S. patent
law. The suit has been filed in the United States District Court in Boston,
Massachusetts.

In addition, DUSA believes that certain actions of NECC go beyond the activities
which are permitted under the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, and as a result, it
has advised the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and local health
authorities of its concerns.

Dr. Geoffrey Shulman, DUSA's President and CEO, stated, "We have taken this
action to protect our proprietary intellectual property position from pharmacies
such as the NECC that are promoting and selling ALA of unknown quality from
unknown sources. In addition, we intend to protect against damage to our
product's reputation that might arise from the use of what could be an unsafe
copy of our products. The recent serious incidents involving the use of non-FDA
approved botulinum toxin illustrate how important it is to be proactive in this
regard."

DUSA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company engaged primarily in
the development of Levulan Photodynamic Therapy (PDT) and Photodetection (PD)
for multiple medical indications, with its primary focus in dermatology. PDT and
PD utilize light-activated compounds such as Levulan to induce a therapeutic or
detection effect. The Company maintains offices in Wilmington, MA, Valhalla, NY,
and Toronto, Ontario.

Except for historical information, this news release contains certain
forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risk and
uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from any
future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the
statements made. These forward-looking statements relate to the Company's belief
regarding NECC activities and its intention to protect its product's reputation
and other risks identified in DUSA's SEC filings from time to time.

For further information contact:
D. Geoffrey Shulman, MD, President and CEO
or Shari Lovell, Director, Shareholder Services
Tel: 416.363.5059 Fax 416.363.6602
or visit www.dusapharma.com

