
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.2

        INTERMET CORPORATION
        5445 Corporate Drive
        Troy, MI 48098-2683
        Tel: 248-952-2500
        Fax: 248-952-2501


[INTERMET CORPORATION LOGO]

                                                           NEWS RELEASE

                                                           For IMMEDIATE Release
                                                           Contact: Mike Kelly
                                                           INTERMET Corporation
                                                           248-952-2500


INTERMET REACHES AGREEMENTS WITH MAJOR CUSTOMERS TO AMEND CONTRACTS

COMPANY INTENDS TO WITHDRAW MOTION TO REJECT SUPPLY CONTRACTS

TROY, Mich., December 28, 2004 - INTERMET Corporation (INMTQ.PK) announced today
that it has reached agreements with its largest customers to amend certain
purchase orders and contracts on mutually satisfactory terms, primarily related
to the recovery of scrap-steel and other raw-material costs. INTERMET intends to
file a motion today with the Bankruptcy Court for authority to assume these
agreements. If the motion is approved by the court, INTERMET intends to withdraw
the motion it filed with the court on November 17, 2004, for authority to reject
certain executory customer supply contracts.

"We are pleased that agreements have been reached with these important
customers, who represent nearly 80 percent of the company's North American
business," said Gary F. Ruff, INTERMET's Chairman and CEO. "It is a major step
in the right direction as we continue with our restructuring process. We
appreciate the support of our customers and we remain committed to helping them
meet their needs with quality cast-metal components."

INTERMET informed certain customers in mid-November that it was asking for court
authority to reject contracts determined to be burdensome because of terms that
did not allow sufficient recovery of raw material costs, primarily scrap steel.

Terms of the amended agreements were not disclosed.

About INTERMET

With headquarters in Troy, Michigan, INTERMET Corporation is a manufacturer of
powertrain, chassis/suspension and structural components for the automotive
industry. The company has approximately 5,800 employees worldwide. More
information is available on the Internet at www.intermet.com. Specific
information relating to the Chapter 11 cases filed by INTERMET and certain of
its domestic subsidiaries can be found on the Internet at www.administar.net.



<PAGE>

                                     (more)

INTERMET Corporation
December 28, 2004
Page 2


Cautionary Statement

This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The word "intends" and similar
words and expressions identify forward-looking statements. These statements are
not guarantees of future performance but instead involve various risks and
uncertainties. INTERMET's actual results may differ materially from those
suggested by its forward-looking statements due to factors such as: the economic
cost, management distraction and lost business opportunities associated with
bankruptcy proceedings; INTERMET's ability to consummate its anticipated DIP
financing; the high cost of scrap steel and the possibility that scrap steel
costs will remain at high levels or continue to increase, which would have
further negative effects on INTERMET's profitability, cash flow, liquidity and
ability to borrow; fluctuations in the cost of other raw materials, including
the cost of energy, aluminum, zinc, magnesium and alloys, and INTERMET's
ability, if any, to pass those costs on to its customers; pricing practices of
INTERMET's customers, including changes in their payment terms resulting from
the discontinuation of early payment programs and continuing demands for price
concessions as a condition to retaining current business or obtaining new
business, and the negative effect that price concessions have on profit margins;
changes in procurement practices and policies of INTERMET's customers for
automotive components, including the risk of the loss of major customers or the
loss of current or prospective vehicle programs as a result of INTERMET's
financial condition and prospects (or otherwise); possible inability to close
unprofitable plants or to transfer work from one plant to another because of the
related costs or customer requirements; general economic conditions, including
any downturn in the markets in which INTERMET operates; fluctuations in
automobile and light and heavy truck production, which directly affect demand
for INTERMET's products; deterioration in the market share of any of INTERMET's
major customers; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; work stoppages
or other labor disputes that could disrupt production at INTERMET's facilities
or those of its customers; continuing changes in environmental regulations to
which INTERMET is subject, and the costs INTERMET will incur in meeting more
stringent regulations; factors or presently unknown circumstances that may
result in impairment of INTERMET's assets, including further write-downs of its
goodwill; and other risks as detailed from time to time in INTERMET's periodic
SEC reports.


                                       ###


