

                                                                    Exhibit 99.1


                   [LETTERHEAD OF UNITED NATURAL FOODS, INC.]


For Immediate Release
December 28, 2004

          Whole Foods Market(R) and United Natural Foods, Inc. Announce
     Definitive Three-Year Distribution Agreement Commencing January 1, 2005

AUSTIN, TEXAS / DAYVILLE, CONN. - December 28, 2004 -- Whole Foods Market, Inc.
(Nasdaq: WFMI) and United Natural Foods, Inc. (Nasdaq: UNFI) today announced a
definitive three-year Distribution Agreement set to commence on January 1, 2005
under which UNFI will continue to serve as the primary U.S. distributor to WFMI
in the regions where they currently serve.

The new three-year Distribution Agreement between Whole Foods Market
Distribution, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Whole Foods Market, and UNFI is
consistent with the terms and conditions of their existing agreement, which is
scheduled to expire on December 31, 2004.

"Whole Foods Market and UNFI have a long history of working together to provide
shoppers with the highest quality organic and natural foods, and we look forward
to continuing our long and successful relationship," said Betsy Foster, Vice
President of purchasing and distribution for Whole Foods Market.

"Whole Foods Market has been a long-standing, valued customer since 1996 and
United Natural Foods looks forward to building upon our strategic partnership,"
Steven Townsend, United Natural Foods' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
said. "Throughout our organization customer satisfaction is the number one
priority and this renewed agreement allows us to continue to provide Whole Foods
Market with the widest selection of natural and organic products of the highest
quality."

About Whole Foods Market:

Founded in 1980 in Austin, Texas, Whole Foods Market (www.wholefoodsmarket.com)
is the world's leading natural and organic foods supermarket and America's first
national certified organic grocer. In fiscal year 2004, the company had sales of
$3.9 billion and currently has more than 165 stores in the United States,
Canada, and the United Kingdom. The Whole Foods Market motto, "Whole Foods,
Whole People, Whole Planet"(R) captures the company's mission to find success in
customer satisfaction and wellness, employee excellence and happiness, enhanced
shareholder value, community support and environmental improvement. Whole Foods
Market, Harry's Farmers Market(R), and Fresh & Wild(R) are trademarks owned by
Whole Foods Market IP, LP. Whole Foods Market employs more than 32,000 team
members and has been ranked for seven consecutive years as one of the "100 Best
Companies to Work for in America" by Fortune magazine.

"Safe Harbor" Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995: Statements in this press release regarding Whole Foods Market's business
which are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" that involve
risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, which
could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking
statements, including but not limited to general business conditions, the impact
of competition and our dependence on principal customers, see "Risk Factors" in
the Company's annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on December 10, 2004, and its other filings under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any forward-looking statements are made
pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and, as such,

<PAGE>

speak only as of the date made. The Company is not undertaking to update any
information in the foregoing reports until the effective date of its future
reports required by applicable laws. Any projections of future results of
operations should not be construed in any manner as a guarantee that such
results will in fact occur. These projections are subject to change and could
differ materially from final reported results. The Company may from time to time
update these publicly announced projections, but it is not obligated to do so.

SOURCE: Whole Foods Market, Inc.

CONTACT:

Media Relations Contact: Ashley Hawkins, Whole Foods Market, 1+512-485-3600
Investor Relations Contact: Cindy McCann, Vice President of Investor Relations,
Whole Foods Market, 1+512-477-4455

About United Natural Foods

United Natural Foods, Inc. carries and distributes over 43,000 products to more
than 21,000 customers nationwide. The Company serves a wide variety of retail
formats including conventional supermarket chains, natural product superstores,
independent retail operators and the food service channel. For more information
on United Natural Foods, Inc., visit the Company's website at www.unfi.com.

"Safe Harbor" Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995: Statements in this press release regarding the Company's business that are
not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" that involve risks and
uncertainties. For a discussion of such risks and uncertainties, which could
cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking
statements, including but not limited to general business conditions, the impact
of competition and our dependence on principal customers, see "Risk Factors" in
the Company's first quarter fiscal 2005 report on Form 10-Q filed with the
Commission on December 10, 2004, and its other filings under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any forward-looking statements are made
pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and, as such,
speak only as of the date made. The Company is not undertaking to update any
information in the foregoing reports until the effective date of its future
reports required by applicable laws. Any projections of future results of
operations should not be construed in any manner as a guarantee that such
results will in fact occur. These projections are subject to change and could
differ materially from final reported results. The Company may from time to time
update these publicly announced projections, but it is not obligated to do so.

SOURCE: United Natural Foods, Inc.

CONTACT: Rick D. Puckett, Vice President, CFO and Treasurer of United Natural
Foods, 1-860-779-2800, or Joseph Calabrese, General Information, Financial
Relations Board, 1-212-827-3772

