

                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

              NOVADEL NAMES MICHAEL SPICER CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

FLEMINGTON,  NJ DEC. 22 - NovaDel Pharma, Inc. (Amex: NVD), today announced that
it has appointed  Michael E. Spicer to the position of chief financial  officer.
Mr. Spicer brings NovaDel over 20 years'  experience in finance,  accounting and
general  management.  "Mike is joining  NovaDel at a critical  time--our  senior
management  team has been  greatly  strengthened  over  the past  year  with the
addition of highly experienced industry executives,  we have filed the first NDA
from our  pipeline of  compounds  and we have  concluded  a number of  important
marketing  collaborations,"  said Gary A. Shangold,  MD, NovaDel's president and
chief executive  officer.  "Mike's strong record of accomplishment in overseeing
the  financial  management of rapidly  growing life  sciences  companies and his
successful  experience in serving as the CFO of a publicly-traded firm should be
of great value to NovaDel as we enter this next phase of our development."

NovaDel is developing its proprietary lingual spray (oral spray) technology as a
novel,  effective  drug  delivery  system with the potential for faster onset of
action, a favorable safety profile and improved patient compliance.

Mr.  Spicer joins  NovaDel from Orchid  BioSciences  Inc. a leading  provider of
identity genetics testing  services,  where he was chief financial  officer.  At
Orchid  he  played a key role in the  successful  capital  restructuring  of the
company and its recent achievement of quarterly  operating  profitability.  From
1998 to 2001, Mr. Spicer was chief financial officer for Lifecodes  Corporation,
and also served as general manager for one of Lifecodes'  significant  operating
divisions. Lifecodes was acquired by Orchid in 2001.

Prior to  joining  Lifecodes,  Mr.  Spicer's  background  includes  finance  and
accounting  positions  at White River  Corporation,  The Chinet  Company,  Kraft
General  Foods,  and  Deloitte  &  Touche.  Mr.  Spicer  is a  Certified  Public
Accountant and holds an  undergraduate  degree in Accounting from the University
of Virginia and an MBA from Harvard Business School.

ABOUT NOVADEL PHARMA, INC.

NovaDel  Pharma,  Inc.  is a  specialty  pharmaceutical  company  engaged in the
development of novel drug delivery systems for prescription and over-the-counter
drugs. The company's proprietary lingual spray technology delivery system offers
the patient  the  potential  for (i) fast onset of action;  (ii)  improved  drug
safety by reducing the required  drug dosage and reducing  side  effects;  (iii)
improved   patient   convenience  and  compliance;   and  (iv)  enhanced  dosage
reliability.  The  company  plans to develop  such  products  independently  and
through  collaborative   arrangements  with  major  pharmaceutical  and  biotech
companies.  More  information  about  NovaDel  can be  found on its  website  at
www.novadel.com.

                                      # # #

<Page>

Except for  historical  information  contained  herein,  this document  contains
forwardlooking   statements  within  the  meaning  of  the  Private   Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements  involve known and unknown risks
and uncertainties  that may cause the Company's actual results or outcomes to be
materially different from those anticipated and discussed herein including,  but
not  limited  to,  the  successful   completion  of  its  pilot  pharmacokinetic
feasibility studies, the ability to develop products  (independently and through
collaborative  arrangements),  the ability to  commercialize  and obtain FDA and
other regulatory  approvals for products under development and the acceptance in
the marketplace for lingual spray  products..  Further,  the Company operates in
industries  where securities may be volatile and may be influenced by regulatory
and other  factors  beyond the  Company's  control.  Important  factors that the
Company  believes might cause such differences are discussed in the risk factors
detailed in the Company's most recent Annual Report and Registration Statements,
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  In assessing forward-looking
statements  contained  herein, if any, the reader is urged to carefully read all
cautionary statements contained in such filings.

12/22/04

Contact:

        Barry C. Cohen                               Thomas Redington
        VP Business & New Product Development        203 222-7399
        908 782-3431  x2160                          212 926-1733
        NovaDel Pharma Inc.                          tredington@redingtoninc.com

