
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

TERAYON ANNOUNCES RESIGNATION OF EDWARD LOPEZ AS GENERAL COUNSEL

      Santa Clara, CA -- December 17, 2004 -- Terayon Communication Systems,
Inc. (Nasdaq: TERN), a leading provider of digital video and content access
solutions, today announced that Edward Lopez has notified the company of his
intention to resign as senior vice president, general counsel and human
resources effective December 31, 2004 to pursue other career opportunities. Mark
Richman, Terayon's senior vice president, finance and administration and chief
financial officer, will assume Lopez's responsibilities upon his departure.

      Lopez joined Terayon in 1999 as the company's first general counsel and
subsequently assumed responsibility for human resources and other administrative
functions. Most recently Lopez also served as the company's acting chief
financial officer.

      "I want to thank Ed for his many valued contributions to Terayon over the
past five years, and wish him well in his future endeavors," said Jerry Chase,
CEO, Terayon. "Ed's leadership in the company has been a constant during a time
of many changes, and Ed has been instrumental in establishing strong corporate
governance and company policies and practices that provide a solid foundation
for Terayon going forward. While we will certainly miss Ed's abilities, we are
fortunate that Mark has recently joined us and that he has the necessary
experience to assume responsibility for the company's legal and human resources
operations upon Ed's departure."

      Richman joined Terayon in November 2004 with over 20 years of financial
management and senior administration experience. His areas of responsibility
will now include the company's legal and human resources operations, in addition
to managing all aspects of the company's corporate finance, accounting, investor
relations, real estate and information technology functions.

ABOUT TERAYON

      Terayon Communication Systems, Inc. provides digital video and content
access solutions for broadband providers, cable companies, satellite operators
and broadcasters for the delivery of advanced, carrier-class voice, data and
video services. Terayon, headquartered in Santa Clara, California, has sales and
support offices worldwide, and is traded on the Nasdaq
<PAGE>
under the symbol TERN. Terayon can be found on the web at www.terayon.com.

                                       ###

Press contact:                                        Investor contact:
Rebecca West                                          Kristin Stokan
AtomicPR                                              Terayon Director, Finance
(415) 703-9454                                        (408) 486-5206
rebecca@atomicpr.com                                  kristin.stokan@terayon.com


"Safe Harbor" Statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995: Except for the historical information contained herein, this news release
contains forward-looking statements including statements of management's opinion
or expectations. These statements are estimates and assumptions by Terayon and
other parties that involve risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in
Terayon's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
Terayon's 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2004 and 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2003. Terayon is not obligated to (and expressly disclaims
any obligation to) revise/update any forward-looking statements in order to
reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this release.

Note: Terayon and the Terayon logo are registered trademarks of Terayon
Communication Systems, Inc. All other trademarks are property of their
respective owners.

