
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

          Paul G. Casner, Jr. Retiring from DRS Technologies

    PARSIPPANY, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 23, 2004--DRS
Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:DRS) today announced that Paul G. Casner,
Jr., the company's executive vice president and chief operating
officer, plans to retire on March 31, 2005, the close of the company's
fiscal year.
    Consistent with DRS's succession planning initiatives, Mr.
Casner's retirement is supported by the company's new operating
structure announced last fiscal year, whereby the company realigned
all of its operating units into two operating segments led by two
group presidents. Effective with Mr. Casner's retirement, Fred L.
Marion, president of DRS's Surveillance & Reconnaissance Group, and
Steven T. Schorer, president of DRS's C4I Group, will report directly
to Mark S. Newman, chairman, president and chief executive officer of
DRS Technologies.
    "It has been an exceptional honor and privilege to work with Paul
over the last 11 years," said Mr. Newman. "All of us at DRS wish him
the best as he moves into a well-deserved retirement."
    Mr. Newman added, "I look forward to working directly with Fred
Marion and Steve Schorer, as they continue in their key operating
roles."

    Paul G. Casner's Background

    Mr. Casner, who will be 67 in January, joined DRS in 1993 with the
acquisition of Technology Applications & Service Company, where he
served as chairman and chief executive officer. In 1994, he was
appointed to the position of president of DRS's former Electronic
Systems Group. In 1998, he was named executive vice president,
operations, of the company, and in 2000, became chief operating
officer.
    Prior to joining DRS, Mr. Casner was employed at Norden Systems,
Inc. in various senior positions, including vice president and general
manager of the Marine Systems Division, senior vice president of
engineering and vice president and general manager of its Maryland
Operations, and president and chief executive officer of its Norden
Service Company, Inc. unit. Earlier, Mr. Casner co-founded American
Computer and Electronics Corporation and served as executive vice
president of its Federal Systems Division, after 16 years in system
engineering and management positions at the Applied Physics Laboratory
of Johns Hopkins University.

    DRS Technologies, headquartered in Parsippany, New Jersey,
provides leading edge products and services to defense, government
intelligence and commercial customers. Focused on defense technology,
DRS develops and manufactures a broad range of mission critical
systems. The company employs 5,800 people worldwide.

    For more information about DRS Technologies, please visit the
company's Web site at http://www.drs.com.

    CONTACT: DRS Technologies, Inc., Parsippany
             Patricia M. Williamson, 973-898-1500

