
BriteSmile Announces Up To $16 Million In Financing
Friday December 17, 8:01 am ET

WALNUT CREEK, Calif., Dec. 17 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- BriteSmile, Inc.(Nasdaq:
BSML - News),  a  leading  international  provider  of  state-of-the-art  teeth-
whitening  systems,  announced  today  that  it has  entered  into a  definitive
agreement for the private  placement of up to $16 million in Senior  Convertible
Notes (the "Notes").

The Company has agreed to sell $12 million of the Notes to seven investors who
have the option within 180 days to purchase up to an additional $4 million under
the same terms. The investors include qualified institutional buyers and LCO
Investments Limited, the Company's largest shareholder. The proceeds from the
sale of the Notes will be used to fund the continuation of the Company's spa
roll-out strategy, expansion of the International Associated Center footprint,
the establishment of International spas and for working capital purposes.

The Notes accrue interest at 5% per annum or 6 month LIBOR plus 300bp, whichever
is greater (capped at 8%), payable in cash or registered stock. The Notes are
convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at a per share conversion
price of $7.61, which is 115% of the volume-weighted average price of the common
stock during the ten day period immediately prior to signing of the transaction
documents. The Notes will be repaid in monthly installments over 36 months
beginning in June 2006 in cash or registered stock. The Company also issued to
the investors five year warrants for 544,253 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $7.61 per share.

Merriman Curhan Ford & Co. acted as the sole placement agent in this
transaction. The Company will file a registration statement covering the shares
purchased in the transaction.

BriteSmile has developed and manufactures the most advanced teeth whitening
technology available, as well as manages state-of-the-art BriteSmile
Professional Teeth Whitening Centers. BriteSmile Centers are currently operating
in Beverly Hills, Irvine, Palo Alto, Walnut Creek and La Jolla, CA; Houston, TX;
Denver, CO; Boston, MA; Boca Raton, FL; Atlanta, GA; New York, NY; Chicago and
Woodfield, IL; and, Phoenix, AZ. In addition to BriteSmile Centers, the Company
has established more than 5,000 Associated Centers. Of the BriteSmile Associated
Centers, more than 2000 are located outside of the United States, in more than
75 countries. For more information about BriteSmile's procedure, call
1-800-BRITESMILE or visit the Company's Website at http://www.britesmile.com .

This release, other than historical information, consists of forward- looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties such as the Company's ability to
continue past revenue and EBITDA growth, its ability to establish Associated
Centers and Professional Teeth Whitening Centers, the ability of those Centers
to attract clients, the development and introduction of new products, acceptance
of those new products in the marketplace, development of new strategic and
marketing relationships in the United States and internationally, and the
Company's continued ability to secure financing to support its expansion.
Readers are referred to the documents filed by BriteSmile with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, specifically the Company's most


<PAGE>


recent reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, that identify important risk factors
which could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the
forward-looking statements. BriteSmile and its affiliates disclaim any intent or
obligation to update these forward-looking statements.


Source: BriteSmile, Inc.



