
<PAGE>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 4.1


                  CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION SETTING FORTH THE
                     VOTING POWER, PREFERENCES AND RELATIVE,
                           PARTICIPATING, OPTIONAL AND
                              OTHER SPECIAL RIGHTS
                         AND QUALIFICATIONS, LIMITATIONS
                                AND RESTRICTIONS
                                     OF THE
                      SERIES C CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK
                                       OF
                        SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM, INC.

                             Pursuant to Section 151
                         of the General Corporation Law
                            of the State of Delaware

      Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc. (the "Company"), a corporation organized
and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, does
hereby certify that, pursuant to authority conferred upon the board of directors
of the Company (the "Board of Directors") by its Third Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and restated (the "Certificate of
Incorporation"), and pursuant to the provisions of Section 151 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the Board of Directors, on September
28, 2004 duly approved and adopted the following resolution (the "Resolution"):

      WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company is authorized by its
Certificate of Incorporation to issue up to one million (1,000,000) shares of
preferred stock in one or more series and, in connection with the creation of
any series, to fix by the resolutions providing for the issuance of shares the
powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other
rights of the series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions
thereof; and

      WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Directors of the Company,
pursuant to such authority, to authorize and fix the terms and provisions of a
series of preferred stock, classes of such series of preferred stock and the
number of shares constituting such classes;

      NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that there is hereby authorized a series
of preferred stock on the terms and with the provisions herein set forth on
Annex A attached to this resolution.

                                      /s/ Raul Alarcon, Jr.
                                      ---------------------------------
                                      Name:  Raul Alarcon, Jr.
                                      Title: Chairman of the Board of Directors,
                                             Chief Executive Officer and
                                             President

ATTEST:

/s/ Joseph A. Garcia
- ---------------------------------
Name:  Joseph A. Garcia
Title: Executive Vice President,
       Chief Financial Officer and
       Secretary


<PAGE>

                                     ANNEX A

                      SERIES C CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

      The powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating,
optional or other rights of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Spanish
Broadcasting System, Inc. (the "Company") are as follows:

1.    DESIGNATION AND AMOUNT.

      (a)   There is hereby created out of the authorized and unissued shares of
            preferred stock of the Company a series of preferred stock
            designated as the "Series C Convertible Preferred Stock." The number
            of shares constituting such series shall be 600,000 shares, par
            value $0.01 per share, and are referred to as the "Series C
            Preferred Stock."

      (b)   Shares of Series C Preferred Stock that have been issued and
            reacquired in any manner, including shares purchased or redeemed or
            exchanged, shall (upon compliance with any applicable provisions of
            the laws of Delaware) have the status of authorized and unissued
            shares of preferred stock undesignated as to series and may be
            redesignated and reissued as part of any series of preferred stock;
            provided that any issuance of such shares as Series C Preferred
            Stock must be in compliance with the terms hereof.

2.    CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.

            Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms defined in this
      Section 2 shall have, for all purposes of this resolution, the meanings
      herein specified (with terms defined in the singular having comparable
      meanings when used in the plural).

            "Affiliate" of any specified Person means any other Person which
      directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, or is
      controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified Person. For
      the purposes of this definition, "control" (including, with correlative
      meanings, the terms "controlling," "controlled by," and "under common
      control with"), as used with respect to any Person, means the possession,
      directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of
      the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership
      of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise; provided that (a)
      beneficial ownership of at least 10% of the Voting Stock of a Person shall
      be deemed to be control and (b) for purposes of the "Transactions with
      Affiliates" covenant contained in Section 9(b), for so long as Pablo Raul
      Alarcon, Sr. or Raul Alarcon, Jr. are directors, officers or stockholders
      of the Company, they, their respective spouses, lineal descendants and any
      Person controlled by any of them shall be Affiliates of the Company and
      its Subsidiaries.

            "Affiliate Transaction" has the meaning set forth in Section 9(b).

            "Board" or "Board of Directors" shall mean the Board of Directors of
      the Company as from time to time constituted.

            "Business Day" means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a
      day on which banking institutions in the City of New York or at a place of
      payment are authorized by law, regulation or executive order to remain
      closed. If any conversion or payment shall be required by the terms hereof
      to be made on a day that is not a Business Day, such conversion or payment
      shall be made on the immediately succeeding Business Day.

                                        2

<PAGE>

            "Capital Stock" means (i) in the case of a corporation, corporate
      stock, (ii) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all
      shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however
      designated) of corporate stock, (iii) in the case of a partnership or
      limited liability company, partnership or membership interests (whether
      general or limited) and (iv) any other interest or participation that
      confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses
      of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person.

            "Certificate of Designation" means this Certificate of Designation
      setting forth the voting power, preferences and relative, participating,
      optional and other special rights and qualifications, limitations and
      restrictions of the Series C Preferred Stock.

            "Certificate of Incorporation" means the Company's Third Amended and
      Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as the same may be amended from
      time to time.

            "Class A Common Stock" means the shares of Class A Common Stock, par
      value $0.0001 per share, of the Company.

            "Class B Common Stock" means the shares of Class B Common Stock, par
      value $0.0001 per share, of the Company.

            "Common Stock" means the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common
      Stock and any other class of common stock of the Company hereafter created
      and any securities of the Company into which such Common Stock may be
      reclassified, exchanged or converted.

            "Communications Act" means the Communications Act of 1934, as
      amended.

            "Conversion Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 6(a)(iii).

            "Conversion Notice" has the meaning set forth in Section 6(b)(i).

            "DGCL" means the Delaware General Corporation Law.

            "Equity Securities" shall mean shares of Common Stock and all other
      securities of the Company which may be convertible into, exchangeable for,
      exercisable for or issued in exchange for or in respect of, shares of
      Common Stock.

            "Excluded Group" has the meaning set forth in Section 8(f).

            "Excluded Issuances" means (i) issuances of options, warrants,
      subscription rights or other rights to acquire Equity Securities granted
      to the Company's employees, officers, directors, consultants or advisors
      under bona fide employee benefit plans or stock option plans adopted by
      the Board of Directors; (ii) issuances of up to 250,000 shares of Class A
      Common Stock upon the exercise of options previously granted to Arnold
      Sheiffer; (iii) issuances of up to 2,700,000 shares of Class A Common
      Stock upon the exercise of warrants previously granted to the
      International Church of the FourSquare Gospel; (iv) shares of Class A
      Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock or the
      exercise of the Warrant; (v) Equity Securities or other capital stock
      issued as consideration for any acquisition of an entity, a business, line
      of business or significant asset; (vi) Common Stock or other Equity
      Securities issued pursuant to any public offering approved by a majority
      of the Board of Directors; or (vii) shares of Common Stock, preferred
      stock or other Equity Securities issued as a stock dividend or upon a
      subdivision of Equity Securities.

                                        3

<PAGE>

            "FCC" means the United States Federal Communications Commission.

            "Holder" means a holder in whose name a share of Series C Preferred
      Stock is registered.

            "Issue Date" means [date of the Merger].

            "Junior Securities" means all classes of common stock of the Company
      and to each other class of Capital Stock or series of preferred stock of
      the Company created after the Issue Date by the Board of Directors of the
      Company the terms of which do not expressly provide that it ranks on a
      parity with the Series C Preferred Stock as to dividend distributions and
      distributions upon the liquidation, winding-up or dissolution of the
      Company.

            "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on the
      business, assets, operations or financial or other condition of the
      Company and the Company Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

            "Merger Agreement" means the merger agreement dated as of October
      ___, 2004, by and among, Infinity Media Corporation, Infinity Broadcasting
      Corporation of San Francisco, the Company and SBS Bay Area, LLC.

            "Minimum Investment" means 5,700,000 shares of Class A Common Stock,
      including for this purpose Class A Common Stock issuable upon the
      conversion of any Series C Preferred Stock beneficially owned by the
      Holders, which may include Series C Preferred Stock, if any, outstanding
      following exercise of the Warrant.

            "Parity Securities" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.

            "Permitted Business" means the broadcast radio and television
      business, including cable television and any activity reasonably
      incidental thereto.

            "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint
      venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated
      organization, limited liability company or government or any agency or
      political subdivision thereof (including any subdivision or ongoing
      business of any such entity or substantially all of the assets of such
      entity, subdivision or business).

            "Preemptive Offer" has the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).

            "Preemptive Offer Acceptance Notice" has the meaning set forth in
      Section 8(c).

            "Preemptive Offer Period" has the meaning set forth in Section 8(b).

            "Refused Equity Securities" has the meaning set forth in Section
      8(d).

            "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

            "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
      any similar successor statute and the rules and regulations thereunder.

            "Series A Preferred Stock" means the Company's 10 3/4% Series A
      Cumulative Exchangeable Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per
      share.

                                        4

<PAGE>

            "Series B Preferred Stock" means the Company's 10 3/4% Series B
      Cumulative Exchangeable Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per
      share.

            "Series C Preferred Stock" has the meaning set forth in Section
      1(a).

            "Stockholder Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the Merger
      Agreement.

            "Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, any corporation,
      association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total
      voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the
      occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors,
      managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly
      or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of
      that Person (or a combination thereof).

            "Transfer" means, with respect to any shares of Capital Stock, any
      direct or indirect sale, assignment, pledge, offer or other transfer or
      disposal of any interest in such Capital Stock.

            "Transfer Notice" has the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

            "Voting Stock" of any Person as of any date means the Capital Stock
      of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote in the election of the
      Board of Directors of such Person.

            "Warrant" has the meaning set forth in the Merger Agreement.

            "Wholly Owned Subsidiary" of any Person means a Subsidiary of such
      Person all of the outstanding Capital Stock or other ownership interests
      of which (other than directors' qualifying shares) shall at the time be
      owned by such Person or by one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such
      Person and one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person.

3.    RANKING.

            The Series C Preferred Stock shall, with respect to dividend
      distributions and distributions upon the liquidation, winding-up and
      dissolution of the Company, rank (i) subordinate to the Series A Preferred
      Stock and the Series B Preferred Stock; and (ii) subject to certain
      conditions described below, on a parity with the Common Stock and each
      other class or series of capital stock created after the Issue Date by the
      Board of Directors of the Company, the terms of which expressly provide
      that such class or series will rank on a parity with the Series C
      Preferred Stock as to dividend distributions and distributions upon the
      liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of the Company (collectively
      referred to as "Parity Securities").

4.    MANDATORY DIVIDENDS.

            If the Board of Directors declares and pays a dividend in respect of
      any Common Stock, then the Board of Directors shall declare and pay to the
      Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock a mandatory dividend in an amount
      per share of Series C Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of
      Common Stock into which the Series C Preferred Stock is convertible on the
      record date established by the Board of Directors or under applicable law
      for such dividend multiplied by the per share amount declared and paid in
      respect of each share of Common Stock.

                                        5

<PAGE>

5.    DISSOLUTION.

            (a) In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
      the Company occurring prior to December 23, 2008, the Holders of the
      Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive out of assets of the
      Company available for distribution to stockholders of the Company, prior
      and in preference to any distribution to the holders of any Junior Stock,
      an amount per share equal to $0.01.

            (b) After the distribution described in (a) above is made, if any,
      the Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
      participate in the distribution of any amounts available for distribution
      to the holders of the Common Stock in a per share amount equal to the
      number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series C Preferred Stock
      is convertible on the record date established by the Board of Directors or
      under applicable law for such distribution multiplied by the per share
      amount paid in respect of each share of Common Stock.

6.    TRANSFER AND CONVERSION.

            Shares of Series C Preferred Stock may be converted into shares of
      Class A Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in this
      Section 6.

      (a)   Transfers.

            (i)   The Holders of Series C Preferred Stock may not Transfer the
                  shares of Series C Preferred Stock to any Person, other than
                  to an Affiliate, unless the Holder making such Transfer has
                  given the Company written notice of such Holder's intent to
                  Transfer five trading days (or such shorter period as the
                  Company may determine in its sole discretion) prior to such
                  Transfer (the "Transfer Notice"). The Transfer Notice shall be
                  substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. Any
                  Transfer in violation of this Section 6(a), including, without
                  limitation, the failure to submit a Transfer Notice within the
                  specified time to the Company, shall be null and void.

            (ii)  Upon the Transfer of the shares of the Series C Preferred
                  Stock in accordance with Section 6(a)(i) above to any Person
                  other than an Affiliate of a Holder, every share of Series C
                  Preferred Stock so transferred shall automatically convert
                  into twenty fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class A
                  Common Stock (such number of shares subject to adjustment
                  pursuant to Section 6(g) below).

            (iii) Shares of Series C Preferred Stock Transferred to any Person,
                  other than to an Affiliate of the Holders, shall be deemed
                  converted without further action into shares of Class A Common
                  Stock immediately prior to the close of business on the day
                  (the "Conversion Date"). Immediately prior to the close of
                  business on the Conversion Date, the rights of the holders of
                  such shares of Series C Preferred Stock so transferred as a
                  Holder shall cease, and the Person or Persons entitled to
                  receive the Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion
                  shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or
                  holders of such Class A Common Stock as and after such time.


                                        6

<PAGE>

      (b)   Optional Conversion.

            (i)   At the option of the Holders, each share of Series C Preferred
                  Stock held by the Holders shall convert into twenty fully paid
                  and non-assessable shares of Class A Common Stock (such number
                  of shares subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 6(g)
                  below), on the later of (A) the date specified in a written
                  notice delivered to the Company stating that such Holder
                  desires to convert shares of Series C Preferred Stock then
                  outstanding (the "Conversion Notice"), which date must be at
                  least five trading days following delivery of the Conversion
                  Notice unless otherwise determined by the Company in its sole
                  discretion, and (B) the date upon which such converting Holder
                  surrenders such shares of Series C Preferred Stock which such
                  Holder desires to convert, all in accordance with Section
                  6(b)(ii) below.

            (ii)  In order to convert shares of Series C Preferred Stock into
                  Class A Common Stock pursuant to paragraph 6(b)(i) above, the
                  Holders shall:

                  (1)   surrender the certificate or certificates evidencing
                        such of the Holders shares of Series C Preferred Stock
                        to be converted, duly endorsed in blank or accompanied
                        by proper instruments of transfer, at the principal
                        office of the Company or any transfer agent for the
                        Series C Preferred Stock, and

                  (2)   shall give the Conversion Notice to the Company at such
                        office of the election to convert the same and shall
                        state therein the name or names in which the Holders
                        wishes the certificate or certificates for Class A
                        Common Stock to be issued. As soon as practicable
                        thereafter, the Company shall issue and deliver at such
                        office to the Holders or their respective transferee,
                        certificates for the number of whole shares of Class A
                        Common Stock to which such Holders shall be entitled.
                        The Conversion Notice shall be substantially in the form
                        attached hereto as Exhibit B.

      (c)   Effect of Conversion. Upon the conversion of the Series C Preferred
            Stock pursuant to this Section 6, the shares of Series C Preferred
            Stock shall not be transferred on the books of the Company or be
            deemed to be outstanding for any purpose whatsoever and shall
            constitute only the right to receive such number of shares of Class
            A Common Stock as may be issuable on an as converted basis upon such
            conversion upon compliance with the requirements of this Section 6;
            provided, however, that the Holders of Series C Preferred Stock as
            of any record date for the payment of all declared but unpaid
            dividends, if any, on any shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall
            be paid, out of any assets at the time legally available therefor,
            upon conversion of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock into
            shares of Class A Common Stock, but shall not be paid any amounts in
            respect of the Class A Common Stock into which it has been or will
            be converted.

      (d)   Fractions of Shares. No fractional shares of Class A Common Stock
            shall be issued by the Company. In lieu thereof, the Company shall
            pay in cash the fair market value of such fractional share as
            determined in good faith by the Board of Directors. Such conversion
            shall be deemed to have been made as of the date of the Conversion
            Notice and such surrender of the Series C Preferred Stock to be
            converted, and the person or persons entitled to receive the Class A
            Common Stock issuable upon such conversion

                                        7

<PAGE>

            shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of
            such Class A Common Stock on said date.

      (e)   Adjustments. If the Company at any time (i) subdivides the
            outstanding Common Stock or (ii) issues a stock dividend on its
            outstanding Common Stock, the number of shares of Class A Common
            Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock
            immediately prior to such subdivision or the issuance of such stock
            dividend shall be proportionately increased by the same ratio as the
            subdivision or dividend. If the Company at any time combines its
            outstanding Common Stock, the number of shares of Class A Common
            Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock
            immediately prior to such combination shall be proportionately
            decreased by the same ratio as the combination. All such adjustments
            described herein shall be effective at the close of business on the
            date of such subdivision, stock dividend or combination, as the case
            may be.

      (f)   Reorganization. In case of any capital reorganization (other than in
            connection with a merger or other reorganization in which the
            Company is not the continuing or surviving entity) or any
            reclassification of the Common Stock, the Series C Preferred Stock
            shall thereafter be convertible into that number of shares of stock
            or other securities or property to which a holder of the number of
            shares of Class A Common Stock deliverable upon conversion of the
            Series C Preferred Stock immediately prior to such reorganization or
            recapitalization would have been entitled upon such reorganization
            or reclassification. In any such case, appropriate adjustment (as
            determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) shall be made in
            the application of the provisions herein set forth with respect to
            the rights, preferences and powers thereafter of the Holders of
            Series C Preferred Stock, such that the provisions set forth herein
            shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in
            relation to any share of stock or other property thereafter
            deliverable upon the conversion.

      (g)   Authorized Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep
            available, out of its authorized but unissued Class A Common Stock,
            solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of Series C
            Preferred Stock, the full number of shares of Class A Common Stock
            deliverable from time to time upon the conversion of all shares of
            Series C Preferred Stock from time to time outstanding. The Company
            shall from time to time (subject to obtaining necessary Board of
            Directors and stockholder approvals), in accordance with the laws of
            the State of Delaware, increase the authorized amount of its Class A
            Common Stock if at any time the authorized number of shares of Class
            A Common Stock remaining unissued shall not be sufficient to permit
            the conversion of all of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock at
            the time outstanding.

7.    VOTING AND CORPORATE ACTIONS.

      (a)   Voting Rights and Powers.

                                        8

<PAGE>

            (i)   The Holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
                  the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Class A
                  Common Stock into which such shares of Series C Preferred
                  Stock could be converted on the record date for the vote or
                  consent of stockholders or, if no record date is established,
                  at the date such vote is taken or any consent of stockholders
                  solicited, and shall have voting rights and powers equal to
                  the voting rights and powers of the Class A Common Stock on an
                  as-converted basis on all matters brought before the
                  stockholders of the Company.

            (ii)  The Holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
                  notice of any stockholders' meeting in accordance with the
                  Company's by-laws and applicable law and shall vote together
                  with holders of the Common Stock as a single class upon any
                  and all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, except
                  those matters required by law or this Certificate of
                  Designation to be submitted to a class vote.

            (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Holder of the shares of the
                  Series C Preferred Stock may deliver to the Company a notice
                  requesting termination of the voting rights provided in
                  Section 6(a)(i) and (ii) of this Certificate of Designation,
                  except voting rights on those matters required by law or this
                  Certificate of Designation to be submitted to a class vote.
                  Immediately following receipt of such notice, the Holders of
                  shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall have no voting
                  rights, except as required by Delaware law and as hereinafter
                  provided.

      (b)   Approval of Certain Corporate Actions. Without the prior approval of
            the Holders, an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation or
            this Certificate of Designation may not:

            (i)   amend this Certificate of Designation;

            (ii)  alter or change the voting rights or powers of the Series C
                  Preferred Stock or reduce the number of shares of Series C
                  Preferred Stock whose holders must approve any such amendment;

            (iii) adversely affect the preferences, powers or rights of the
                  Holders of Series C Preferred Stock;

            (iv)  increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of the
                  Company designated as Series C Preferred Stock; or

            (v)   amend Section 5.4 of the Certificate of Incorporation.

      (c)   Limitation on Lines of Business. So long as the Holders of Series C
            Preferred Stock beneficially own the Minimum Investment, the Company
            shall not, without the prior approval of the Holders, enter into or
            conduct any business, either directly or through any Subsidiary,
            except for Permitted Businesses.

8.    PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS

      (a)   Preemptive Right. Each Holder of the shares of Series C Preferred
            Stock shall have the right to purchase its pro rata share (as set
            forth below) of Equity Securities (the

                                        9

<PAGE>

            "Preemptive Offer") which the Company may, from time to time,
            propose to sell and issue (subject to such requirements and
            restrictions imposed by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
            state securities laws and to the actual issuance of the Equity
            Securities) after the Issue Date, other than Excluded Issuances. For
            purposes of this Section 8(a), the Holders pro rata share shall be
            the amount of such Equity Securities obtained by applying the
            following ratio against the total number of such Equity Securities
            to be offered by the Company: (i) the number of shares of the Common
            Stock (including all shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
            conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock or the exercise of
            outstanding Equity Securities held by the Holders, including the
            Series C Preferred Stock issued pursuant to the Warrant) of which
            the Holder is deemed to be a holder immediately prior to the
            issuance of such Equity Securities, to (ii) the total number of
            shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding (including all shares
            of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of the Series C
            Preferred Stock or the exercise of outstanding Equity Securities
            held by the Holders, including the Series C Preferred Stock issued
            pursuant to the Warrant) immediately prior to the issuance of the
            Equity Securities, determined on a fully diluted basis after giving
            effect to the exercise in full of then outstanding options and
            warrants and the conversion of all securities convertible into
            shares of Common Stock.

      (b)   Notice of Preemptive Offer. In the event the Company proposes to
            undertake an issuance of Equity Securities, it shall give the
            Holders of Series C Preferred Stock written notice of its intention,
            describing the type of Equity Securities and the price and the terms
            upon which the Company proposes to issue the same. The Preemptive
            Offer shall by its terms remain open and irrevocable for a period of
            five Business Days from the date it is received from the Company
            (the "Preemptive Offer Period").

      (c)   Preemptive Offer Acceptance. The Holders of Series C Preferred Stock
            shall have the option, exercisable at any time during the Preemptive
            Offer Period by delivering written notice to the Company (a
            "Preemptive Offer Acceptance Notice"), to purchase its pro rata
            share of Equity Securities. The Company shall notify the Holders
            within five days following the expiration of the Preemptive Offer
            Period of the number or amount of the Holders pro rata share of
            Equity Securities it has subscribed to purchase.

      (d)   Offer of Refused Equity Securities. If the Preemptive Offer
            Acceptance Notice is not given by the Holders of Series C Preferred
            Stock for all of their pro rata share of Equity Securities, the
            Company shall have 180 days from the expiration of the Preemptive
            Offer Period to sell all or any part of such Holders pro rata share
            of Equity Securities as to which the Preemptive Offer Acceptances
            Notice has not been given by the Holders (the "Refused Equity
            Securities") to any other Persons upon the terms and conditions
            including price, which are no more favorable, in the aggregate, to
            such other Persons or less favorable to the Company than those set
            forth in the Preemptive Offer.

      (e)   Closing. Upon the closing of the sale to such other Persons of all
            the Equity Securities, the Holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall
            purchase from the Company, and the Company shall sell to the
            Holders, the pro rata share of Equity Securities with respect to
            which the Preemptive Offer Acceptance Notice was delivered by the
            Holders, at the same terms specified in the Preemptive Offer.

      (f)   Emergency Funding. If the Company determines in good faith that the
            delay occasioned by complying with the procedures contemplated by
            this Section 8 would be prejudicial to the Company or its financial
            condition or business and operations, then the Company

                                       10

<PAGE>

            may before delivering the Preemptive Offer or after delivering the
            Preemptive Offer (but before observing the time periods and other
            procedures set forth in this Section 8), issue or sell all of the
            Equity Securities. If the Company elects to issue Equity Securities
            under this Section 8 before it delivers a Preemptive Offer, then the
            Company shall deliver the Preemptive Offer to the Holders of Series
            C Preferred Stock to which it has not so issued or sold Equity
            Securities (the "Excluded Group") no later than five Business Days
            after the date on which such Equity Securities are issued or sold to
            the Holders. If the Excluded Group delivers a Preemptive Offer
            Acceptance Notice within 10 Business Days and the Company has issued
            or sold the Equity Securities to a Person but not to the Holders,
            then the Company shall issue or sell such number of pro rata shares
            of Equity Securities as the participating members of the Excluded
            Group would have been entitled had the Preemptive Offer been made
            and accepted by such member of the Excluded Group in accordance with
            Sections 8(a) through (d) as promptly as practicable, but in no
            event later than five Business Days following the date of delivery
            of the Preemptive Offer Acceptance Notice, at the same price, and on
            the same terms and conditions as the issuance and sale occurred.

      (g)   Expiration. The rights granted under this Section 8 to the Holders
            of Series C Preferred Stock shall expire upon such time as the
            Holders of Series C Preferred Stock no longer beneficially own the
            Minimum Investment.

9.    CERTAIN COVENANTS

      (a)   Merger, Consolidation, or Sale of Assets. If the Company (i) merges
            or consolidates with or into another corporation or limited
            liability company in which the Company is not the surviving entity
            and by which the shares of the Company's capital stock outstanding
            immediately prior to the merger are converted by virtue of the
            merger into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash,
            or otherwise or (ii) sells or transfers all or substantially all of
            the Company's properties and assets to any other Person, then, a
            provision shall be made so that, upon the basis and the terms and in
            the manner provided in this Certificate of Designation, the Holders
            of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive the stock
            or other securities, cash or property which the Holders would have
            been entitled to receive upon such consummation if the Holders had
            converted the shares of Series C Preferred Stock for such shares of
            Class A Common Stock immediately prior thereto. If the per share
            consideration payable to the Holders in connection with any such
            event is in a form other than cash or marketable securities, then
            the value of such consideration shall be determined in good faith by
            the Board of Directors. In all events, appropriate adjustment (as
            determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) shall be made in
            the application of the provisions of this Certificate of Designation
            such that the Holders rights and interest in this Certificate of
            Designation shall be applicable after such event, to the greatest
            extent possible, in relation to any shares or other property
            deliverable after that event.

      (b)   Transactions With Affiliates. Without the prior approval of the
            Holders, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
            Subsidiaries to, make any payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or
            otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets to, or purchase
            any property or assets from, or enter into or make or amend any
            transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance or
            guarantee with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate (each of the
            foregoing, an "Affiliate Transaction"), unless (i) such Affiliate
            Transaction is on terms that are no less favorable to the Company or
            such Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a
            comparable transaction by the Company or such

                                       11

<PAGE>

            Subsidiary with an unrelated Person (ii) with respect to any
            Affiliate Transaction or series of related Affiliate Transactions
            involving aggregate consideration in excess of $2.5 million, such
            Affiliate Transaction or series of Affiliated Transactions has been
            approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors that
            are disinterested as to such Affiliate Transaction or series of
            Affiliated Transactions and (iii) with respect to any Affiliate
            Transaction or series of related Affiliate Transactions involving
            aggregate consideration in excess of $10.0 million, an opinion as to
            the fairness to the Company of such Affiliate Transaction or series
            of Affiliated Transactions from a financial point of view issued by
            an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm of national
            standing; provided that (1) any transaction approved by the Board of
            Directors, with an officer or director of the Company or of any of
            its Subsidiaries in his or her capacity as an officer or director
            entered into in the ordinary course of business; (2) transactions
            between or among the Company and/or its Subsidiaries; (3) payment of
            reasonable directors fees to the Board of Directors and of its
            Subsidiaries; (4) fees and compensation paid to, and indemnity
            provided on behalf of, officers, directors or employees of the
            Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as determined in good faith by
            the Board of Directors of the Company or of any such Subsidiary, to
            the extent the same are reasonable and customary; and (5) agreements
            in effect on the Issue Date and any modification thereto or any
            transaction contemplated thereby (including pursuant to any
            modification thereto) in any replacement agreement therefor so long
            as such modification or replacement is not more disadvantageous to
            the Company in any material respect than the original agreement as
            in effect on the Issue Date, in each case, shall not be deemed to be
            Affiliate Transactions.

      (c)   Reports. Whether or not required by the rules and regulations of the
            SEC, so long as any shares of Series C Preferred Stock are
            outstanding, the Company shall make available to the Holders, upon
            request, (i) all quarterly and annual financial information that
            would be required to be contained in a filing with the SEC on Forms
            10-Q and 10-K if the Company were required to file such Forms,
            including a "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
            Condition and Results of Operations" that describes the financial
            condition and results of operations of the Company and its
            consolidated Subsidiaries (showing in reasonable detail, either on
            the face of the financial statements or in the footnotes thereto and
            in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
            Results of Operations, the financial condition and results of
            operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries separate from the
            financial information and results of operations of the Subsidiaries
            of the Company) and, with respect to the annual information only, a
            report thereon by the Company certified independent accountants and
            (ii) all current reports that would be required to be filed with the
            SEC on Form 8-K if the Company was required to file such reports, in
            each case within the time periods set forth in the SEC's rules and
            regulations. For purpose of this provision, posting such reports on
            EDGAR or on the Company's website shall constitute making such
            reports available to the Holders. The Company also agrees to provide
            the Holders with such additional information as the Holders may from
            time to time reasonably request.

      (d)   Events of Default. The Company agrees that, so long as the Holders
            of Series C Preferred Stock beneficially own the Minimum Investment,
            the Company shall furnish to the Holders, as soon as possible and
            in any event within five Business Days of obtaining knowledge
            thereof, an officer's certificate specifying the nature and period
            of existence of such condition or event, or specifying the notice
            given or action taken by such holder or Person and the nature of
            such claimed violation, default, event or condition, and what action
            the Company has taken, is taking and proposes to take with respect
            to notice:

                                       12

<PAGE>

            (i)   of any condition or event that constitutes an event of default
                  under the instruments governing the Company's outstanding debt
                  with a principal amount in excess of $50,000,000;

            (ii)  that any Person has given any notice to the Company or any of
                  its Subsidiaries or taken any other action with respect to a
                  claimed default or event or condition that would be required
                  to be disclosed in a current report filed by the Company with
                  the SEC on Form 8-K (Items 1, 2, 4 and 5 of such Form as in
                  effect on the date hereof); or

            (iii) of any condition or event which constitutes a Material Adverse
                  Effect.

      (e)   No Poison Pills. Without the prior approval of the Holders, the
            Company shall not, so long as the Holders of Series C Preferred
            Stock beneficially own the Minimum Investment, create or adopt any
            shareholders rights plan or "poison pill", amend any of its
            organizational documents, or take any similar action that would
            prohibit or materially impede or materially delay the ability of the
            Holders and their Affiliates to acquire additional shares of Capital
            Stock, or to dispose of or sell such Capital Stock, in any manner
            permitted by this Certificate of Designation, the Warrant and the
            Stockholders Agreement; provided that, for avoidance of doubt, the
            foregoing shall not restrict the Company from (a) entering into loan
            agreements that contain customary covenants, including provisions
            permitting acceleration of the related indebtedness upon a change of
            control and (b) issuing debt securities or preferred stock that
            contain customary covenants, including change of control provisions.

      (f)   Limitation on Issuance of Series C Preferred Stock. Without the
            prior approval of the Holders, the Company shall not issue any
            shares of Series C Preferred Stock to any Person other than the
            Infinity Media Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its
            Affiliates.

10.   AMENDMENT.

            Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the DGCL, subject to
      Section 9(a), neither this Certificate of Designation nor the Certificate
      of Incorporation shall be amended, altered or repealed (by merger,
      consolidation or otherwise) in any manner that would alter or change the
      powers, preferences or special rights of the Series C Preferred Stock so
      as to affect the Holders thereof adversely without the affirmative vote of
      the Holders of Series C Preferred Stock voting separately as a class.

11.   EXCLUSION OF OTHER RIGHTS.

            Except as may otherwise be required by law, the shares of Series C
      Preferred Stock shall not have any voting powers, preferences and
      relative, participating, optional or other special rights, other than
      those specifically set forth in this Certificate of Designation (as such
      Certificate of Designation may be amended from time to time in accordance
      with the terms hereof) and in the Certificate of Incorporation.

12.   HEADINGS OF SECTIONS.

            The headings of the various sections and subsections hereof are for
      convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of
      any of the provisions hereof.

                                       13

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT A

                               NOTICE OF TRANSFER

      The undersigned, being the registered record holder of the Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Series C Preferred Stock") of Spanish
Broadcasting System, Inc. (the "Company") hereby gives the Company notice of a
transfer of [number] outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock on [date] to
[name of transferee] pursuant to Section 6(a) of the Certificate of Designation
of the Series C Preferred Stock.

Dated: [five trading days prior to the date fixed for transfer]

________________________
Name

________________________
Address
________________________                       ________________________
Please print name and                          (Signature)
address, including zip
code number

Denominations:________

                                       14

<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT B

                       NOTICE TO EXERCISE CONVERSION RIGHT

      The undersigned, being the registered record holder of the Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Series C Preferred Stock") of Spanish
Broadcasting System, Inc. (the "Company") irrevocably exercises the right to
convert ____________ outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock on
___________, ____, into shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company in
accordance with the terms of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock, and directs
that the shares issuable and deliverable upon the conversion be issued and
delivered in the denominations indicated below to the registered holder hereof
unless a different name has been indicated below.

Dated: [five trading days prior to the date fixed for conversion]

Fill in for registration of shares of
Class A Common Stock if to be issued
otherwise than to the registered holder:

________________________
Name

________________________
Address

________________________                       ________________________
Please print name and                          (Signature)
address, including zip
code number

Denominations:________

                                       15


