
<PAGE>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 4.2


NEITHER THE WARRANT NOR THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED UPON THE
EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED, NOR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION AND WERE AND WILL BE
OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF
THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED,
ASSIGNED, OR HYPOTHECATED, EXCEPT IN A TRANSACTION REGISTERED UNDER SUCH ACTS OR
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH ACTS.

Number of Shares of                         Date of Issuance: DECEMBER 23, 2004
Series C Preferred Stock: 190,000

                                     WARRANT

                      TO PURCHASE SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK

                                       OF

                        SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM, INC.

                          VOID AFTER DECEMBER 23, 2008

      THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT, for value received, Infinity Media Corporation, a
Delaware corporation (the "Holder") is entitled, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth herein, to purchase from Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc.
(the "Company") an aggregate of up to 190,000 shares (the "Warrant Shares") of
fully paid, nonassessable shares of the Company's Series C Preferred Stock, par
value $0.01 per share (the "Series C Preferred Stock"). The number, character
and Exercise Price (defined below) of such shares of Series C Preferred Stock
are subject to adjustment as provided herein. The term "Warrant" as used herein
shall include this Warrant and any warrants delivered in substitution,
replacement or exchange therefor as provided herein. The term "Common Stock" as
used herein shall mean Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, Class
B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and all other stock of any class or
classes (however designated) of the Company, the holders of which have the
right, without limitation as to amount, either to all or to a share of the
balance of current dividends and liquidating dividends after the payment of
dividends and distributions on any shares entitled to preference.

      1. TERM OF WARRANT. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein,
this Warrant shall be exercisable, in whole or in part in two equal increments
of 95,000 Warrant Shares each, during the term commencing on the date hereof and
ending at 5:00 p.m., prevailing

                                       1

<PAGE>
local time in New York, New York, on December 23, 2008, (the "Expiration Date").
If not exercised prior to the Expiration Date, this Warrant and all rights
granted under this Warrant shall expire and lapse.

      2. EXERCISE PRICE. The price at which this Warrant may be exercised shall
be $300.00 per share of Series C Preferred Stock, as adjusted from time to time
pursuant to Section 9 hereof (the "Exercise Price").

      3. EXERCISE OF WARRANT.

            i. The purchase right represented by this Warrant shall be
exercisable by the Holder, either in whole or in one of two parts of 95,000
Warrant Shares each at any time prior to the Expiration Date upon (i) the
surrender and presentment of this Warrant accompanied by a duly completed and
executed notice of exercise in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (the
"Exercise Notice") at the principal office of the Company (listed as the
Company's address in Section 15 herein) or such other office or agency as the
Company may designate by notice pursuant to Section 15 herein, and (ii) payment
of the aggregate Exercise Price equal to the number of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock being purchased upon exercise of this Warrant multiplied by the
Exercise Price (the "Aggregate Exercise Price") in cash, by certified or
official bank check payable to the order of the Company, or by wire transfer to
an account in a bank designated for such purpose by the Company.

            ii. This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised immediately
prior to the close of business on the date of its surrender for exercise and
payment as provided above, and the person entitled to receive the shares of
Series C Preferred Stock issuable upon such exercise shall be treated for all
purposes as the holder of record of such shares as of the close of business on
such date. As promptly as practicable on or after such date, the Company shall
issue and deliver to the person entitled to receive the same, a certificate for
the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock issuable upon such exercise. If
such certificate shall be registered in a name other than the name of the
Holder, then funds sufficient to pay all stock transfer taxes which shall be
payable upon the issuance of such certificate shall be paid by the Holder at the
time of exercise of this Warrant and the Company shall not be required to issue
or deliver any certificate until such tax or other charge has been paid by the
Holder.

      4. NO FRACTIONAL SHARES OR SCRIP. No fractional shares or scrip
representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this
Warrant. In the event that an adjustment in the number of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant made pursuant to this
Section 4 hereof results in a number of shares issuable upon the exercise which
includes a fraction, at the Holder's election, this Warrant may be exercised for
the next larger whole number of shares or the Company shall make a cash payment
equal to that fraction multiplied by the current market value of that share.

                                       2

<PAGE>

      5. REPLACEMENT OF WARRANT. On receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant
and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, on delivery of an indemnity
agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company or, in
the case of mutilation, on surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the
Company shall execute and deliver, in lieu of this Warrant, a new warrant of
like tenor and equal amount.

      6. NO RIGHTS AS STOCKHOLDER. This Warrant shall not entitle the Holder to
any rights as a stockholder of the Company.

      7. WARRANT REGISTER. The Company shall maintain a register (the "Warrant
Register") containing the name and address of the Holder. The Company may treat
the Holder as shown on the Warrant Register as the absolute owner of this
Warrant for all purposes and shall not be affected by any notice to the
contrary.

      8. RESERVATION OF STOCK. The Company covenants and agrees that during the
term that this Warrant is exercisable:

            (a) All shares of Series C Preferred Stock that are issued upon the
exercise of this Warrant shall, upon issuance, be validly issued, not subject to
any preemptive rights, and be free from all taxes, liens, security interests,
charges, and other encumbrances with respect to the issuance thereof, other than
(i) taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such
issue, (ii) an encumbrance under applicable Federal securities laws or state
"Blue Sky" laws, and (iii) an encumbrance created by the terms of this Warrant.

            (b) The Company shall at all times have authorized and reserved, and
shall keep available and free from preemptive rights, a sufficient number of
shares of Series C Preferred Stock to provide for the exercise of the rights
represented by this Warrant and Class A Common Stock to provide for conversion
of the Series C Preferred Stock.

            (c) The Company shall not, by amendment of its Certificate of
Incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, spin-off,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other
action or inaction, seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms of this Warrant, and shall at all times in good faith assist in performing
and giving effect to the terms hereof and in the taking of all such actions as
may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the Holder
against dilution or other impairment.

      9. ADJUSTMENTS. The Exercise Price and the number and type of shares
purchasable hereunder are subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

            (a) Adjustment for Change in Capital Stock. If the Company:

                                       3

<PAGE>

                  (i)   pays a dividend or makes a distribution on its Common
                        Stock, in either case in shares of its Common Stock;

                  (ii)  subdivides its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
                        greater number of shares;

                  (iii) combines its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
                        smaller number of shares;

                  (iv)  makes a distribution on its Common Stock in shares of
                        its capital stock other than Common Stock; or

                  (v)   issues by reclassification of its Common Stock any
                        shares of its capital stock.

then the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise
of this Warrant immediately prior to such action shall be proportionately
adjusted so that the Holder of this Warrant thereafter exercised shall receive
the aggregate number and kind of shares of capital stock of the Company which he
would have owned immediately following such action if the Warrant had been
exercised immediately prior to such action.

            The adjustment shall become effective immediately after the record
date in the case of a dividend or distribution and immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.

            Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever any event listed
above shall occur.

            (b) Adjustment for Rights Issue.

            If the Company distributes any rights, options or warrants to all
holders of its Common Stock entitling them to purchase shares of Common Stock at
a price per share less than the current market price per share on the record
date for determining holders entitled to the distribution of rights, options or
warrants, the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock issuable upon the
exercise of this Warrant shall be adjusted in accordance with the formula:

                             O + A
                N' =  N x -------------
                          O + (A x P/M)

      where:

      N' =  the adjusted number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock issuable
            upon the exercise of this Warrant.

      N  =  the current number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock issuable
            upon the exercise of this Warrant.

                                       4

<PAGE>

      O  =  the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the record date.

      A  =  the number of additional shares of Common Stock offered.

      P  =  the purchase price per share of the additional shares of Common
            Stock offered.

      M  =  the current market price per share of Common Stock on the record
            date.

            The adjustment shall be made successively whenever any such rights,
options or warrants are issued and shall become effective immediately after the
record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive the
rights, options or warrants. If at the end of the period during which such
rights, options or warrants are exercisable, not all rights, options or warrants
shall have been exercised, the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock
issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be immediately readjusted to
what it would have been if "N" in the above formula had been the number of
shares actually issued at the end of the period.

            (c) Adjustment for Other Distributions. If the Company distributes
to all holders of its Common Stock any of its assets (excluding cash
distributions for which there will be no adjustment under this Section 9(c)) or
debt or other securities or any rights, options or warrants to purchase the
assets or debt or other securities of the Company, the number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each Warrant shall be adjusted in
accordance with the formula:

                             M
                  N'= N  x -----
                           M - F

      where:

      N' = the adjusted number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
      of each Warrant.

      N = the current number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
      each Warrant.

      M = the current market price per share of Common Stock on the record date
      mentioned below.

      F = the fair market value on the record date of the assets, securities,
      rights, options or warrants distributable to one share of Common Stock
      after taking into account, in the case of any rights, options or warrants,
      the consideration required to be paid upon exercise thereof. The Board
      shall reasonably determine the fair market value in good faith and such
      determination shall be conclusive.

                                       5

<PAGE>

            The adjustment shall be made successively whenever any such
distribution is made and shall become effective immediately after the record
date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive the distribution.

            This Section 9(c) does not apply to rights, options or warrants
referred to in Section 9(b). If any adjustment is made pursuant to this Section
9(c) as a result of the issuance of rights, options or warrants and at the end
of the period during which any such rights, options or warrants are exercisable,
not all such rights, options or warrants shall have been exercised, the Warrant
shall be immediately readjusted as if "F" in the above formula was the fair
market value described in the definition of "F" on the record date of the assets
or securities actually distributed upon exercise of such rights, options or
warrants divided by the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding on the
record date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section
9(c), if "M-F" in the above formula is less than $1.00, the Company may elect
to, and if "M-F" is a negative number, the Company shall, in lieu of the
adjustment otherwise required by this Section 9(c), distribute to the Holder of
the Warrant, upon exercise thereof, the assets, securities, rights, options or
warrants (or the proceeds thereof) which would have been distributed to the
Holder had such Warrant been exercised immediately prior to the record date for
such distribution.

            (d) Adjustment for Common Stock Issue. If the Company issues shares
of Common Stock for a consideration per share less than the current market price
per share on the date the Company fixes the offering price of such additional
shares, the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock issuable upon the
exercise of this Warrant shall be adjusted in accordance with the formula:

                              A
                  N'= N x  -------
                           O + P/M

            where:

      N'=   the adjusted number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock issuable
            upon the exercise of this Warrant.

      N =   the current number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock issuable
            upon the exercise of this Warrant.

      O =   the number of fully diluted shares outstanding immediately prior to
            the issuance of such additional shares.

      P =   the aggregate consideration received for the issuance of such
            additional shares.

      M =   the current market price per share on the date of issuance of such
            additional shares.

                                       6

<PAGE>

      A =   the number of fully diluted shares of Common Stock outstanding
            immediately after the issuance of such additional shares.

            The adjustment shall be made successively whenever any such issuance
is made, and shall become effective immediately after such issuance.

      This Section 9(d) does not apply to:

            (i)   any of the transactions described in Sections 9(b) and 9(c);

            (ii)  the exercise of this Warrant, or the conversion or exchange of
                  other securities convertible or exchangeable for Common Stock,
                  or the issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise of rights,
                  options or warrants issued to the holders of Common Stock;

            (iii) Common Stock (and options exercisable therefor) issued to the
                  Company's employees, officers, directors, consultants or
                  advisors (whether or not still in such capacity on the date of
                  exercise) under bona fide employee benefit plans or stock
                  option plans adopted by the board of directors (the "Board")
                  of the Company and approved by the holders of Common Stock
                  when required by law, if such Common Stock would otherwise be
                  covered by this Section 9(d);

            (iv)  Common Stock issued in a bona fide public offering; and

            (v)   Common Stock issued to the seller of a business or substantial
                  assets to the Company or any of its direct or indirect
                  subsidiaries.

            (e) Adjustment for Convertible Securities Issue. If the Company
issues any securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock (other
than securities issued in transactions described in Sections 9(b) and 9(c)) for
a consideration per share of Common Stock initially deliverable upon conversion
or exchange of such securities less than the current market price per share on
the date of issuance of such securities, the number of shares of Series C
Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be adjusted in
accordance with this formula:

                           O + D
                  N'= N x -------
                          O + P/M

            where:

      N'=   the adjusted number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock issuable
            upon the exercise of this Warrant.

                                       7

<PAGE>

      N =   the current number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock issuable
            upon the exercise of this Warrant.

      O =   the number of fully diluted shares of Common Stock outstanding
            immediately prior to the issuance of such securities.

      P =   the aggregate consideration received for the issuance of such
            securities.

      M =   the current market price per share on the date of issuance of such
            securities.

      D =   the maximum number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon
            conversion or in exchange for such securities at the initial
            conversion or exchange rate.

            The adjustment shall be made successively whenever any such issuance
is made, and shall become effective immediately after such issuance.

            If all of the Common Stock deliverable upon conversion or exchange
of such securities have not been issued when such securities are no longer
outstanding, then the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock issuable upon
the exercise of this Warrant shall promptly be readjusted to what it would have
been had the adjustment upon the issuance of such securities been made on the
basis of the actual number of shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion or
exchange of such securities.

            This Section 9(e) does not apply to:

            (i)   any of the transactions described in Sections 9(b),

            (ii)  convertible securities issued in a bona fide public offering,

            (iii) the exercise of this Warrant, or the conversion or exchange of
                  other securities convertible or exchangeable for Common Stock,
                  or the issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise of rights,
                  options or warrants issued to the holders of Common Stock,

            (iv)  Common Stock (and options exercisable therefor) issued to the
                  Company's employees, officers, directors, consultants or
                  advisors (whether or not still in such capacity on the date of
                  exercise) under bona fide employee benefit plans or stock
                  option plans adopted by the Board and approved by the holders
                  of Common Stock when required by law, if such Common Stock
                  would otherwise be covered by this Section 9(e),

            (v)   Common Stock issued in a bona fide public offering, and

                                       8

<PAGE>

            (vi)  Common Stock issued to the seller of a business or substantial
                  assets to the Company or any of its direct or indirect
                  subsidiaries.

            (f) Current Market Price. In Sections 9(b), (c), (d) and (e), the
current market price per share of Common Stock on any date is the lower of: (i)
the closing price on the trading date prior to the event; or (ii) the average of
the closing prices of the Common Stock for 20 consecutive trading days
commencing 30 trading days before the date in question.

            (g) Consideration Received. For purposes of any computation
respecting consideration received pursuant to Sections 9(b), (c), (d) and (e),
the following shall apply:

            (i)   in the case of the issuance of shares of Common Stock for
                  cash, the consideration shall be the gross proceeds to the
                  Company from such issuance, which shall not include any
                  deductions for any commissions, discounts, other expenses
                  incurred by the Company in connection therewith or amounts
                  paid or payable for accrued interest or accrued dividends;

            (ii)  in the case of the issuance of shares of Common Stock for a
                  consideration in whole or in part other than cash or, subject
                  to clause (iii) below, securities, the consideration other
                  than cash shall be deemed to be the fair market value thereof
                  as determined in good faith by the Board (irrespective of the
                  accounting treatment thereof), whose determination shall be
                  conclusive;

            (iii) in the case of the issuance of shares of Common Stock for a
                  consideration in whole or in part consisting of securities,
                  the value of any securities shall be deemed to be: (x) if
                  traded on a securities exchange or through the Nasdaq National
                  Market, the average of the closing prices of the securities on
                  such quotation system over the 30-day period ending three days
                  preceding the day in question, (y) if actively traded
                  over-the-counter, the average of the closing bid or sale
                  prices (whichever is applicable) over the 30-day period ending
                  three days preceding the day in question and (z) if there is
                  no active public market, the fair market value thereof,
                  determined as provided in clause (B) above; and

            (iv)  in the case of the issuance of securities convertible into,
                  exercisable for or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock,
                  the aggregate consideration received therefor shall be deemed
                  to be the consideration received by the Company for the
                  issuance of such securities plus the additional minimum
                  consideration, if any, to be received by the Company upon the
                  conversion, exercise or exchange thereof for the maximum
                  number of shares used to calculate the adjustment (the
                  consideration in each case to be determined

                                       9

<PAGE>

                  in the same manner as provided in clauses (i) through (iii) of
                  this Section 9(g)).

            (h)   When De Minimis Adjustment May Be Deferred.

            No adjustment in the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock
issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant need be made unless the adjustment
would require an increase or decrease of at least 2% in such number. Any
adjustments that are not made shall be carried forward and taken into account in
any subsequent adjustment.

            All calculations under this Section 9 shall be made to the nearest
cent or to the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be.

            (i) When No Adjustment Required. No adjustment need be made for a
transaction referred to in Sections 9(b), (c), (d) or (e) if the Holder is given
the opportunity to participate, without requiring this Warrant to be exercised,
in the transaction on a basis and with notice that the Board reasonably
determines to be fair and appropriate in light of the basis and notice on which
holders of Common Stock participate in the transaction.

            To the extent this Warrant becomes convertible into cash, no
adjustment need be made thereafter as to the amount of cash into which this
Warrant is exercisable. Interest will not accrue on the cash.

            (j) Merger, Sale of Assets, Reorganization, Reclassification. If
during the period that this Warrant remains outstanding and unexpired, there
shall be (i) a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another
corporation in which the Company is not the surviving entity and by which the
shares of the Company's capital stock outstanding immediately prior to the
merger are converted by virtue of the merger into other property, whether in the
form of securities, cash, or otherwise, (ii) a sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the Company's properties and assets to any other person, or
(iii) a capital reorganization or reclassification of the Class A Common Stock
(other than a combination or subdivision of shares otherwise provided for
herein), then, lawful provision shall be made so that, upon the basis and the
terms and in the manner provided in this Warrant, the Holder, upon the exercise
hereof at any time after the consummation of such event, shall be entitled to
purchase, in lieu of the shares of Class A Common Stock for which this Warrant
could have been exercised immediately prior to such consummation, the stock or
other securities, cash or property which the Holder would have been entitled to
receive upon such consummation if the Holder had exercised this Warrant for such
shares of Class A Common Stock immediately prior thereto, subject to adjustment
as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in this Section
9. If the per share consideration payable to the Holder in connection with any
such event is in a form other than cash or marketable securities, then the value
of such consideration shall be determined in good faith by the Company's Board
of Directors. In all events, appropriate adjustment (as determined in good faith
by the Company's Board of Directors) shall be made in the application of the
provisions of this Warrant such that the Holder's rights and interest in this
Warrant shall be

                                       10

<PAGE>

applicable after such event, to the greatest extent possible, in relation to any
shares or other property deliverable after that event upon exercise of this
Warrant.

      If this Section 9(j) applies, Sections 9(a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) do not
apply.

            (k) When Issuance or Payment May Be Deferred. In any case in which
this Section 9 shall require that an adjustment in the number of shares of
Series C Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant be made
effective as of a record date for a specified Event, the Company may elect to
defer the occurrence of the adjustment until the occurrence of such underlying
event that requires the adjustment.

            (l) Adjustment in Exercise Price.

            Upon each Event that provides for an adjustment of the number of
shares of Series C Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant
pursuant to this Section 9, this Warrant if outstanding prior to the making of
the adjustment shall thereafter have an adjusted Exercise Price (calculated to
the nearest ten millionth) obtained from the following formula:

                            N
                  E'=  E x ---
                            N'

            where:

            E' =  the adjusted Exercise Price.

            E  =  the Exercise Price prior to adjustment.

            N' =  the adjusted number of Series C Preferred Stock issuable
                  upon the exercise of this Warrant by payment of the adjusted
                  Exercise Price.

            N  =  the number of Series C Preferred Stock previously issuable
                  upon the exercise of this Warrant by payment of the Exercise
                  Price prior to adjustment.

            Following any adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to this
Section 9, the amount payable, when adjusted and together with any consideration
allocated to the issuance of this Warrant, shall never be less than the Series C
Preferred Stock par value at the time of such adjustment. Such adjustment shall
be made successively whenever any Event listed above shall occur. The Company
hereby agrees with the Holder that it shall not increase the par value of the
Common Stock above its current par value of $0.0001 per share.

      10. CERTIFICATES OF ADJUSTMENTS; NOTICES.

                                       11
<PAGE>

            (a) Whenever the Exercise Price or number or type of shares
purchasable hereunder shall be adjusted or readjusted pursuant to Section 9
herein, the Company shall issue a certificate signed by its Chief Financial
Officer setting forth, in reasonable detail, the Event requiring the adjustment
or readjustment, the amount of the adjustment or readjustment, the method by
which such adjustment or readjustment was calculated, the Exercise Price and
number of shares purchasable hereunder after giving effect to such adjustment or
readjustment and the amount, if any, of other property to be received upon the
exercise of this Warrant after giving effect to such adjustment or readjustment.
The Company shall deliver a copy of such certificate to the Holder in accordance
with Section 15 herein.

            (b) In the event:

                        (1)   that the Company shall take any action that would
                              require an adjustment in the number of shares of
                              Series C Preferred Stock issuable upon the
                              exercise of this Warrant or Exercise Price
                              pursuant to Sections 9(a), (b), (c), (d) or (e)
                              and if the Company does not arrange for the
                              Warrant Holder to participate pursuant to Section
                              9(i);

                        (2)   of any voluntary dissolution, liquidation or
                              winding-up of the Company,

then, and in each such case, the Company shall mail or cause to be mailed to the
Holder a notice specifying, as the case may be, (A) the date on which a record
is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, and stating the amount and
character of such dividend, or (b) the date on which such reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up is to take place, and the date, if any is to be fixed, as of which
the holders of record of Series C Preferred Stock (or such other stock or
securities at the time receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant), shall be
entitled to exchange their shares of Series C Preferred Stock (or such other
stock or securities at the time receivable upon exercise of this Warrant), for
securities or other property deliverable upon such reorganization,
reclassification, consolidation, merger, conveyance, dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up. Such notice shall be mailed at least 15 days prior to the date
therein specified for the occurrence of any of the foregoing events.

            (c) All notices pursuant to this Section 10 shall be given in the
manner set forth in Section 15 herein.

      11. RESTRICTIVE LEGEND ON STOCK CERTIFICATE. A certificate for shares
issued upon exercise of this Warrant, unless at the time of exercise such shares
are registered under the Securities Act, shall bear a legend in substantially
the following form:

            THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
            UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR UNDER THE
            SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS

                                       12
<PAGE>

            OF ANY STATE AND ARE SUBJECT TO THE CONDITIONS SPECIFIED IN A
            CERTAIN WARRANT DATED SEPTEMBER 30, 2003, BY AND BETWEEN SPANISH
            BROADCASTING SYSTEM, INC. AND INTERNATIONAL CHURCH OF THE FOURSQUARE
            GOSPEL, COPIES OF WHICH WARRANT ARE AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION AT THE
            PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM, INC. THE SHARES
            REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE SOLD, OR OTHERWISE
            TRANSFERRED, IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION
            THEREFROM UNDER SUCH ACT AND UNDER ANY SUCH APPLICABLE STATE LAWS,
            OR IN VIOLATION OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE WARRANT. THE HOLDER OF THIS
            CERTIFICATE, BY ACCEPTANCE OF THIS CERTIFICATE, AGREES TO BE BOUND
            BY THE PROVISIONS OF SUCH WARRANT.

      12. NO TRANSFER. This Warrant may not be transferred in whole or in part
except to an affiliate of Holder.

      13. AMENDMENTS. This Warrant may not be modified or amended without the
written consent of the Company and the Holder.

      14. GOVERNING LAW. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

      15. NOTICES. All notices and other communications required or permitted
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given if (i)
personally delivered by hand or by messenger, (ii) mailed by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested or (iii) sent by a
nationally recognized overnight courier service for next morning delivery. Any
such notice shall be deemed to have been received on the date of personal
delivery; on the fourth day after deposit in the U.S. mail if mailed by
registered or certified mail; and on the day after delivery to a nationally
recognized overnight courier service. Notices shall be addressed as follows (or
to such other address as a party requests by written notice):

      If to Holder, to: Infinity Media Corporation
                        1515 Broadway
                        New York, New York  10036
                        Attention: General Counsel

      with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

                        Leventhal Senter & Lerman, P.L.L.C.
                        2000 K Street, N.W.

                                       13

<PAGE>

                  Suite 600
                  Washington, D.C.  20006
                  Attention:  Steven A. Lerman, Esq.

      If to the Company, to:

                  Spanish Broadcasting System, Inc.
                  2601 South Bayshore Drive, PH II
                  Coconut Grove, Florida 33133
                  Attention: Joseph A. Garcia

      with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

                  Kaye Scholer LLP
                  425 Park Avenue
                  New York, New York 10022-3598
                  Attention: William E. Wallace, Jr., Esq.

      16. SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Warrant is held to be
prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, then such provision shall be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without
invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this
Warrant.

      17. HEADINGS. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of
reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                       14

<PAGE>

            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly
executed as of December 23, 2004 by its duly authorized officer and its
corporate seal to be impressed hereon and attested by its Secretary.

                                  SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM, INC.

                                  By: /s/ Raul Alarcon, Jr.
                                     ----------------------------------------
                                     Raul Alarcon, Jr.
                                     Chairman of the Board of Directors,
                                     Chief Executive Officer and President

Attest:

By: /s/ Joseph A. Garcia
   ------------------------------------
   Joseph A. Garcia
   Executive Vice President,
   Chief Financial Officer and Secretary

<PAGE>
                                                                       EXHIBIT A

                              NOTICE OF EXERCISE

         The undersigned registered owner of the attached Warrant irrevocably
exercises the attached Warrant in full for the purchase of _________ shares of
Series C Preferred Stock of SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM, INC. and herewith
makes payment therefor, all at the price and on the terms and conditions
specified in the attaches Warrant, and requests that a certificate for the
shares of Series C Preferred Stock hereby purchased (and any securities or
other property issuable upon such exercise) be issued in the name of the
undersigned and delivered to the undersigned at the address below.

         In exercising the attached Warrant, the undersigned hereby confirms
and acknowledges that the shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be issued are
being acquired solely for the account of the undersigned and not as a nominee
for any other party, and for investment, and that the undersigned shall not
offer, sell or otherwise dispose of any such shares of Series C Preferred Stock
except under circumstances that will not result in a violation of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any state securities laws.


Dated:
       ---------------------------

                                       Signature:
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Registered Owner


                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Print Name


                                                 -------------------------------


                                                 -------------------------------
                                                 Address

