-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 HNteniUBN9jWGFo8TSKzMuz46tvkphinkhQPaPOhnuEgOl9BwseHs9wjvVYINdN8
 oYt6eyq+H47Hk/dO2FXnmg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950172-04-003110.txt : 20041227
<SEC-HEADER>0000950172-04-003110.hdr.sgml : 20041224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041227092900
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950172-04-003110
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041223
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000756502
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		IRS NUMBER:				232368845
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13865
		FILM NUMBER:		041225651

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19 WEST 44TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 507
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-730-7540

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19 WEST 44TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 507
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RARE MEDIUM GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990414

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ICC TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERNATIONAL COGENERATION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19891005
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>skyterra8k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
                                 UNITED STATES

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

                       PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

                      THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): December 27, 2004
                              (December 23, 2004)

                         SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)



            Delaware                      000-13865            23-2368845
(State or Other Jurisdiction of   (Commission File Number)  (I.R.S. Employer
 Incorporation or Organization)                             Identification No.)


                          19 West 44 Street, Suite 507
                               New York, NY 10036


              (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (212) 730-7540

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):


[  ]   Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
       (17 CFR 230.425)

[  ]   Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
       (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[  ]   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
       Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[  ]   Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
       Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On December 23, 2004, SkyTerra Communications, Inc. (the "Company") completed a
private placement of 2,000,000 shares (the "Shares") of its voting common
stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Common Stock") to a group of accredited
investors (the "Purchasers") at a per share price of $18.25, pursuant to the
terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the Company and each of
the Purchasers (the "Purchase Agreement"). In connection with this sale,
SkyTerra entered into a registration rights agreement with the Purchasers
requiring that, among other things, SkyTerra register the resale of the shares.
If SkyTerra does not meet certain deadlines between June 30, 2005 and December
31, 2005 with respect to making the registration effective, then warrants,
which were issued to the Purchasers in connection with the transaction, to
purchase up to an additional 600,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $18.25 per share (the "Warrants") will vest and be exercisable at any
time through December 23, 2009. The number of Warrants that vest, if any, will
depend on when the registration statement becomes effective. If SkyTerra meets
the June 30, 2005 deadline and otherwise complies with certain registration
obligations, none of the Warrants will vest. The aggregate purchase price for
the Shares and the Warrants sold in the private placement was $36.5 million,
before deducting expenses which are currently estimated to be approximately
$350,000 and placement agent fees of approximately $1,095,000. The Company
intends to use the net proceeds from the private placement for general
corporate purposes including to fund future opportunities.

In connection with the private placement, the Company issued to Tejas
Securities Group, Inc., as placement agent with respect to the transaction (the
"Placement Agent"), a warrant (the "Placement Agent Warrant") to purchase up to
an aggregate of 110,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $18.25
per share. The Placement Agent Warrant is exercisable immediately and will
expire on the fifth anniversary of the issue date. The Placement Agent is also
a party to the registration statement described above.

The sale of these shares was not registered under the Securities Act and the
shares may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an
applicable exemption from registration requirements. The shares were offered
and sold pursuant to the exemption from registration afforded by Rule 506 under
the Securities Act and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act.

The foregoing is a summary of the terms of the Purchase Agreement, Registration
Rights Agreement, the Warrants and the Placement Agent Warrant and does not
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the Purchase Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the
Warrants and the Placement Agent Warrant, copies of which are attached hereto
as Exhibit 10.1, 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4, respectively.

On December 27, 2004, the Company issued a press release announcing the private
placement. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 and is
incorporated into this current report by reference.


Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosure under Item 1.01 of this current report is also responsive to
this Item 3.02 and is incorporated herein by reference.


Section 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

The disclosure under Item 1.01 of the current report is also responsive to this
Item 7.01 and is incorporated herein by reference. In addition, on December 27,
2004, SkyTerra also announced that it expects to seek relisting on the Nasdaq
National Market during the first half of 2005 as a result of the increase in
stockholders equity resulting from the transaction. No assurance can be given
that the Company will be successful in gaining such relisting.

Also attached as Exhibit 99.2, the Company is filing a description of certain
risk factors affecting the Company and its business.


Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(c) Exhibits - The following exhibits are furnished as part of this current
report:

<PAGE>




Exhibit   Description
Number

10.1      Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2004, by and
          among SkyTerra Communications, Inc. and the Purchasers listed on
          Schedule I attached thereto.
10.2      Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2004, by and
          among SkyTerra Communications, Inc., each of the Purchasers and Tejas
          Securities Group, Inc.
10.3      Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company to each
          of the Purchasers.
10.4      Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company to Tejas
          Securities Group, Inc. on December 23, 2004.
99.1      Press Release of SkyTerra Communications, Inc. dated December 27,
          2004.
99.2      Description of certain risk factors affecting the Company and its
          business.

<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


Date: December 27, 2004          SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
                                 (Registrant)
                                 By:      /s/ Robert C. Lewis
                                 Name:    Robert C. Lewis
                                 Title:   Senior Vice President,
                                          General Counsel and Secretary

<PAGE>

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX


Exhibit   Description
Number

10.1      Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2004, by and
          among SkyTerra Communications, Inc. and the Purchasers listed on
          Schedule I attached thereto.
10.2      Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2004, by and
          among SkyTerra Communications, Inc., each of the Purchasers and Tejas
          Securities Group, Inc.
10.3      Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company to each
          of the Purchasers.
10.4      Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company to Tejas
          Securities Group, Inc. on December 23, 2004.
99.1      Press Release of SkyTerra Communications, Inc. dated December 27,
          2004.
99.2      Description of certain risk factors affecting the Company and its
          business.





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>nyc514046.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXH. 10.1 - SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                           Exhibit 10.1


                                                              Execution Version


                         SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

                         SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT


     This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of
December 23, 2004, is by and among SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), and each of the investors listed on Schedule I
hereto (each of the persons or entities listed on Schedule I, individually, a
"Purchaser" and, collectively, the "Purchasers").

     WHEREAS, the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchasers, and the
Purchasers desire to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, an
aggregate of 2,000,000 shares (the "Shares") of the authorized but unissued
shares of the Company's voting common stock, par value $0.01 per share
(including any securities into which or for which such shares may be exchanged
for, or converted into, pursuant to any stock dividend, stock split, stock
combination, recapitalization, reclassification or other similar event
occurring prior to the Closing, the "Common Stock"), at a price of $18.25 per
Share, all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement; and

     WHEREAS, simultaneously with entering into this Agreement, the Company and
the Purchasers are entering into that certain Registration Rights Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof (the "Registration Rights Agreement"), pursuant to
which the Company will assume obligations with respect to the registration of
the Shares and the Warrant Shares (as defined below) on the terms set forth
therein.

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, representations,
warranties and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

     1    Definitions; Certain Rules of Construction. As used in this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

     "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly
or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common
control with such specified Person, and in all cases including, without
limitation, any Person that serves as a general partner and/or investment
adviser or in a similar capacity of a Person. For the purposes of this
Agreement, "control," when used with respect to any specified Person means the
power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such
Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and
"controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

     "Board" means the board of directors of the Company or any duly authorized
committee thereof.

     "business day" (whether such term is capitalized or not) means any day
except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday or a
day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or
required by law or other governmental action to close.

     "Closing Date" means the date hereof.

     "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

     "Environmental Protection Laws" means any law, statute or regulation
enacted by any jurisdiction in connection with or relating to the protection or
regulation of the environment, including, without limitation, those laws,
statutes and regulations regulating the disposal, removal, production, storing,
refining, handling, transferring, processing or transporting of hazardous or
toxic substances, and any orders, decrees or judgments issued by any court of
competent jurisdiction in connection with any of the foregoing.

<PAGE>

     "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

     "ERISA Affiliate" means any Person required to be aggregated with the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company under Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o)
of the Code.

     "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

     "Exchange Act Reports" means the Company's reports filed with the SEC
since January 1, 2003, pursuant to Section 13 of the Exchange Act.

     "GAAP" means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

     "Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any state or
other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining
to government.

     "HNS" means Hughes Network Systems, LLC.

     "Indebtedness" means, as applied to any Person, all indebtedness for
borrowed money, whether current or funded, or secured or unsecured.

     "in writing" means any form of written communication or a communication by
means of facsimile transmission, in all events delivered in accordance with
Section 8.3.

     "Information Package" is defined in Section 4A(b).

     "Lien" means, with respect to any property or asset, any mortgage, lien,
pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such
property or asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under
applicable law, other than (a) those resulting from taxes which have not yet
become delinquent, (b) minor liens and encumbrances that do not materially
detract from the value of the property or materially impair the operations of
the Company or materially interfere with the use of such property or asset or
(c) those relating to Indebtedness incurred prior to the date hereof and any
replacement thereof.

     "Majority Purchasers" means Purchasers holding, at any time, a majority of
the outstanding Shares purchased hereunder on such date.

     "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on the business,
assets, liabilities, properties, operations, prospects or condition (financial
or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

     "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

     "Person" (whether or not capitalized) means an individual, entity,
partnership, limited liability company, corporation, association, trust, joint
venture, unincorporated organization, and any Governmental Authority.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

     "Plan" means any employee benefit plan, program or arrangement, whether
oral or written, maintained or contributed to by the Company, any Subsidiary of
the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, or with respect to which the Company, any
Subsidiary of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate may incur liability.

     "Registration Statements" means the Company's registration statements
filed with the SEC since January 1, 2003, pursuant to the Securities Act.

     "Rule 144" means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and any
successor or substitute rule, law or provision.

     "SEC" means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

     "SEC Reports" means the Exchange Act Reports and the Registration
Statements filed with the SEC prior to the date hereof.

     "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all of
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

     "Significant Subsidiary" means with respect to any Person at any time, any
Subsidiary that is a "significant subsidiary" of such Person within the meaning
of Rule 1-02 under Regulation S-X under the Securities Act.

     "Subsidiary" means with respect to any Person at any time, (a) any other
Person the accounts of which would be required by GAAP to be consolidated with
those of such first Person in its consolidated financial statements as of such
time, and (b) any other Person the capital securities of which having ordinary
voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors (or other persons
having similar functions), or other ownership interest of which ordinarily
constituting a majority voting interest, are at such time, directly or
indirectly, owned or controlled by such first Person or one or more of its
Subsidiaries or by such first Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries.
Unless otherwise expressly provided, all references herein to "Subsidiary"
means a Subsidiary of the Company.

     "Transaction Documents" means, collectively, the Registration Rights
Agreement and the Warrants.

     "Transfer Agent Instruction Letter" means the letter, dated as of the
Closing Date, from the Company to its transfer agent in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit F.

     "Warrant Shares" means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
the exercise of the Warrants.

     The following table sets forth certain other defined terms and the section
of this Agreement in which the meaning of each such term appears:

                                                                      Section(s)
                                                                      ----------

"8-K Filing" ........................................................    6.3

"Aggregate Purchase Price ...........................................    2.1

"Agreement" .........................................................  Preamble

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

                                                                      Section(s)
                                                                      ----------

"Authorizations" .................................................... 3.18(a)

"Closing" ........................................................... 2.2

"Common Stock" ...................................................... Preamble

"Company" ........................................................... Preamble

"Company Indemnitees" ............................................... 7.2

"DGCL" .............................................................. 3.32

"Disclosure Schedules" .............................................. 3

"FCC" ............................................................... 3.18(a)

"Information" ....................................................... 4A(a)

"Intellectual Property" ............................................. 3.25

"Losses" ............................................................ 7.1

"Permits" ........................................................... 3.19

"Placement Agent" ................................................... 3.23

"Placement Agent's Letter" .......................................... 5.2(g)

"PUC" ............................................................... 3.18(a)

"Purchase Price Per Share" .......................................... 2.1

"Purchaser" ......................................................... Preamble

"Purchaser Indemnitee" .............................................. 7.1

"Registration Rights Agreement" ..................................... Preamble

"Securities Laws Exemption" ......................................... 3.30

"Shares" ............................................................ Preamble

"Warrant(s)" ........................................................ 2.3


     2    Purchase and Sale of Shares.
          ---------------------------

          2.1   Purchase and Sale. Subject to and upon the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement, the Company agrees to issue and sell to each
Purchaser, and each Purchaser hereby agrees, severally and not jointly, to
purchase from the Company, at the Closing, the number of Shares set forth
opposite such Purchaser's name on Schedule I hereto, at a purchase price equal
to $18.25 per share (the "Purchase Price Per Share"). The aggregate purchase
price payable by the Purchasers to the Company for all of the Shares shall be
$36,500,000 (the "Aggregate Purchase Price").

          2.2   Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated under this
Agreement (the "Closing") shall take place at Four Times Square, New York, NY
at the offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, on the Closing
Date, or on such other date and at such time as may be agreed upon between the
Purchasers, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand. At the
Closing, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser a single stock
certificate, registered in the name of such Purchaser, representing the number
of Shares purchased by such Purchaser, against payment by such Purchaser of its

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

respective aggregate Purchase Price Per Share by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to the account described on Exhibit G hereto, which stock
certificate shall bear the legend set forth in Section 6.2(a). The stock
certificates delivered to the Purchasers and representing the Shares will be
registered in the names and addresses of the Purchasers set forth on Schedule I
hereto.

          2.3   Issuance of Common Stock Purchase Warrants at Closing. Subject
to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company
agrees to issue to each Purchaser, at the Closing, a Common Stock Purchase
Warrant, substantially in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto (each
individually, a "Warrant" and, collectively with all Common Stock Purchase
Warrants issued pursuant to this Section 2.3 to the other Purchasers, the
"Warrants"), exercisable for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth
opposite the name of such Purchaser under the heading "Number of Warrant
Shares" on Schedule I hereto, at an exercise price per Warrant Share equal to
the Purchase Price Per Share. No additional consideration shall be payable by
any Purchaser in respect of the issuance by the Company of such Purchaser's
Warrant at the Closing.

     3.   Representations and Warranties of the Company. In order to induce the
Purchasers to enter into this Agreement and to purchase the Shares, except as
disclosed in the corresponding sections of the Disclosure Schedules delivered
concurrently herewith (the "Disclosure Schedules"), the Company hereby makes
the following representations and warranties as of the Closing Date, all of
which shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
purchase of the Shares for a period of 24 months, as provided in Section 8.9:

          3.1   Corporate Status. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries (a)
has been duly organized, and is validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has the corporate or limited
liability company, as applicable, power and authority to own its property and
assets and to transact the business in which it is engaged and presently
proposes to engage and (b) has duly qualified to do business and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction where it is required to be so qualified and where
the failure to be so qualified would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is currently in
violation of any of the provisions of its Certificate of Incorporation or
By-laws (or other charter document), each as amended to date.

          3.2  Corporate Power and Authority. All corporate action on the part
of the Company, its officers, directors and shareholders necessary for the
authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
herein and therein has been taken. When executed and delivered by the Company,
this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents shall constitute the
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the
Company in accordance with its terms, except as such may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other laws affecting creditors'
rights generally and by general equitable principles. The Company has all
requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the
Transaction Documents and to carry out and perform its obligations under the
terms hereof and thereof.

          3.3   No Violation. Neither the execution, delivery and performance by
the Company of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents nor compliance with
the terms and provisions hereof and thereof (a) will contravene any applicable
provision of any law, statute, rule, regulation, order, writ, injunction or
decree of any court or Governmental Authority, except as would not have a
Material Adverse Effect, (b) will conflict with or result in any breach of, any
of the material terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a
default under, or result in the creation or imposition of (or the obligation to
create or impose) any Lien upon any of the property or assets of the Company or
any Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of, any indenture, mortgage, deed of
trust, agreement or other instrument to which the Company or any of its

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its or their property or
assets are bound or to which it may be subject or result in the acceleration of
any obligation of the Company, except as would not have a Material Adverse
Effect, or (c) will violate any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation
or By-laws of the Company, each as amended to date.

          3.4   Capitalization. Section 3.4 of the Disclosure Schedules
discloses the number of authorized, issued and outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Company, and outstanding warrants and options to purchase capital
stock of the Company (a) as of the date hereof , (b) as of the date hereof pro
forma to give effect to the agreement to acquire a 50% interest in HNS and (c)
as of the date hereof pro forma to give effect to the sale of the Shares and
Warrants hereunder. As of the date hereof, 2,312,901 shares of Common Stock
were reserved for future issuance pursuant to outstanding options and warrants
issued by the Company. As of the date hereof, except as disclosed in Section
3.4 of the Disclosure Schedules, or for the exercise rights of the Warrants,
there are no other outstanding options, warrants, rights (including conversion
or preemptive rights) or any agreement for the purchase or acquisition from the
Company or any Subsidiary of any shares of the Company's capital stock or
voting agreements with respect to equity of the Company. All outstanding shares
of the capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable. Except as disclosed in Section 3.4 of the
Disclosure Schedules, there are no obligations, contingent or otherwise, of the
Company or any Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares
of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company or to provide funds
to make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution, guaranty
or otherwise) in any other entity for the purpose of acquiring any shares of
Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company. Except as disclosed in
Section 3.4 of the Disclosure Schedules, the sale of the Shares and the
issuance of the Warrants under this Agreement, and the issuance of any Warrant
Shares upon exercise of the Warrants in their current form, will not result in
the Company being obligated to issue, sell or purchase, pursuant to any
existing pre-emptive, anti-dilution, redemption or other right of third
parties, shares of Common Stock or other securities to or from any Person
(other than the Purchasers), and will not result in a right of any holder of
convertible or contingent securities issued by the Company to adjust the
exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under such securities, including,
in any such case, pursuant to any "poison pill" or shareholders rights plan.
None of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company were issued in
violation of the Securities Act or any state securities laws.

          3.5   Valid Issuance of the Shares. The Shares, the Warrants and the
Warrant Shares have been duly authorized, and the Shares and the Warrant
Shares, upon issuance pursuant to the terms hereof and the terms of the
Warrants, respectively, (a) will be validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, (b) will not be subject to any preemptive rights or any other
similar contractual rights of the stockholders of the Company or any other
Person, and (c) will be recorded in the Company's share register in the name of
and delivered to the applicable Purchaser (with respect to the Shares) and the
applicable Holder (as defined in the Warrant), as applicable, free and clear of
any Liens (defined for purposes hereof without regard to the exceptions set
forth in clauses (a) through (c) of the definition of Lien), claims, charges,
taxes, options or transfer restrictions of any kind which are imposed by the
Company, or arise as a result of the Company's action or omission, other than
in each case those transfer restrictions explicitly set forth in this Agreement
(including, without limitation, Sections 4.4, 6.1 and 6.2) and in the Warrants.
The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise in full of the Warrants (assuming
the Warrants vest in full) and the issuance of the Shares hereunder.

          3.6   Litigation. Except as disclosed in Section 3.6 of the Disclosure
Schedules or the SEC Reports, no actions, suits, claims, investigations or
proceedings are pending or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened that would
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, (a) a
Material Adverse Effect or (b) an adverse effect on the rights or remedies of
the Purchasers or on the ability of the Company or its Subsidiaries to perform

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

when due to be performed their respective obligations under this Agreement or
the Transaction Documents. Except as disclosed in Section 3.6 of the Disclosure
Schedules, neither the Company nor any Significant Subsidiary is a party to or
named in or subject to any order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree of any
court or Governmental Authority.

          3.7   Approvals. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers'
representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4 and 4A below, the
Investor Questionnaire executed and delivered by each Purchaser to the Company,
such Investor Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, and the
representations and warranties of Placement Agent set forth in the Placement
Agent's Letter, except for (a) any required filings and recordings which have
been made and are in full force and effect, (b) the filing of a registration
statement with the SEC pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement and (c)
applicable blue sky notice filings or a Form D to be timely filed with the SEC,
no order, consent, approval, license, authorization or validation of, or
filing, recording or registration with, or exemption by, any Person or
Governmental Authority, is required to authorize or is required for or as a
condition to (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or
the Transaction Documents or (ii) the legality, validity, binding effect or
enforceability of this Agreement or the Transaction Documents. The execution
and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents,
the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein, and the
issuance of the Shares and the Warrants and, upon exercise of the Warrants, the
Warrant Shares, do not require the consent or approval of the stockholders of
the Company or any other Person.

          3.8   Contracts. All material agreements to which the Company or a
Subsidiary is a party or to which the property or assets of the Company or a
Subsidiary are subject are included as part of or specifically identified in
the SEC Reports to the extent required by the rules and regulations of the SEC
as in effect at the time of filing of such SEC Reports. All such material
agreements required to be filed as exhibits to the SEC Reports are legal, valid
and binding obligations of the Company or Subsidiary, as relevant, in
accordance with their respective terms and, to the knowledge of the Company,
the other parties thereto, except in any case as may be limited by bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other laws affecting creditors' rights generally
and by general equitable principles. The Company and its Subsidiaries are not,
nor to their knowledge is any counterparty, in violation of or default under,
any agreement to which any of them in a party, except as would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          3.9   Conformity to Securities Act and Exchange Act; No Misstatement
or Omission. Each of the SEC Reports as of the date it was filed with the SEC
in the case of the Exchange Act Reports or declared effective in the case of
the Registration Statements, complied in all material respects with the
applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (as
applicable) and the respective rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder and
did not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading.
Since January 1, 2003, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

          3.10  Financial Statements; Indebtedness.
                ----------------------------------

                (a)  Except as disclosed in Section 3.10(a) of the Disclosure
Schedules, the financial statements and supporting schedules included in the
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, and
in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2004 and in any Registration Statements or other SEC Reports, in each case
filed with the SEC, present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the dates
specified and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

the periods specified, in each case, in conformity with GAAP applied on a
consistent basis during the periods involved, except as indicated therein or in
the notes thereto.

                (b)  Except for intercompany Indebtedness or Indebtedness
disclosed in Section 3.10(b) of the Disclosure Schedules and in the Company's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, and in the
Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2004, the Company and its Subsidiaries have no Indebtedness outstanding at the
date hereof, and, other than as disclosed in the SEC Reports, since the date of
the balance sheet included in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended September 30, 2004, the Company and its Subsidiaries have
incurred no liabilities or obligations, whether known or unknown, asserted or
unasserted, fixed or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, matured or unmatured,
liquidated or unliquidated, or otherwise, except for liabilities or obligations
that, individually or in the aggregate, do not or would not have a Material
Adverse Effect and other than liabilities and obligations arising in the
ordinary course of business. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries is in
default with respect to any outstanding Indebtedness or any instrument relating
thereto, and no event has occurred, or facts and circumstances exist, which,
after passage of time, would result in such a default.

          3.11  Investment Company Act. The Company is not an "investment
company" or a company "controlled" by an "investment company," within the
meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

          3.12  Public Utility Holding Company Act. The Company is not a
"holding company," or a "subsidiary company" of a "holding company," or an
"affiliate" of a "holding company" or of a "subsidiary company" of a "holding
company," within the meaning of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935.

          3.13  No Material Adverse Changes. Since September 30, 2004 or as
disclosed in the SEC Reports, (a) no event has occurred which has had, or would
reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect; (b) except as
contemplated by this Agreement or as disclosed in Section 3.13(b) of the
Disclosure Schedules, there has been no transaction entered into by the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries other than transactions in the ordinary course of
business or transactions which would not, individually or in the aggregate, be
material to the Company; (c) there have not been any changes in the Company's
authorized capital or any increases in the Indebtedness of the Company and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, except as disclosed in Section 3.13(c) of the
Disclosure Schedules; (d) there has been no actual or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened revocation of, or default under, any contract to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, except as would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (e) except as disclosed in
Section 3.13(e) of the Disclosure Schedules, there have not been any amendments
or changes in the charter documents or by-laws of the Company or the
Significant Subsidiaries; (f) except as disclosed in Section 3.13(f) of the
Disclosure Schedules, there has not been any entry into, amendment of,
relinquishment, termination or non-renewal by the Company or the Significant
Subsidiaries of any material contract, license, lease, transaction, commitment
or other right or obligation, other than in the ordinary course of business,
consistent with past practice; and (g) there has not been any transfer or grant
of a right with respect to the Intellectual Property owned or licensed by the
Company or the Significant Subsidiaries, except as among the Company and the
Significant Subsidiaries.

          3.14  Tax Returns and Payments. Except as disclosed in Section 3.14 of
the Disclosure Schedules, each of the Company and each of its Significant
Subsidiaries has filed all federal income tax returns and all other domestic
and foreign tax returns and reports required to be filed by it and has paid all
taxes and assessments payable by it which have become due, except for those
contested in good faith and adequately reserved against (in the good faith
determination of the Company), all of which, to the extent outstanding on the

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

Closing Date, have been disclosed by the Company in the SEC Reports. All such
returns and reports are true and correct in all material respects. Except as
disclosed in Section 3.14 of the Disclosure Schedules or the SEC Reports, each
of the Company and each of its Significant Subsidiaries has paid, or has
provided adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the Company) for the
payment of, all material federal, state and foreign taxes that are not yet due
and payable for all fiscal years, including the current fiscal year, to date.
Except as disclosed in Section 3.14 of the Disclosure Schedules or the SEC
Reports, no action, suit, proceeding, investigation, audit or claim is now
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or its Subsidiaries, threatened by
any authority regarding any taxes relating to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. As of the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any of its Significant
Subsidiaries has entered into an agreement or waiver or been requested to enter
into an agreement or waiver extending any statute of limitations relating to
the payment or collection of taxes of the Company or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in Section 3.14 of the Disclosure Schedules
or the SEC Reports, no tax return of the Company or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries is or has been the subject of an audit or examination by any
taxing authority, other than any such audit or examination which has been
completed or closed. Except as disclosed in Section 3.14 of the the Disclosure
Schedules, each of the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries has withheld
from each payment made to any of its past or present employees, officers and
directors, and any other person, the amount of all material taxes and other
deductions required to be withheld therefrom and paid the same to the proper
taxing authority within the time required by law.

          3.15  Significant Subsidiaries. As of the Closing Date, the Company
has no directly held Significant Subsidiary other than those disclosed in
Section 3.15 of the Disclosure Schedules or the SEC Reports. Each of the
Company and the Significant Subsidiaries has good title to all of the shares
(or other equity interests) it purports to own of the stock of each Significant
Subsidiary, free and clear in each case of any Lien (defined for purposes
hereof without regard to the exceptions contained in (a) to (c) of the
definition of Lien). All such shares have been duly authorized, validly issued
and are fully paid and nonassessable. As of the Closing Date, the Company is
not party to any joint venture or similar arrangement, except as disclosed in
the SEC Reports.

          3.16  Properties. Except as disclosed in Section 3.16 of the
Disclosure Schedules, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns its
properties and assets, including all such properties reflected in their balance
sheets included in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended September 30, 2004, free and clear of all Liens, other than as referred
to in such balance sheet or in the notes thereto. Except as disclosed in the
SEC Reports or Section 3.16 of the Disclosure Schedules, with respect to leased
property and assets, the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with
such leases and hold a valid leasehold interest, free of any Liens, except as
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          3.17  Labor Relations. The Company and its Significant Subsidiaries
are not engaged in any unfair labor practice. No unfair labor practice
complaint is pending against the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries
or, to the best of its knowledge, threatened against it or any of its
Significant Subsidiaries, before the National Labor Relations Board or similar
foreign labor relations authority, and no grievance or arbitration proceeding
arising out of or under any collective bargaining agreement is so pending
against the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, or, to the best of
its knowledge, threatened against it or any of its Significant Subsidiaries. No
strike, labor dispute, slowdown or stoppage is pending against the Company or
any of its Significant Subsidiaries or, to the best of its knowledge,
threatened against the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries. No union
representation question exists with respect to the employees of the Company or
any of its Significant Subsidiaries and no union organizing activities are
taking place. The Company and its Significant Subsidiaries have complied in all
material respects with all applicable state and federal equal opportunity and

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

other laws related to employment. To the Company's knowledge, no employee of
the Company or any Significant Subsidiary is or will be in violation of any
judgment, decree, or order, or any term of any employment contract, patent
disclosure agreement, or other contract or agreement relating to the
relationship of any such employee with the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary, or any other party because of the nature of the business presently
conducted or presently proposed to be conducted by the Company and its
Significant Subsidiaries. The Company is not aware that any officer or key
employee, or that any group of key employees, intends to terminate their
employment with the Company or any Significant Subsidiary, nor does the Company
or any Significant Subsidiary have a present intention to terminate the
employment of any of the foregoing. Subject to general principles related to
wrongful termination of employees, the employment of each officer and employee
of the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries is terminable at the will of
the Company or the applicable Significant Subsidiary, except as disclosed in
the SEC Reports.

          3.18  Regulatory Matters.
                ------------------

                (a)  Authorizations. The Company holds all Federal
Communications Commission ("FCC"), state public utility commission ("PUC") and
foreign regulatory authority permits, licenses, certificates, registrations and
other similar authorizations necessary or appropriate for the conduct of its
business (collectively, the "Authorizations"), the lack of which would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have maintained and kept in
force and effect, and have applied in a timely manner for renewal of all such
Authorizations. Except as disclosed in Section 3.18(a) of the Disclosure
Schedules, the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all such
Authorizations and any terms and conditions thereto except such non-compliance
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in Section 3.18(a) of the
Disclosure Schedules, each Authorization which is material to the business of
the Company is valid and in full force and effect, and the Company and its
Subsidiaries have not received notice from the FCC, any PUC, or any foreign
regulatory authority of its intention to revoke, suspend, condition or fail to
renew any such Authorization, which would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed
in Section 3.18(a) of the Disclosure Schedules, no event has occurred or facts
and circumstances exist, which allows or would reasonably be expected to allow,
or which after notice or lapse of time would allow or would reasonably be
expected to allow, revocation, suspension, non-renewal or termination or result
in any other material impairment of the Company's or its Subsidiaries' rights
under any of its Authorizations to the extent that such revocation, termination
or impairment would have a Material Adverse Effect.

                (b)  Compliance with Law. Except as disclosed in Section 3.18(b)
of the Disclosure Schedules, the conduct of the Company's business complies
with all applicable U.S., state, local and foreign laws (including, without
limitation, the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, and the Communications
Assistance for Law Enforcement Act), ordinances, rules, regulations, and orders
(including, without limitation, those issued by the FCC, any PUC or any foreign
regulatory authority), except where the failure to so comply would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

          3.19  Permits. The Company and its Subsidiaries have all franchises,
permits, licenses and any similar authority (the "Permits") necessary for the
conduct of their business as now being conducted by them, the lack of which
could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. As of the date hereof, no suspension or cancellation
of any of the Permits is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened which could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company believes it can obtain,
without undue burden or expense, any similar authority for the conduct of its
business as presently proposed to be conducted. The Company and its Significant

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

Subsidiaries are not in default under any of such franchises, permits, licenses
or other similar authorities.

          3.20  ERISA. Neither the Company nor any Significant Subsidiary or
ERISA Affiliate maintains or contributes to any Plan other than those disclosed
in Section 3.20 of the Disclosure Schedules.

                (a)  Compliance with ERISA. The Company and each ERISA Affiliate
is in compliance with ERISA and no contributions required to be made by the
Company or any ERISA Affiliate to any pension plan are overdue.

                (b)  PBGC. No liability to the PBGC has been or is expected to
be incurred by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate with respect to any pension
plan that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. No circumstance exists that constitutes grounds
under section 4042 of ERISA entitling the PBGC to institute proceedings to
terminate, or appoint a trustee to administer, any pension plan or trust
created thereunder, nor has the PBGC instituted any such proceeding.

                (c)  Multiemployer Plans. Neither the Company nor any ERISA
Affiliate has incurred or presently expects to incur any withdrawal liability
under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any multiemployer plan. There have been
no "reportable events" (as such term is defined in section 4043 of ERISA) with
respect to any multiemployer plan that could result in the termination of such
multiemployer plan and give rise to a liability of the Company or any ERISA
Affiliate in respect thereof. Neither the Company nor any Significant
Subsidiary has incurred or does it expect to incur liability under Sections 412
or 4971 of the Code; and each "pension plan" for which the Company would have
any liability that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code
has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be so qualified and
nothing has occurred, whether by action or by failure to act, which could
reasonably be expected to cause the loss of such qualification.

          3.21  Insurance. The Company maintains insurance of the types and in
the amounts and covering such risks as is prudent and adequate for its business
as currently conducted and for the value of its properties as is customary for
companies engaged in similar lines of business in similar industries all of
which insurance is in full force and effect. Neither the Company nor any
Significant Subsidiary has (i) received notice from any insurer or agent of
such insurer that capital improvements or other expenditures are required or
necessary to be made in order to continue such insurance or (ii) any reason to
believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as
and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage at reasonable cost
from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business.

          3.22  Accounts Receivable. The accounts and notes receivable of the
Company and its Subsidiaries reflected on the balance sheet included in the
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003, and
all accounts and notes receivable arising subsequent to December 31, 2003, in
each case subject to an allowance for doubtful accounts in accordance with
GAAP, (i) arose from bona fide sales transactions in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice and are payable on ordinary trade terms,
(ii) to the knowledge of the Company and each Significant Subsidiary, are
legal, valid and binding obligations of the respective debtors enforceable in
accordance with their respective terms, (iii) to the knowledge of the Company
and each Significant Subsidiary, are not subject to any valid set-off or
counterclaim, and (iv) are not the subject of any actions or proceedings
brought by or on behalf of the Company or any Significant Subsidiary.

          3.23  Brokers. Except for Tejas Securities Group Inc. ("Placement
Agent"), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any liability to pay any
fees, commissions or other similar compensation to any broker, finder,

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

investment banker, financial advisor or other similar Person in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          3.24  Leases. Each of the Company and the Significant Subsidiaries has
complied with all material obligations under all leases for real property to
which it is a party as a lessee. All leases relating to the leasehold estates
of each of the Company and the Significant Subsidiaries necessary for the
conduct of the business of such Person are, with respect to the Company, valid
and enforceable, and, to the knowledge of the Company, are, valid and
enforceable with respect to the lessor, and each of the Company and the
Significant Subsidiaries that is the lessee in respect thereof currently enjoys
peaceful and undisturbed possession of the premises subject thereto.

          3.25  Intellectual Property. Except as disclosed in Section 3.25 of
the Disclosure Schedules, each of the Company and the Significant Subsidiaries
owns, possesses or has the right to use all of the patents, trademarks, service
marks, trade names, copyrights, franchises and licenses, and rights with
respect thereto (collectively, "Intellectual Property"), necessary for the
present conduct of its business and as such business is proposed to be
conducted, without any infringement of the rights of others. There are no
outstanding options, licenses, or agreements of any kind relating to the
Company's and/or its Significant Subsidiaries' Intellectual Property with the
exception of agreements for the sale or license of the Company's products or
services in the ordinary course of business. The Company has not received any
communications alleging that the Company or any Significant Subsidiary has
violated or, by conducting its business as presently proposed, would violate
any of the Intellectual Property of any other Person.

          3.26  Environmental Compliance.
                ------------------------

                (a)  Compliance. The Company and each of the Significant
Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Environmental Protection Laws in effect
in each jurisdiction where it is currently doing business and no material
expenditures will be required in order to comply with any Environmental
Protection Law.

                (b)  Liability. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is
subject to any liability under any Environmental Protection Law that, in the
aggregate for all such liabilities, would reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

                (c)  Notices. Neither the Company nor any Significant Subsidiary
has received any

                     (i)    notice from any Governmental Authority by which any
of its currently or previously owned or leased properties has been identified
in any manner by any Governmental Authority as a hazardous substance disposal
or removal site, "Super Fund" clean-up site, or candidate for removal or
closure pursuant to any Environmental Protection Law,

                     (ii)   notice of any Lien arising under or in connection
with any Environmental Protection Law that has attached to any revenues of, or
to, any of its currently or previously owned or leased properties, or

                     (iii)  communication, written or oral, from any
Governmental Authority concerning any action or omission in connection with its
currently or previously owned or leased properties resulting in the release of
any hazardous substance resulting in any violation of any Environmental
Protection Law,

                                     -12-
<PAGE>

in each case where the effect of which, in the aggregate for all such notices
and communications, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect.

          3.27  Registration Rights. Except as disclosed in Section 3.27 of the
Disclosure Schedules, the Company is not currently subject to any agreement
providing any Person any rights (including piggyback registration rights) to
have any securities of the Company registered with the SEC or registered or
qualified with any other Governmental Authority. Except as disclosed in Section
3.27 of the Disclosure Schedules, currently, no Person has, with respect to the
Company, and the Company will not grant to any Person any registration rights
(including demand and "piggyback" registration rights) inconsistent with or
superior to any of those contained in the Registration Rights Agreement, so
long as any of the registration rights under the Registration Rights Agreement
remain in effect.

          3.28  Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as disclosed
in the SEC Reports or Section 3.28 of the Disclosure Schedules, none of the
officers, directors or employees of the Company (or members of any such
Person's immediate family) is presently a party to any transaction or agreement
with the Company (other than for services as employees, officers and directors
entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices)
exceeding $60,000 in value, including any contract, agreement or other
arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for
rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments
to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the
Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a
substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. Except in
connection with the Transaction Documents or as disclosed in the SEC Reports or
Section 3.28 of the Disclosure Schedules, there are no agreements,
understandings or proposed transactions between the Company or any Significant
Subsidiary, on the one hand, and any of its officers, affiliates or directors,
or any of their affiliates, on the other hand.

          3.29  Internal Accounting Controls. The Company maintains a system of
internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that
(i) transactions are executed in accordance with management's general or
specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain
asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance
with management's general or specific authorizations, and (iv) the recorded
accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The
Company and its Subsidiaries have established and maintained disclosure
controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule
l5d-15(e) under the Exchange Act); such disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company and its
Subsidiaries is made known to the Company's principal executive officer and its
principal financial officer by others within those entities, and such
disclosure controls and procedures are effective to perform the functions for
which they were established; the Company's auditors and the audit committee of
the Board have been advised of: (i) any significant deficiencies in the design
or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the Company's or
its Subsidiaries' ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial
data; and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a role in the Company's or its Subsidiaries' internal
controls; any material weaknesses in internal controls have been identified for
the Company's auditors; since the date of the most recent evaluation of such
disclosure controls and procedures, there have been no significant changes in
internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal
controls, including any corrective actions with regard to significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses; the principal executive officer and
principal financial officer of the Company have made all certifications
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act") and any
related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, and the statements
contained in any such certification are complete and correct; and the Company

                                     -13-
<PAGE>

and its Subsidiaries are otherwise in compliance with all applicable provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act that are effective.

          3.30  Securities Laws. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers'
representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4 and 4A below, the
Investor Questionnaire executed and delivered by each Purchaser to the Company,
such Investor Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, and the
representations and warranties of Placement Agent set forth in the Placement
Agent's Letter, the offer, sale and issuance of the Shares and the Warrants,
and issuance of Warrant Shares, as provided in this Agreement and the Warrants,
is and is intended to be (a) exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(2) thereof and Regulation D promulgated
thereunder, and (b) exempt from registration or qualification requirements of
applicable state securities laws (together, the "Securities Laws Exemptions").
Assuming the accuracy of representations and warranties of Placement Agent set
forth in the Placement Agent's Letter and the engagement letter executed by the
Company and Placement Agent on December 13, 2004, neither the Company nor
anyone acting on its behalf has taken any action that would cause the loss of
such exemptions.

          3.31  No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of representations
and warranties of Placement Agent set forth in the Placement Agent's Letter and
the engagement letter executed by the Company and Placement Agent on December
13, 2004, neither the Company, nor any Affiliate of the Company, nor any Person
acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, engaged in any form
of general solicitation or general advertising with respect to any security or
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any
security, under circumstances that would cause the offering or issuance of the
Shares, the Warrants or any Warrant Shares pursuant to this Agreement and the
Transaction Documents to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for
purposes of the Securities Act which would cause the Securities Laws Exemptions
to be unavailable, or would cause any applicable state securities laws
exemptions or any applicable stockholder approval provisions exemptions,
including, without limitation, under the rules and regulations of any national
securities exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the
securities of the Company are listed or designated to be unavailable, nor will
the Company take any action or steps that would cause the offering or issuance
of the Shares, the Warrants or any Warrant Shares pursuant to this Agreement
and the Transaction Documents to be integrated with other offerings.

          3.32  Section 203 of the DGCL. To the knowledge of the Company, no
Purchaser is an "interested stockholder" (as defined in Section 203 of Delaware
General Corporation Law (the "DGCL")) of the Company as of the Closing Date,
nor will a Purchaser be deemed an "interested stockholder" as a result of the
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein, and the restrictions on
"business combinations" (as defined in Section 203 of the DGCL) set forth in
Section 203 of the DGCL do not apply to the transactions contemplated hereby.
The Board has approved the issuance to each Purchaser of the Shares, the
Warrants and the Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, and the
restrictions on "business combinations" set forth in Section 203 of the DGCL
will not apply to any exercise of the Warrants by a Purchaser.

          3.33  Solvency. Based on the consolidated financial condition of the
Company and the Subsidiaries as of the date hereof, (i) the fair saleable value
of the Company's assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on
or in respect of the Company's existing debts and other liabilities (including
known and contingent liabilities) as they mature; (ii) the Company's assets do
not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business for the
current fiscal year as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, including
its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of
the business conducted by the Company, projected capital requirements and
capital availability thereof; and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company,
together with the proceeds the Company would receive were it to liquidate all
of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash,

                                     -14-
<PAGE>

would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its debts when such
amounts are required to be paid. The Company has no present intention to incur
debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt).

          3.34  S-3 Eligibility. The Company is currently eligible under the
eligibility requirements of General Instruction I.B.3 to Registration Statement
on Form S-3 to register the resale of its Common Stock on a registration
statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act. To the knowledge of the
Company, there exist no facts or circumstances that would reasonably be
expected to prohibit or delay the preparation and filing of a registration
statement on Form S-3 with respect to the Shares and the Warrant Shares in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Registration Rights
Agreement.

     4    Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. In order to induce
the Company to enter into this Agreement and to sell the Shares and the
Warrants, each Purchaser hereby makes the following representations and
warranties severally (as to such Purchaser only) and not jointly, as of the
Closing Date, all of which shall survive the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the purchase of the Shares for a period of 24 months, as provided
in Section 8.9:

          4.1   Authorization. All corporate, partnership or limited liability
company action on the part of such Purchaser necessary for the authorization,
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Registration
Rights Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein
and therein, has been taken. When executed and delivered by such Purchaser,
each of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement shall constitute
the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against
such Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except as such may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other laws affecting creditors'
rights generally and by general equitable principles. Such Purchaser has all
requisite corporate, partnership or limited liability company power and
authority to enter into each of this Agreement and the Registration Rights
Agreement and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms hereof
and thereof.

          4.2   Purchase Entirely for Own Account. Such Purchaser is acquiring
the Shares and the Warrants for its own account for investment and not for the
account of any other person or with a view to any resale, fractionalization,
division, or distribution thereof in a manner that would require registration
thereof or the transactions contemplated hereby under the Securities Act. Such
Purchaser has no contract, undertaking, agreement, understanding or arrangement
with any person to sell, transfer, or pledge to any person any part or all of
the Shares and the Warrants which such Purchaser is acquiring, or any interest
therein, and have no present plans to enter into the same. The Shares, the
Warrants and the Warrant Shares were offered or sold to such Purchaser by means
of a direct solicitation by the Company and Placement Agent.

          4.3   Investor Status; Etc. Such Purchaser certifies and represents to
the Company that (i) it is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule
501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act
and was not organized for the purpose of acquiring any of the Shares or the
Warrants or is an individual with net worth in excess of $100 million and (ii)
such Purchaser's Investor Questionnaire is complete and correct. Such Purchaser
has adequate means of providing for his, her or its current needs and personal
contingencies, has no need now, and anticipates no need in the foreseeable
future, to sell the Shares and the Warrants, and currently has sufficient net
worth and financial liquidity to afford a complete loss of his, her or its
investment in the Company. Such Purchaser has such knowledge and experience in
financial and business matters so that such Purchaser is capable of evaluating
the merits and risks of an investment in the Company (including, without
limitation, the risks described in the Information Package) and has made such
evaluation. Such Purchaser fully understands that the Shares, the Warrants and
the Warrant Shares are speculative investments which involve a high degree of
risk of loss of such Purchaser's entire investment. No person or entity, other

                                     -15-
<PAGE>

than the Company, Placement Agent or their authorized representatives, has
offered the Shares or the Warrants to such Purchaser. Such Purchaser is able to
bear the economic risk of an investment in the Shares and the Warrants.

          4.4   Securities Not Registered. Such Purchaser understands that the
Shares, the Warrants and any Warrant Shares issued thereunder have not been
registered under the Securities Act, by reason of their issuance by the Company
in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act, and that the Shares, the Warrants and any Warrant Shares issued thereunder
must continue to be held by such Purchaser unless a subsequent disposition
thereof is registered under the Securities Act or is exempt from such
registration. Such Purchaser understands that the exemptions from registration
afforded by Rule 144 (the provisions of which are known to it) promulgated
under the Securities Act depend on the satisfaction of various conditions, and
that, if applicable, Rule 144 may afford the basis for sales only in limited
amounts. Such Purchaser has had an opportunity to ask questions of and receive
answers from the management and authorized representatives of the Company, and
to review any other relevant documents and records concerning the business of
the Company and the terms and conditions of this investment, and that any such
questions have been answered to such Purchaser's full satisfaction. Such
Purchaser understands that no federal or state agency has passed upon or made
any recommendation or endorsement of an investment in the Shares or the
Warrants.

          4.5   No Violation. Neither the execution, delivery and performance by
such Purchaser of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement nor
compliance with the terms and provisions hereof and thereof by such Purchaser
(a) will contravene any applicable provision of any law, statute, rule,
regulation, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or Governmental
Authority, except as would not have a material adverse effect on such
Purchaser's ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; or (b)
will violate any provision of the organizational documents of such Purchaser,
except as would not have a material adverse effect on such Purchaser's ability
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

          4.6   Brokers. Such Purchaser has no liability to pay any fees,
commissions or other similar compensation to any broker, finder, investment
banker, financial advisor or other similar Person in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          4.7   Consents. All consents, approvals, orders and authorizations
required on the part of such Purchaser in connection with the execution,
delivery or performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated herein have been obtained and are effective as of the
date hereof.

     4A   Additional Representations, Warranties and Acknowledgement of the
Purchasers. In order to induce the Company to enter into this Agreement and
to sell the Shares and the Warrants, each Purchaser hereby makes the following
representations and warranties severally (as to such Purchaser only) and not
jointly, as of the Closing Date, all of which shall survive the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the purchase of the Shares for a period of 24
months, as provided in Section 8.9:

          (a)   Such Purchaser hereby acknowledges that the Company recently
announced its agreement to acquire a 50% interest in HNS, which is a newly
formed limited liability company that will acquire substantially all of the
assets and liabilities of Hughes Network Systems, Inc., a wholly owned
subsidiary of The DirecTV Group, Inc. Further, such Purchaser acknowledges that
the Company possesses material, non-public information regarding HNS (the
"Information"). At such Purchaser's request, such Purchaser has not been
provided with any of the Information and such Purchaser acknowledges that the
Information might be material to its decision to enter into this Agreement or
otherwise materially adverse to its interests. Such Purchaser acknowledges and
agrees that it does not wish to receive any of the Information, notwithstanding
the Company's offer to disclose and discuss the same with such Purchaser.

                                     -16-
<PAGE>

          (b)   Such Purchaser further represents that, notwithstanding not
receiving the Information, it believes it has adequate information concerning
the business and financial condition of the Company to make an informed
decision regarding entering into the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Such Purchaser has independently and without reliance upon the
Information or otherwise upon the Company (except to the extent expressly set
forth in this Agreement), Placement Agent or their agents, made its own
analysis and decision to enter into the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, (x) the Company shall not be deemed
to have made any representation or warranty (including in respect of the
Company's information package dated December 15, 2004 (the "Information
Package")) other than as expressly made by the Company in this Agreement and
(y) neither the Company nor Placement Agent shall be deemed to have made any
representation or warranty regarding the Information. Such Purchaser
understands the disadvantage to which it may be subject on account of its
express desire not to receive the Information.

          (c)   Such Purchaser is relying solely upon the advice of its own
financial, legal and tax advisors and its entering into the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement is the result of independent arm's length
negotiations between such Purchaser and the Company. Such Purchaser also
acknowledges that the Company and Placement Agent are relying on Sections 4 and
4A and would not consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in
the absence of Sections 4 and 4A.

          (d)   Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the
contrary, such Purchaser hereby irrevocably and forever releases and discharges
the Company, Placement Agent and their respective affiliates, directors,
officers, employees, representatives, agents, advisors and controlling persons
and their respective successors and assigns from any and all Losses, including,
but not limited to, any and all liabilities, claims or demands (legal,
equitable or otherwise) alleging violations of federal or state securities
laws, common law fraud or deceit, breach or fiduciary duty, negligence, tort or
any other theory, based upon, arising from, relating to, or in connection with,
directly or indirectly, the non-disclosure of, in whole or in part, the
Information.

          (e)   Such Purchaser hereby acknowledges that it is familiar with its
responsibilities under federal and state securities laws relating to
restrictions on trading in securities of an issuer while in possession of
material, non-public information, and restrictions on sharing such information
with other persons who may engage in such trading. Such Purchaser represents
and warrants to, and agrees with, the Company that neither it nor any of its
directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives has violated, and
none of them will violate, any of such restrictions with respect to the Shares,
Warrants, Warrant Shares or any other securities of the Company.

     5    Conditions Precedent.
          --------------------

          5.1   Conditions to the Obligation of the Purchasers to Consummate the
Closing. The obligation of each Purchaser to consummate the Closing and to
purchase and pay for the Shares and Warrants to be purchased by it is subject
to the satisfaction (or waiver by such Purchaser) of the following conditions
precedent:

                (a)  The representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same
force and effect as though made on and as of the Closing Date. The Company
shall have performed all obligations and conditions herein required to be
performed or complied with by the Company on or prior to the Closing Date.

                                     -17-
<PAGE>

                (b)  There shall have been no event or events which has occurred
since the date hereof that taken individually or in the aggregate would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                (c)  No proceeding challenging this Agreement or the Transaction
Documents, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or seeking to
prohibit, alter, prevent or materially delay the Closing, shall have been
instituted before any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority or official
or shall be pending against or involving the Company or any Subsidiary.

                (d)  The sale of the Shares and the issuance of the Warrants and
Warrant Shares to the Purchasers shall not be prohibited by any law, rule,
governmental order or regulation. All necessary consents, approvals, licenses,
permits, orders and authorizations of, or registrations, declarations and
filings with, any Governmental Authority or of or with any other Person with
respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been duly
obtained or made and shall be in full force and effect.

                (e)  The Purchasers shall have received from Skadden, Arps,
Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, special counsel to the Company, an opinion addressed
to such Purchaser, dated the Closing Date and substantially in the form of
Exhibit C hereto.

                (f)  Placement Agent, shall have received a letter from KPMG LLP
independent certified public accountants for the Company, dated the Closing
Date, addressed to Placement Agent, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Placement Agent.

                (g)  The Registration Rights Agreement shall have been executed
and delivered to the Purchasers by the Company.

                (h)  The Company shall have delivered to the Purchasers a
certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto dated the Closing
Date and signed by the secretary or another officer of the Company, certifying
(i) that the copies of the Certificate of Incorporation, the By-Laws and
resolutions of the Board approving this Agreement, the Transaction Documents
and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby attached thereto, are all
true, complete and correct and remain in full force and effect as of such date,
and (ii) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer of the
Company executing this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and any other
document delivered in connection herewith on behalf of the Company.

                (i)  The Company shall have delivered to the Purchasers a
certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto dated the Closing
Date and signed by the Company's senior vice president, certifying that (i) the
representations and warranties of the Company contained herein are true and
correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as though
made on and as of the Closing Date and (ii) the Company has performed all
obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or complied with by
the Company on or prior to the Closing Date.

                (j)  Such Purchaser shall have received from the Company an
original stock certificate evidencing the purchase of the Shares and an
original Warrant, in each case for the number of shares of Common Stock and the
number of Warrant Shares, respectively, set forth opposite such Purchaser's
name on Schedule I hereto, and bearing the legends required to be imprinted
thereon pursuant to Section 6.2(a) hereof.

                (k)  The Company shall have delivered to the Purchasers a
certificate of good standing for the Company from the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware and a certificate of qualification for the Company to do

                                     -18-
<PAGE>

business issued by the Secretary of State of the State of New York, in each
case dated within one week of the Closing.

                (l)  The Purchasers shall have received a copy of the duly
executed Transfer Agent Instruction Letter in the form of Exhibit F hereto.

                (m)  All instruments and corporate proceedings of the Company in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Transaction Documents shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
such Purchaser, and such Purchaser shall have received copies (executed or
certified, as may be appropriate) of all documents which any Purchaser may have
reasonably requested in connection with such transactions.

          5.2   Conditions to the Obligation of the Company to Consummate the
Closing. The obligation of the Company to consummate the Closing and to issue
and sell the Shares and Warrants to each Purchaser at the Closing is subject to
the satisfaction (or waiver by the Company) of the following conditions
precedent:

                (a)  The representations and warranties of such Purchaser
contained herein shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with
the same force and effect as though made on and as of the Closing Date.

                (b)  The Registration Rights Agreement shall have been executed
and delivered to the Company by such Purchaser.

                (c)  Such Purchaser shall have performed all obligations and
conditions herein required to be performed or complied with by such Purchaser
on or prior to the Closing Date, including but not limited to tendering its
respective portion of the Aggregate Purchase Price.

                (d)  No proceeding challenging this Agreement or the Transaction
Documents, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or seeking to
prohibit, alter, prevent or materially delay the Closing, shall have been
instituted before any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority or official
or shall be pending against or involving such Purchaser.

                (e)  The sale of the Shares and the issuance of the Warrants and
the Warrant Shares by the Company shall not be prohibited by any law, rule,
governmental order or regulation. All necessary consents, approvals, licenses,
permits, orders and authorizations of, or registrations, declarations and
filings with, any Governmental Authority or of or with any other Person with
respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been duly
obtained or made and shall be in full force and effect.

                (f)  Such Purchaser shall have delivered to the Company each of
a Form W-9 or Form W-8, as applicable, and a completed Investor Questionnaire
in the form of Exhibit B hereto.

                (g)  Placement Agent shall have delivered to the Company a
customary private placement agent's letter ("Placement Agent's Letter") in the
form of Exhibit H hereto.

     6    Certain Covenants and Agreements.
          --------------------------------

          6.1   Transfer of Securities. Each Purchaser agrees severally (as to
itself only) and not jointly that it shall not sell, assign, pledge, transfer
or otherwise dispose of or encumber any of the Shares, the Warrants or any
Warrant Shares, except: (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act; (ii) to an Affiliate of such Purchaser (so long as

                                     -19-
<PAGE>

such Affiliate is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2),
(3) or (7) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and was not
organized for the purpose of acquiring any of the Shares or the Warrants or is
an individual with net worth in excess of $100 million, and agrees in a written
instrument in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company to be
bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the Registration Rights
Agreement to the fullest extent as such Purchaser) or, for no consideration, to
a limited number of partners or members in a pro rata distribution in
accordance with such Purchaser's existing governance documents (so long as such
distribution is not presently contemplated and such partner or member agrees in
a written instrument in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Company to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the
Registration Rights Agreement to the fullest extent as such Purchaser); or
(iii) pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities
Act (including sales permitted pursuant to Rule 144) and applicable state
securities laws, so long as the transferee (other than in sales permitted
pursuant to Rule 144) agrees in a written instrument in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Company to be bound by the terms and provisions
of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement to the fullest extent
as such Purchaser). If the Company requests an opinion of counsel for such
transferor that the proposed transfer may be effected without registration of
such Shares, the Warrants or any Warrant Shares under the Securities Act
(including sales permitted pursuant to Rule 144), such transferor shall not be
entitled to effect such transfer unless and until the Company receives such an
opinion of counsel (which counsel and opinion shall each be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company). Any transfer or purported transfer of the Shares
in violation of this Section 6.1 or Section 6.2 shall be void. The Company
shall not register any transfer of the Shares in violation of this Section 6.1
or Section 6.2. The Company may, and may instruct any transfer agent for the
Company, to place such stop transfer orders as may be required on the transfer
books of the Company in order to ensure compliance with the provisions of this
Section 6.1 and Section 6.2.

          6.2   Legends.
                -------

                (a)  Each certificate or other document evidencing the Shares,
the Warrants and any Warrant Shares shall be endorsed with the legend
substantially as set forth below, and each Purchaser covenants that, except to
the extent such restrictions are waived by the Company, it shall not transfer
the shares represented by any such certificate without complying with the
restrictions on transfer described in this Agreement and the legends endorsed
on such certificate:

     "THE SHARES [WARRANT, WARRANT SHARES] REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE
NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT
BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
SAID ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT
SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION UNDER SAID ACT. IN ADDITION, THE TRANSFER HEREOF IS
SUBJECT TO VARIOUS CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN A SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
DATED DECEMBER 23, 2004. A COPY OF SUCH CONDITIONS WILL BE PROVIDED TO THE
HOLDER UPON REQUEST."

                (b)  The legend set forth in Section 6.2(a) shall be removed
from the certificates evidencing the Shares, Warrants and any Warrant Shares,
(i) following any sale of such Shares, Warrants or Warrant Shares pursuant to
Rule 144 or any effective registration statement, or (ii) if such Shares,
Warrants or Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144(k) (and the
holder of such Shares, Warrants or Warrant Shares has submitted a written
request for removal of the legend, along with a legal opinion, if reasonably
requested by the Company, to the effect that the holder has complied with the
applicable provisions of Rule 144), or (iii) if such legend is not required
under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial
interpretations and pronouncements issued by the Staff of the SEC) (and the

                                     -20-
<PAGE>

holder of such Shares, Warrants, or Warrant Shares has submitted a written
request for removal of the legend, along with a legal opinion, if reasonably
requested by the Company, to the effect that the holder has complied with such
judicial interpretation or pronouncement). Subject to receipt of appropriate
certifications and opinions, the Company shall cause its transfer agent
promptly upon the occurrence of any of the events in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii)
above to effect the removal of the legend on certificates evidencing the Shares
or any Warrant Shares and shall also cause its counsel (including its general
counsel) to issue a "blanket" legal opinion to the Company's transfer agent
promptly after the effective date of any registration statement covering the
resale of the Shares or any Warrant Shares (provided that there is an effective
registration statement covering the resale of the Shares or any Warrant Shares,
as the case may be), if required by the Company's transfer agent, to allow
sales without restriction pursuant to an effective registration statement. The
Company agrees that at such time as such legend is no longer required under
this Section 6.2(b), it will, no later than three (3) business days following
the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Company's transfer agent of a
certificate representing the Shares, Warrants or any Warrant Shares issued with
a restrictive legend, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a
certificate representing such Shares, Warrants or Warrant Shares that is free
from all restrictive and other legends; provided that in the case of removal of
the legend for reasons set forth in clause (ii) above, the holder of such
Shares, Warrants or Warrant Shares has submitted a written request for removal
of the legend indicating that the holder has complied with the applicable
provisions of Rule 144. The Company may not make any notation on its records or
give instructions to any transfer agent of the Company that enlarge the
restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 6.

          6.3   Publicity. Except to the extent required by applicable laws,
rules, regulations or stock exchange requirements, the Company shall not,
without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, disclose or publish the
name of such Purchaser in any press release or public announcement. Except to
the extent required by applicable laws, rules, regulations or stock exchange
requirements, the Purchasers and their Affiliates shall not, without the
written consent of the Company make any public announcement or issue any press
release with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The
parties agree that the Company shall issue a press release in the form of
Exhibit I hereto promptly following (and in no event more than one business day
after) the Closing and, on or before 9:30 a.m., New York time, on the first
trading day following the Closing Date, the Company shall file a Current Report
on Form 8-K describing the terms of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the Transaction Documents in the form required by the Exchange
Act, and attaching the material transaction documents (including, without
limitation, this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement) as exhibits
to such filing (including all attachments, the "8-K Filing"). The Company
represents and warrants that, as of the filing of the 8-K Filing with the SEC,
no Purchaser will be in possession of any material, nonpublic information
received from the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
officers, directors or employees, that is not disclosed in the 8-K Filing.
Notwithstanding the Company's offer to disclose and discuss material non-public
information with each Purchaser upon such Purchaser's entering into a mutually
satisfactory confidentiality agreement, at each Purchaser's request, the
Company shall not, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and its and each of
their respective officers, directors or employees not to, provide any Purchaser
with any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries from and after the filing of the 8-K Filing with the SEC without
the express written consent of such Purchaser; except that (x) the Company
shall not be responsible for any information obtained by any Purchaser or any
Investor (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) as a result of such
Purchaser's exercise of its inspection rights under the Registration Rights
Agreement, or (y) the Company shall be permitted to give any Purchaser notice
of a Suspension Period (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) and
the other related certifications in accordance with the Registration Rights
Agreement without such prior written consent.

          6.4   Use of Proceeds. The Company covenants and agrees, and the
Purchaser acknowledges, that the proceeds from the sale of the Shares and
Warrants shall be used by the Company for any lawful corporate purpose.

          6.5   Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or
solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as
defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the
offer or sale of the Shares or Warrants in a manner that would require the
registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Shares or the issuance
of the Warrants or any Warrant Shares to the Purchasers.

          6.6   Listing of Shares. The Company agrees that at any time, if and
when its shares of Common Stock are listed on NASDAQ or any other securities
exchange, that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly list and
qualify the Shares and any Warrant Shares for trading on NASDAQ or such other
securities exchange.

          6.7   Actions with respect to Securities Laws Exemptions. Neither the
Company nor anyone acting on its behalf shall take any action that would cause
the loss of any Securities Laws Exemptions.

          6.8   Restrictions on Certain Stock Issuances or Registrations. The
Company agrees that prior to the effectiveness of the Mandatory Registration
Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), the Company shall
not (i) issue any shares of Common Stock, or securities convertible into or
exercisable for shares of Common Stock or agree to do so, in an offering
registered under the Securities Act prior to the effectiveness of the Mandatory
Registration Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), or
(ii) grant any registration rights after the date hereof to any other Person
that would entitle such Person to have the sale of securities held by such
Person registered under the Securities Act by the Company under a registration
statement that is declared effective prior to the effectiveness of the
Mandatory Registration Statement, provided, that this Section 6.8 shall not be
deemed to restrict the ability of the Company to (a) issue shares of Common
Stock upon the exercise or conversion of any options, warrants, convertible
debt instruments or other contingent securities outstanding on the date hereof,
(b) issue shares, options or warrants in connection with the agreement to
acquire a 50% interest in HNS or to employees, directors or consultants of the
Company or (c) perform its obligations in connection with the agreement to
acquire a 50% interest in HNS.

     7    Indemnification.
          ---------------

          7.1   By the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify, defend and hold
harmless each Purchaser and its Affiliates and their respective officers,
directors, agents, employees, subsidiaries, partners, members, investment
advisers and controlling persons (collectively, the "Purchaser Indemnitees") to
the fullest extent permitted by law from and against any and all claims,
losses, liabilities, damages, deficiencies, judgments, assessments, fines,
settlements, costs or expenses (including interest, penalties and reasonable
fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel) (collectively, "Losses")
based upon, arising out of or otherwise in respect of any breach by the Company
of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Company contained
in this Agreement; provided that nothing contained herein shall contradict,
modify or limit Section 4A.

          7.2   By each Purchaser. Each Purchaser severally (as to such
Purchaser only) and not jointly, agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless
the Company and its Affiliates and their respective officers, directors,
agents, employees, subsidiaries, partners, members, investment advisers and
controlling persons (collectively, the "Company Indemnitees") to the fullest
extent permitted by law from and against any and all Losses based upon, arising
out of or otherwise in respect of any breach by such Purchaser of any

                                     -21-
<PAGE>

representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of such Purchaser contained in
this Agreement.

          7.3   Applicability. Notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this
Section 7, the indemnification and contribution provisions of the Registration
Rights Agreement shall govern any claim made with respect to registration
statements filed pursuant thereto or sales made thereunder.

     8    Miscellaneous Provisions.
          ------------------------

          8.1   Rights Cumulative. Each and all of the various rights, powers
and remedies of the parties shall be considered to be cumulative with and in
addition to any other rights, powers and remedies which such parties may have
at law or in equity in the event of the breach of any of the terms of this
Agreement. The exercise or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy shall
neither constitute the exclusive election thereof nor the waiver of any other
right, power or remedy available to such party.

          8.2   Pronouns. All pronouns or any variation thereof shall be deemed
to refer to the masculine, feminine or neuter, singular or plural, as the
identity of the person, persons, entity or entities may require.

          8.3   Notices.
                -------

                (a)  Any notices, reports or other correspondence (hereinafter
collectively referred to as "correspondence") required or permitted to be given
hereunder shall be sent by postage prepaid first class mail (sent certified or
registered), overnight courier or facsimile transmission, or delivered by hand
to the party to whom such correspondence is required or permitted to be given
hereunder. The date of giving any notice shall be the date of its actual
receipt.

                (b)  All correspondence to the Company shall be addressed as
follows:

                     SkyTerra Communications, Inc.
                     19 West 44th Street, Suite 507
                     New York, New York 10036
                     Facsimile No.: 212-730-7523
                     Attn: Chief Executive Officer

                     with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

                     SkyTerra Communications, Inc.
                     19 West 44th Street, Suite 507
                     New York, New York 10036
                     Facsimile No.:  212-730-7523
                     Attn:  General Counsel

                     Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
                     Four Times Square
                     New York, New York  10036
                     Facsimile No.:  917-777-2918
                     Attn: Gregory Fernicola

                (c)  All correspondence to the Purchasers shall be addressed
pursuant to the contact information set forth on Schedule I attached hereto.

                                     -22-
<PAGE>

                (d)  Any party may change the address to which correspondence to
it is to be addressed by notification as provided for herein.

          8.4   Captions. The captions and paragraph headings of this Agreement
are solely for the convenience of reference and shall not affect its
interpretation.

          8.5   Severability. Should any part or provision of this Agreement be
held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or regulations of
any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be
replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the
original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable
manner, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the
parties hereto.

          8.6   Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Waiver of Jury
Trial. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
internal and substantive laws of the State of New York without regard to any
conflicts of laws concepts which would apply the substantive law of some other
jurisdiction. Any suit, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision
of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement
may only be brought in any federal or state court located in the County and
State of New York, and each party hereby consents to the exclusive jurisdiction
of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such
suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the
laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court or
that any such suit, action or proceeding which is brought in any such court has
been brought in an inconvenient forum. THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES
ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT.

          8.7   Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this
Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall
be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such
term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or
condition of this Agreement.

          8.8   Assignment. The rights and obligations of any party hereto shall
inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the authorized successors and
permitted assigns of such party. The Company may not assign this Agreement or
any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each
Purchaser. Each Purchaser may assign or transfer any or all of its rights under
this Agreement to any Person, provided, that such assignee or transferee
complies with and agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Shares and Warrant Shares, by Sections 6.1 and 6.2 hereof,
whereupon such assignee or transferee shall be deemed to be a "Purchaser" for
all purposes of this Agreement.

          8.9   Survival. The respective representations and warranties given by
the parties hereto shall survive the Closing Date and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated herein and shall expire twenty-four (24) months after
the Closing Date. Accordingly, no claim relating to any representation or
warranty given by the parties hereto may be made following such expiration. If
a claim relating to any representation or warranty given by the parties hereto
is made to the indemnifying party on or prior to the expiration thereof, then,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 8.9, such
representation or warranty shall not so expire, but rather shall remain in full
force and effect until such time as such claim which is has been fully and
finally resolved, either by means of a written settlement agreement executed on
behalf of the parties or by means of a final, non-appealable judgment issued by
a court of competent jurisdiction. The respective covenants and agreements
agreed to by a party hereto shall survive the Closing Date and the consummation

                                     -23-
<PAGE>

of the transactions contemplated herein in accordance with their respective
terms and conditions.

          8.10  Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Transaction Documents
constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto respecting the
subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, negotiations,
understandings, representations and statements respecting the subject matter
hereof, whether written or oral, including but not limited to the various Term
Sheets dated December 2004 between the Company and the Purchasers. The Company
agrees that in the event it enters into any agreement or understanding with any
Purchaser pursuant to which the Company grants such Purchaser any rights or
other terms relating to the purchase, registration, holding or disposition of
Shares, Warrant Shares or Warrants that are more favorable than those set forth
herein or in the Transaction Documents, the Company shall also grant each other
Purchaser such more favorable rights or other terms.

          8.11  Amendments. Any amendment, supplement or modification of or to
any provision of this Agreement and any waiver of any provisions of this
Agreement shall be effective only if made or given in writing and signed by the
Company and the Majority Purchasers, provided, that any amendment, supplement,
modification or waiver that is materially and disproportionately adverse to any
Purchaser(s), when compared to all other Purchasers similarly situated, shall
require the consent of such Purchaser(s).

          8.12  No Third Party Rights. This Agreement is intended solely for the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not intended to confer any benefits upon, or create any rights
in favor of, any Person (including, without limitation, any stockholder or debt
holder of the Company) other than the parties hereto, provided, that each of
the Purchaser Indemnitees that are not Purchasers and the Company Indemnitees
are entitled to all rights and benefits as third party beneficiaries of Section
7 of this Agreement; provided, further, that Placement Agent is intended to be
a beneficiary of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.3
and the representations, warranties and acknowledgements set forth in Section
4A of this Agreement.

          8.13  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same document. The parties hereto confirm
that any facsimile copy of another party's executed counterpart of this
Agreement (or its signature page thereof) will be deemed to be an executed
original thereof.

          8.14  Exculpation Among Purchasers. Each Purchaser agrees that no
other Purchaser nor the respective controlling persons, officers, directors,
partners, agents or employees of any other Purchaser, nor Placement Agent,
shall be liable to such Purchaser for any losses incurred by such Purchaser in
connection with its investment in the Company.

          8.15  Expenses. At the Closing, the Company shall reimburse the
Purchasers for all fees and expenses incurred by them in connection with the
negotiation of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents up to a maximum
aggregate amount of $70,000, provided that the Company shall not be required to
pay any legal expenses of the Purchasers other than the fees and disbursements
of Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP, counsel to certain of the Purchasers. The
Company shall also pay all stamp and other taxes and duties levied in
connection with the issuance of the Shares and the Warrants and, upon exercise
thereof, the Warrant Shares.

                           [Signature pages follow.]

                                     -24-
<PAGE>

     Each of the parties hereto has caused a counterpart of this Agreement to be
duly executed and delivered as of the date first written above.


THE COMPANY:

                                            SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.


                                            By:  /s/ Robert C. Lewis
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Robert C. Lewis
                                               Title: Senior Vice President

<PAGE>

THE PURCHASERS:

                                            Entities:
                                            --------

                                            LC CAPITAL MASTER FUND, LTD


                                            By:  /s/ Richard F. Conway
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Richard F. Conway
                                               Title: Director


                                            YORK CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.


                                            By:  /s/ Adam J Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J Semler
                                               Title: CFO


                                            YORK INVESTMENT LIMITED


                                            By:  /s/ Adam J Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J Semler
                                               Title: CFO of its investment
                                                      manager


                                            YORK CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P.


                                            By:  /s/ Adam J Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J Semler
                                               Title: CFO


                                            YORK SELECT, L.P.


                                             By:  /s/ Adam J Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J Semler
                                               Title: CFO


                                            YORK SELECT UNIT TRUST


                                            By:  /s/ Adam J Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J Semler
                                               Title: CFO of its investment
                                                      manager

<PAGE>

                                            YORK GLOBAL VALUE PARTNERS, L.P.


                                            By:  /s/ Adam J Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J Semler
                                               Title: CFO


                                            YORK/GREEN CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P.


                                            By:  /s/ Adam J Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J Semler
                                               Title: CFO


                                            THE TUDOR BVI GLOBAL PORTFOLIO LTD.


                                            By:  /s/ William T. Flaherty
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  William T. Flaherty
                                               Title: Managing Director


                                            TUDOR PROPRIETARY TRADING, L.L.C.


                                            By:  /s/ William T. Flaherty
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  William T. Flaherty
                                               Title: Managing Director


                                            WITCHES ROCK PORTFOLIO LTD.


                                            By:  /s/ William T. Flaherty
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  William T. Flaherty
                                               Title: Managing Director


                                            FLEET MARITIME, INC.

                                            By:  Oz Management, LLC, its
                                                 investment manager


                                            By:  /s/ Daniel S. Och
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Daniel S. Och
                                               Title: Senior Managing Member


                                            OZ MASTER FUND, LTD.

                                            By:  Oz Management, LLC, its
                                                 investment manager


                                            By:   /s/ Daniel S. Och
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Daniel S. Och
                                               Title: Senior Managing Member

<PAGE>

                                            HARBERT DISTRESSED INVESTMENT MASTER
                                            FUND, LTD.

                                            By:  Harbert Distressed Investment
                                                 Offshore Manager, LLC


                                            By:  /s/ Philip A. Falcone
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Philip A. Falcone
                                               Title: Vice President


                                            GREYWOLF CAPITAL OVERSEAS FUND


                                            By:  /s/ William Troy
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  William Troy
                                               Title: Chief Operating Officer


                                            GREYWOLF CAPITAL PARTNERS II LP


                                            By:  /s/ William Troy
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  William Troy
                                               Title: Chief Operating Officer


                                            MILLENNIUM PARTNERS, L.P.

                                            By:  Millenium Management, L.L.C.


                                            By:  /s/ Terry Feeney
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Terry Feeney
                                               Title: Chief Operating Officer


                                            SECOND GARY & KAREN SINGER
                                            CHILDREN'S TRUST


                                            By:  /s/ Steven Singer
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Steven Singer
                                               Title: Trustee


                                            ORE HILL HUB FUND LTD.

                                            By: Ore Hill Partners, LLC, its
                                                investment advisor


                                                By:  /s/ Frederick J. Wahl
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                   Name:  Fredrick J. Wahl
                                                   Title: Managing Member


                                            XERION PARTNERS I LLC


                                            By:  /s/ Michael J. Berner
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Michael J. Berner
                                               Title: Vice President
                                                      Paloma GP LLC
                                                      Manager

<PAGE>

                                            ALPHA US SUB FUND VI, LLC

                                            By:  The Harbinger Group, Inc.*


                                            By:  /s/ Joel B. Pinnsick
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Joel B. Pinnsick
                                               Title: Vice President

                                            * Pursuant to the Investment
                                              Advisory Agreement dated
                                              April 29, 2003

                                            Individuals:
                                            -----------

                                            GEORGE W. HAYWOOD

                                            /s/ George W. Haywood
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Signature:  George W. Haywood
                                                        for IRA
<PAGE>

LIST OF EXHIBITS
- ----------------

  Exhibit A:      Form of Warrant
  Exhibit B:      Form of Investor Questionnaire
  Exhibit C:      Form of Legal Opinion of Skadden, Arps, Slate,
                    Meagher & Flom LLP
  Exhibit D:      Form of Secretary's Certificate
  Exhibit E:      Form of Officer's Certificate
  Exhibit F:      Form of Transfer Agent Instructions
  Exhibit G:      Wire transfer instructions for the Company
  Exhibit H:      Form of Placement Agent's Letter
  Exhibit I:      Form of Company Press Release

<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE I
                               LIST OF PURCHASERS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


Investor                                                      Number of Shares       Number of Warrant Shares
- --------                                                      ----------------       ------------------------
<S>                                                               <C>                               <C>
LC Capital Master Fund, Ltd                                       120,000                           36,000
C/o Lampe, Conway & Co LLC
680 Fifth Avanue
Suite 1202
New York, NY 10019

Tax ID: 98-0374362

York Capital Management, L.P.                                      34,800                           10,440
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022

Tax ID: 13-3625276

York Investment Limited                                           131,100                           39,330
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022

Tax ID: Not available

York Select, L.P.                                                  32,100                            9,630
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022

Tax ID: 13-3865803

York Credit Opportunities Fund, L.P.                               49,400                           14,820
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022

Tax ID: 13-4153848

York Select Unit Trust                                             27,400                            8,220
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022

Tax ID:N/A

York Global Value Partners, L.P.                                   36,500                           10,950
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022

Tax ID: 73-1648528

York/Green Capital Partners, L.P.                                   8,700                            2,610
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022

Tax ID:20-1540741

George W. Haywood                                                  80,000                           24,000
81 Meredith Avenue
Sag Harbor, NY 11963

Tax ID: Not available

The Tudor BVI Global Portfolio Ltd.                                41,422                           12,427
C/o Tudor Investments Corporation
50 Rowes Wharf
6th Floor
Boston, MA 02110

Tax ID: 98-0223576

Tudor Proprietary Trading, L.L.C.                                  22,304                            6,691
50 Rowes Wharf
6th Floor
Boston, MA 02110

Tax ID: 13-3720063

Witches Rock Portfolio Ltd.                                       256,274                           76,882
C/o Tudor Investments Corporation
50 Rowes Wharf
6th Floor
Boston, MA 02110

Tax ID: 98-0439973

Fleet Maritime, Inc.                                                7,296                            2,189
C/o OZ Management, L.L.C.
9 West 57th Street
39th Floor
New York, NY 10019

Tax ID: Not available

OZ Master Fund, Ltd.                                              312,704                           93,811
C/o OZ Management, L.L.C.
9 West 57th Street
39th Floor
New York, NY 10019

Tax ID: Not available

Harbert Distressed Investment Master Fund, Ltd.                   312,800                           93,840
C/o 555 Madison Avenue
16th Floor
New York, NY 10022

Tax ID: 98-0385493

Greywolf Capital Overseas Fund                                     96,000                           28,800
411 West Putnam Avenue
Greenwich, CT 06830

Tax ID: Not available

Greywolf Capital Partners II LP                                    24,000                            7,200
411 West Putnam Avenue
Greenwich, CT 06830

Tax ID: Not available

Millennium Partners, L.P.                                         120,000                           36,000
666 Fifth Avenue
8th Floor
New York, NT, 10103

Tax ID: 13-3521699

Second Gary & Karen Singer Children's Trust                        80,000                           24,000
C/o Romulus Holdings, Inc.
560 Sylvan Avenue
Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632

Tax ID: 22-6584615

Ore Hill Hub Fund Ltd.                                            120,000                           36,000
444 Madison Avenue
Suite 1200
New York, NY 10022

Tax ID: Not available

Xerion Partners I LLC                                              80,000                           24,000
C/o Jorge Sanchez
2 American Lane
Greenwich, CT 06836-2571

Tax ID: 32-0055067

Alpha US Sub Fund VI, LLC                                           7,200                            2,160
555 Madison Avenue
16th Floor
New York, NY 10022

Tax ID: 13-412 9745

</TABLE>





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>nyc514145.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXH. 10.2 - REG. RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                               Exhibit 10.2

                                                               Execution Version


                         SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
                         REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT


     This REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT") is made as of
December 23, 2004 by and among SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the "COMPANY"), and each investor listed on Schedule 1 hereto
(each such investor, individually, an "INVESTOR" and, collectively, the
"INVESTORS").

     WHEREAS, the Company has agreed to issue and sell to the Investors (other
than Tejas Securities Group, Inc. ("Tejas"), and the Investors (other than
Tejas) have agreed to purchase from the Company, an aggregate of 2,000,000
shares (the "SHARES") of the Company's voting common stock, par value $0.01 per
share (the "COMMON STOCK"), at a per share price and upon the terms and
conditions set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date
hereof, between the Company and the Investors (other than Tejas) (the
"SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT"); and

     WHEREAS, the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement provide that it
shall be a condition precedent to the closing of the transactions thereunder,
for the Company and the Investors to execute and deliver this Agreement.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants
contained herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

     1.   DEFINITIONS. The following terms shall have the meanings provided
therefor below or elsewhere in this Agreement as described below:

     "AFFILIATE" means any Person that, directly or indirectly, through one or
more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, a Person, as such terms are used and construed under Rule 144, and in all
cases including, without limitation, any Person that serves as a general
partner and/or investment adviser or in a similar capacity of a Person.

     "BOARD" means the board of directors of the Company or any duly authorized
committee thereof.

     "BUSINESS DAY" means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which
shall be a federal legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in the
State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental
action to close.

     "CLOSING DATE" has the meaning set forth in the Securities Purchase
Agreement.

     "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

     "PERSON" (whether or not capitalized) means an individual, partnership,
limited liability company, corporation, association, trust, joint venture,
unincorporated organization, and any government, governmental department or
agency or political subdivision thereof.

     "PROSPECTUS" means the prospectus included in any Registration Statement
(including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information
previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective Registration
Statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act), as
amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms
of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Shares covered by such
Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the

<PAGE>

Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated
by reference in such Prospectus.

     "REGISTRABLE SHARES" means, at the relevant time of reference thereto, the
Shares and the Warrant Shares (including any shares of capital stock that may
be issued in respect thereof pursuant to a stock split, stock dividend,
recombination, reclassification or the like), PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the term
"Registrable Shares" shall not include any of the Shares or Warrant Shares that
are actually sold pursuant to a registration statement that has been declared
effective under the Securities Act by the SEC or that may be sold pursuant to
Rule 144(k) under the Securities Act.

     "REGISTRATION STATEMENT" means the Mandatory Registration Statement and
any additional registration statements contemplated by Section 2A of this
Agreement, including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements
to such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective
amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference in
such registration statement or Prospectus.

     "RULE 144" means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and any
successor or substitute rule, law or provision.

     "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

     "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all of
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

     "WARRANT SHARES" means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon
the exercise of the Warrants.

     "WARRANTS" means the warrants to purchase Common Stock, dated as of the
date hereof, issued by the Company to the Investors (other than Tejas) pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement, a form of which is attached hereto as
Exhibit A and, in the case of Tejas, the warrant to purchase 110,000 shares of
Common Stock, dated as of the date hereof, issued by the Company to Tejas
pursuant to the Placement Agent Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2004, by
and between the Company and Tejas.

     2.   MANDATORY REGISTRATION STATEMENT.

          (a)   As promptly as possible after the Closing Date, and in any event
on or prior to May 12, 2005 (the "MANDATORY FILING DATE"), the Company shall
prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-1 or, if
eligible, on Form S-3 for the purpose of registering under the Securities Act
all of the Registrable Shares for resale by, and for the account of, each
Investor as an initial selling stockholder thereunder (the "MANDATORY
REGISTRATION STATEMENT"), which the Investors acknowledge may also register
300,000 shares (including any shares of capital stock that may be issued in
respect thereof pursuant to a stock split, stock dividend, recombination,
reclassification or the like) of Common Stock to be issued to DirecTV Group
pursuant to the Company's agreement to acquire a 50% interest in Hughes Network
Systems, LLC. The Mandatory Registration Statement shall conform in form and
substance to all applicable instructions for the relevant registration form and
with all applicable SEC regulations. The Mandatory Registration Statement shall
permit the Investors to offer and sell, on a delayed or continuous basis
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, any or all of their Registrable
Shares. The Company agrees to use its best efforts to cause the Mandatory
Registration Statement to be declared effective as soon as practicable after
the date of such filing but in any event on or prior to June 30, 2005 (the
"MANDATORY EFFECTIVE DATE") (including filing with the SEC, within three (3)
Business Days of the date that the Company is notified (orally or in writing,
whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the Mandatory Registration Statement will

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

not be "reviewed" or will not be subject to further review, a request for
acceleration of effectiveness in accordance with Rule 461 promulgated under the
Securities Act (an "ACCELERATION REQUEST"), which request shall request an
effective date that is within three (3) Business Days of the date of such
request). The Company shall notify each Investor in writing promptly (and in
any event within one (1) Business Day) after the Company's submission of an
Acceleration Request to the SEC. The Company shall be required to keep the
Mandatory Registration Statement continuously effective (including through the
filing of any required post-effective amendments) until the earliest to occur
of (i) the date after which all of the Registrable Shares registered thereunder
shall have been sold, (ii) the third (3rd) anniversary of the Closing Date and
(iii) the date on which each Investor may sell all Registrable Shares then held
by such Investor without restriction under Rule 144(k) of the Securities Act;
provided, that in any case such date shall be extended by the amount of time of
any Suspension Period (as defined below) (the "EFFECTIVENESS PERIOD").
Thereafter, the Company shall be entitled to withdraw the Mandatory
Registration Statement and, upon such withdrawal, the Investors shall have no
further right to offer or sell any of the Registrable Shares pursuant to the
Mandatory Registration Statement (or any prospectus relating thereto).

          (b)   Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2 to the contrary, if
the Company shall during the Effectiveness Period furnish to the Investors a
certificate signed by the President or Chief Executive Officer of the Company
stating that the Board has made the good faith determination upon the advice of
counsel (x)(i) that the continued use by the Investors of the Mandatory
Registration Statement for purposes of effecting offers or sales of Registrable
Shares pursuant hereto would require, under the Securities Act, premature
disclosure in the Mandatory Registration Statement (or the Prospectus relating
thereto) of material, nonpublic information concerning the Company, its
business or prospects or any proposed material transaction involving the
Company and (ii) that such premature disclosure would be materially adverse to
the Company, its business or prospects or any such proposed material
transaction, (y) that the Company is required to prepare audited financial
statements as of a date other than its fiscal year end or is otherwise unable
to comply with applicable SEC disclosure requirements as a result of an
extraordinary corporate transaction (such as a requirement to provide pro forma
financials giving effect to such transaction or historical financials of
another constituent entity in such transaction), or (z) if the Registration
Statement has been filed on Form S-1 and the same must be amended or
supplemented in order to comply with Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act,
then the right of the Investors to use the Mandatory Registration Statement
(and the Prospectus relating thereto) for purposes of effecting offers or sales
of Registrable Shares pursuant thereto or the filing of the Mandatory
Registration Statement shall be suspended for a period (the "SUSPENSION
PERIOD") not greater than thirty (30) consecutive Business Days and not more
than sixty (60) Business Days during any consecutive twelve (12) month period.
During the Suspension Period, the Investors shall not offer or sell any
Registrable Shares pursuant to or in reliance upon the Mandatory Registration
Statement (or the Prospectus relating thereto). The Company agrees that, as
promptly as possible, but in no event later than one (1) Business Day after the
consummation, abandonment, public disclosure or other appropriate resolution of
the event or transaction that caused the Company to suspend the use of or delay
the filing of the Mandatory Registration Statement (and the Prospectus relating
thereto) pursuant to this Section 2(b), the Company will as promptly as
possible lift any suspension, provide the Investors with revised Prospectuses,
if required, and will notify the Investors of their ability to effect offers or
sales of Registrable Shares pursuant to or in reliance upon the Mandatory
Registration Statement.

          (c)   It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the
Company to register Registrable Shares for the account of an Investor pursuant
to this Section 2 or Section 2A that such Investor furnish to the Company such
information regarding itself, the Registrable Shares held by it, and the method
of disposition of such securities as shall be reasonably required to effect the
registration of such Investor's Registrable Shares.

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

          (d)   Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the
Investors' sole remedy for the failure of the Company to file the Mandatory
Registration Statement as promptly as possible after the date hereof, and in
any event on or prior to the Mandatory Filing Date, for the failure of the
Company to make effective the Mandatory Registration Statement on or prior to
the Mandatory Effective Date or for the failure to maintain the effectiveness
of the Mandatory Registration Statement during the Effectiveness Period (other
than during any Suspension Period), after such Mandatory Registration Statement
initially becomes effective shall be the vesting of the Warrants as provided
for therein.

     2A   "PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION".

          (a)   If, during the Effectiveness Period the Mandatory Registration
Statement is not or ceases to be effective and continues to be not effective
and during such time the Company proposes to register any of its Common Stock
under the Securities Act, whether as a result of an offering for its own
account or the account of others (but excluding any registrations to be
effected on Forms S-4 or S-8 or other applicable successor Forms) on a
Registration Statement that is to become effective prior to the expiration of
such Effectiveness Period, the Company shall, each such time, give to the
Investors twenty (20) days' prior written notice of its intent to do so, and
such notice shall describe the proposed registration and shall offer such
Investors the opportunity to include in such Registration Statement such number
of Registrable Shares as each such Investor may request. Upon the written
request of any Investor given to the Company within fifteen (15) days after the
receipt of any such notice by the Company, the Company shall include in such
Registration Statement all or part of the Registrable Shares of such Investor,
to the extent requested to be registered, subject to Section 2A(b).

          (b)   If a registration pursuant to Section 2A hereof involves an
underwritten offering and the managing underwriter shall advise the Company in
writing that, in its opinion, the number of shares of Common Stock requested by
the Investors to be included in such registration is likely to materially and
adversely affect the success of the offering or the price that would be
received for any shares of Common Stock included in such offering, then,
notwithstanding anything in this Section 2A to the contrary, the Company shall
only be required to include in such registration, to the extent of the number
of shares of Common Stock which the Company is so advised can be sold in such
offering, (i) first, any shares of Common Stock proposed to be included in such
registration for the account of the Company, and (ii) second, the number of
shares of Common Stock requested to be included in such registration for the
account of any stockholders of the Company (including the Investors), pro rata
among such stockholders on the basis of the number of shares of Common Stock
(including Warrant Shares) that each of them has requested to be included in
such registration.

          (c)   In connection with any offering involving an underwriting of
shares, the Company shall not be required under this Section 2A or otherwise to
include the Registrable Shares of any Investor therein unless such Investor
accepts and agrees to the terms of the underwriting, which shall be reasonable
and customary, as agreed upon between the Company and the underwriters selected
by the Company (which underwriters shall be reasonably acceptable to holders of
a majority of the then outstanding Registrable Shares).

     3.   OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY. In connection with the Company's
registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall:

          (a)   as expeditiously as practicable (i) furnish to each Investor
copies of all documents to be filed with the SEC in connection with such
registration within a reasonable period prior to their being filed with the SEC
(and provide the Investors with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment
on such documents), (ii) use its best efforts to cause its officers and
directors, counsel and certified public accountants to respond to such

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of such Investor, to
conduct a reasonable investigation within the meaning of the Securities Act,
and (iii) notify the Investors of any stop order issued or threatened by the
SEC and use best efforts to prevent the entry of such stop order or to remove
it if entered. (b) as expeditiously as practicable (i) prepare and file with
the SEC such amendments and supplements, including post-effective amendments,
to each Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith
as may be necessary to comply with the Securities Act and to keep the
Registration Statement continuously effective as required herein, and prepare
and file with the SEC such additional Registration Statements as required by
this Agreement to register for resale under the Securities Act all of the
Registrable Shares (including naming any permitted transferees of Registrable
Shares as selling stockholders in such Registration Statement); (ii) cause any
related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus
supplement, and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to Rule 424
(including naming any permitted transferees of Registrable Shares as selling
stockholders in such Prospectus); (iii) respond as promptly as possible to any
comments received from the SEC with respect to each Registration Statement or
any amendment thereto, or any document filed with the SEC that would suspend
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, and, if requested by any
Investor, as promptly as reasonably possible provide such Investor with true
and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the SEC relating to the
Registration Statement (other than those portions of any correspondence
containing material nonpublic information on the basis that, notwithstanding
the Company's offer to disclose and discuss material non-public information
with each Investor upon such Investor's entering into a mutually satisfactory
confidentiality agreement, at each Investor's request, if so requested, the
Company shall not, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries and its and each of
their respective officers, directors and employees, not to, provide any
Purchaser with any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or any
of its subsidiaries); and (iv) comply with the provisions of the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Shares
covered by such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as
so supplemented.

          (c)   Notify the Investors and Investors' counsel as promptly as
reasonably possible:

                (i)    when the SEC notifies the Company whether there will be a
"review" of each Registration Statement and whenever the SEC comments in
writing on such Registration Statement; and

                (ii)   when a Registration Statement, or any post-effective
amendment or supplement thereto, has become effective, and after the
effectiveness thereof: (A) of any request by the SEC or any other federal or
state governmental authority for amendments or supplements to the Registration
Statement or Prospectus or for additional information; (B) of the issuance by
the SEC or any state securities commission of any stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the Registration Statement covering any or all of the
Registrable Shares or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; and
(C) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the
suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the
Registrable Shares for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or
threatening of any proceeding for such purpose. Without limitation of any
remedies to which the Investors may be entitled under this Agreement, if any of
the events described in Section 3(c)(ii)(A), 3(c)(ii)(B), and 3(c)(ii)(C)
occur, the Company shall use its best efforts to respond to and correct the
event.

          (d)   Immediately notify the Investors and their counsel of the
happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in or
relating to a Registration Statement contains an untrue statement of a material
fact or omits any fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading;
and, thereafter, the Company will as promptly as possible prepare (and, when
completed, promptly give written notice to each Investor) a supplement to such

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

Prospectus so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of such
Registrable Shares, such Prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any fact necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading; provided that upon receipt of such notification from
the Company, the Investors will not offer or sell Registrable Shares pursuant
to such Prospectus until the Company has notified the Investors that it has
prepared a supplement to such Prospectus and delivered copies of such
supplement to the Investors (it being understood and agreed by the Company that
the foregoing proviso shall in no way diminish or otherwise impair the
Company's obligation to as promptly as possible prepare a Prospectus supplement
as above provided in this Section 3(d) and deliver copies of same as provided
in Section 3(h) hereof), and it being further understood that, in the case of
the Mandatory Registration Statement, any such period during which the
Investors are restricted from offering or selling Registrable Shares shall
constitute a Suspension Period.

          (e)   Upon the occurrence of any event described in Section 3(d)
hereof, as promptly as possible, prepare a post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any
document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and
file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, neither the
Registration Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they are made, not misleading.

          (f)   Use its best efforts to avoid the issuance of or, if issued,
obtain the withdrawal of, (i) any order suspending the effectiveness of any
Registration Statement or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or
exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Shares for sale in any
jurisdiction, as promptly as possible (it being understood that, in the case of
the Mandatory Registration Statement, any period during which the effectiveness
of the Mandatory Registration Statement or the qualification of any Registrable
Shares is suspended shall constitute a Suspension Period).

          (g)   Furnish to the Investors and their counsel, without charge, at
least one conformed copy of each Registration Statement and each amendment
thereto, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Investor or their
counsel (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference) as
promptly as possible after the filing of such documents with the SEC.

          (h)   As promptly as possible furnish to each selling Investor,
without charge, such number of copies of a Prospectus, including a preliminary
Prospectus, in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, and such
other documents (including, without limitation, Prospectus amendments and
supplements) as each such selling Investor may reasonably request in order to
facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Shares covered by such Prospectus
and any amendment or supplement thereto. The Company hereby consents to the use
of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the
selling Investors in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable
Shares covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto to
the extent permitted by federal and state securities laws and regulations.

          (i)   Use its best efforts to register and qualify (or obtain an
exemption from such registration and qualification) the Registrable Shares
under such other securities or blue sky laws of the states of residence of each
Investor and such other U.S. jurisdictions as each Investor shall reasonably
request, to keep such registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom)
effective during the periods each Registration Statement is effective, and do
any and all other acts or things which may be reasonably necessary or advisable
to enable each Investor to consummate the public sale or other disposition of
Registrable Shares in such jurisdictions, provided that the Company shall not
be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to qualify to do
business, subject itself to taxation or to file a general consent to service of

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

process in any such states or jurisdictions where it is not then qualified or
subject to process.

          (j)   Cooperate with the Investors to facilitate the timely
preparation and delivery of certificates representing the Registrable Shares to
be delivered to a transferee pursuant to a Registration Statement, which
certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Securities Purchase
Agreement and applicable law, of all restrictive legends, and to enable such
Registrable Shares to be in such denominations and registered in such names as
such Investors may request.

          (k)   Cooperate with any reasonable due diligence investigation
undertaken by the Investors, any managing underwriter participating in any
disposition pursuant to a Registration Statement, Investors' counsel and any
attorney, accountant or other agent retained by Investors or any managing
underwriter, in connection with the sale of the Registrable Shares, including,
without limitation, making available any documents and information.
Notwithstanding the Company's offer to disclose and discuss material non-public
information with each Investor upon such Investor's entering into a mutually
satisfactory confidentiality agreement, at each Investor's request, if so
requested, the Company shall not, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries and
its and each of their respective officers, directors and employees, not to,
provide any Purchaser with any material nonpublic information regarding the
Company or any of its subsidiaries.

          (l)   At the request of an Investor to include any Affiliate of such
Investor as a selling stockholder, the Company shall amend any Registration
Statement to include such Affiliate as a selling stockholder in such
Registration Statement.

          (m)   Comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC in
all material respects.

          (n)   Make available for inspection by each Investor, any underwriter
participating in any disposition pursuant to any registration hereunder, and
any attorney, accountant or other agent retained by such Investor or any such
underwriter (collectively, the "INSPECTORS"), all financial and other records,
pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company and any of its
subsidiaries (collectively, the "RECORDS") as shall be reasonably necessary to
enable them to exercise their due diligence responsibility, and cause the
officers, directors and employees of the Company to supply all information
reasonably requested by any such Inspector in connection with any registration
hereunder, provided, however, that (i) in connection with any such inspection,
any such Inspectors shall cooperate to the extent reasonably practicable to
minimize any disruption to the operation by the Company of its business and
shall comply with all Company site safety rules, (ii) Records and information
obtained hereunder shall be used by such Inspectors only to exercise their due
diligence responsibility and (iii) Records or information furnished or made
available hereunder shall be kept confidential and shall not be disclosed by
such Investor or Inspectors unless (A) the disclosing party advises the other
party that the disclosure of such Records or information is necessary to avoid
or correct a misstatement or omission in a Registration Statement or is
otherwise required by law, (B) the release of such Records or information is
ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other order from a court or governmental
authority of competent jurisdiction, or (C) such Records or information
otherwise become generally available to the public other than through
disclosure by such Investor or Inspector in breach hereof or by any Person in
breach of any other confidentiality arrangement.

          (o)   Use all reasonable efforts to furnish to each Investor and to
the managing underwriter, if any, a signed counterpart, addressed to such
Investor and the managing underwriter, if any, of (i) an opinion or opinions of
counsel to the Company and (ii) a comfort letter or comfort letters from the
Company's independent public accountants pursuant to Statement on Auditing
Standards No. 72, each in customary form and covering such matters of the type

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

customarily covered by opinions or comfort letters, as the case may be, as each
such Investor and the managing underwriter, if any, reasonably requests.

          (p)   In connection with any registration hereunder, provide officers'
certificates and other customary closing documents.

          (q)   Cooperate with each seller of Registrable Shares, Investor and
any underwriter in the disposition of such Registrable Shares and cooperate
with underwriters' counsel, if any, in connection with any filings required to
be made with the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.

          (r)   With respect to an underwritten offering of Registrable Shares,
use its reasonable best efforts to cause all such Registrable Shares to be
listed on each securities exchange on which similar securities issued by the
Company are then listed.

     4.   EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION. The Company shall pay for all expenses
incurred in connection with a registration pursuant to this Agreement and
compliance with Section 3 of this Agreement, including without limitation (i)
all registration, filing and qualification fees and expenses (including without
limitation those related to filings with the SEC, The NASDAQ Stock Market, or
any national securities exchange upon which the Company's securities are listed
and in connection with applicable state securities or blue sky laws), (ii) all
printing expenses, (iii) all messenger, telephone and delivery expenses
incurred by the Company, (iv) all reasonable fees and disbursements of one (1)
counsel for the Investors, and (v) all reasonable fees and expenses of all
other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

     5.   DELAY OF REGISTRATION. Subject to Section 10(d) hereof, the Investors
and the Company (other than with respect to Sections 2(d) or 3(d) hereof) shall
not take any action to restrain, enjoin or otherwise delay any registration as
the result of any controversy which might arise with respect to the
interpretation or implementation of this Agreement.

     6.   INDEMNIFICATION. In the event that any Registrable Shares of the
Investors are included in a Registration Statement pursuant to this Agreement:

          (a)   To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will
indemnify and hold harmless each Investor and each officer, director,
fiduciary, employee, member, agent, investment advisor, (or other equity
holder), general partner and limited partner (and affiliates thereof) of such
Investor, each broker, underwriter or other person acting on behalf of such
Investor and each person, if any, who controls such Investor within the meaning
of the Securities Act, against any expenses, losses, claims, damages, actions
or liabilities, joint or several, (the "LOSSES") to which they may become
subject under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such Losses (or
actions in respect thereof) arise out of or relate to any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of any material fact contained in the Registration Statement,
or arise out of or relate to the omission or alleged omission to state therein
a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading, or any violation by the Company of the
Securities Act or state securities or blue sky laws applicable to the Company;
and, subject to the provisions of Section 6(c) hereof, the Company will
reimburse on demand such Investor, such broker or other person acting on behalf
of such Investor and such officer, director, fiduciary, agent, investment
advisor, employee, member (or other equity holder), general partner, limited
partner, affiliate or controlling person for any legal or other expenses
reasonably incurred by any of them in connection with investigating or
defending any such Loss; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement
contained in this Section 6(a) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of
any such Losses if such settlement is effected without the consent of the
Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), nor shall the

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

Company be liable in any such case for any such Loss to the extent that it
solely arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement of any material fact
contained in the Registration Statement or omission to state therein a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, in each case to the extent that such untrue statement or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the
Registration Statement, in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished by such Investor expressly for use in connection with
such Registration Statement.

          (b)   To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Investor, severally
(as to itself) and not jointly, will indemnify and hold harmless the Company,
each of its directors, each of its officers who have signed the Registration
Statement, each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of
the Securities Act, and all other Investors against any Losses to which the
Company or any such director, officer or controlling person or other Investor
may become subject to, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such
Losses (or actions in respect thereto) solely arise out of or are based upon
any untrue statement of any material fact contained in the Registration
Statement, or solely arise out of or relate to the omission to state therein a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, in each case to the extent that such untrue statement
or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the
Registration Statement in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished by such Investor expressly for use in connection with
such Registration Statement; and, subject to the provisions of Section 6(c)
hereof, such Investor will reimburse on demand any legal or other expenses
reasonably incurred by the Company or any such director, officer, controlling
person, or other Investor in connection with investigating or defending any
such Losses, provided, however, that the maximum aggregate amount of liability
of such Investor under this Section 6 shall be limited to the proceeds (net of
underwriting discounts and commissions, if any) actually received by such
Investor from the sale of Registrable Shares covered by such Registration
Statement; and provided, further, however, that the indemnity agreement
contained in this Section 6(b) or 6(e) shall not apply to amounts paid in
settlement of any such Losses if such settlement is effected without the
consent of such Investor against which the request for indemnity is being made
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld).

          (c)   As promptly as possible after receipt by an indemnified party
under this Section 6 of notice of the threat, assertion or commencement of any
action, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be
made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, notify the
indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof and the indemnifying
party shall have the right to participate in and, to the extent the
indemnifying party desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly
noticed, to assume at its expense the defense thereof with counsel mutually
satisfactory to the parties; provided, however, that, the failure to notify an
indemnifying party promptly of the threat, assertion or commencement of any
such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the
indemnified party under this Section 6 except (and only) to the extent that it
shall be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which
determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such failure
shall have proximately and materially adversely prejudiced the indemnifying
party.

          (d)   If any indemnified party shall have reasonably concluded that
there may be one or more legal defenses available to such indemnified party
which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying
party, or that such claim or litigation involves or could have an effect upon
matters beyond the scope of the indemnity agreement provided in this Section 6,
the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such
action on behalf of such indemnified party, and such indemnifying party shall
reimburse such indemnified party and any person controlling such indemnified
party for the fees and expenses of counsel retained by the indemnified party
which are reasonably related to the matters covered by the indemnity agreement
provided in this Section 6. Subject to the foregoing, an indemnified party

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and to
participate in the defense thereof but the fees and expenses of such counsel
shall not be at the expense of the Company. The indemnifying party shall not be
liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. No indemnifying
party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect
any settlement of any pending proceeding in respect of which any indemnified
party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of
such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter
of such proceeding

          (e)   If the indemnification provided for in this Section 6 from the
indemnifying party is applicable by its terms but unavailable to an indemnified
party hereunder in respect of any Losses, then the indemnifying party, in lieu
of indemnifying such indemnified party, shall, subject to the maximum aggregate
liability of any Investor as set forth in Section 6(b), contribute to the
amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such Losses in
such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the
indemnifying party and indemnified party in connection with the actions which
resulted in such Losses, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. The relative faults of such indemnifying party and indemnified
party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any
action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, has
been made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying party or
indemnified party, and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to
information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action. The amount paid
or payable by a party as a result of the Losses referred to above shall be
deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in Sections 6(a), 6(b),
6(c) and 6(d), any legal or other fees, charges or expenses reasonably incurred
by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. No Person
guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of
the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any Person who was
not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The parties hereto agree that
it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section
6(e) were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of
allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred
to in the immediately preceding paragraph.

          (f)   The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this
Section 6 are in addition to any liability that any indemnifying party may have
to any indemnified party.

     7.   REPORTS UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT. With a view to making available to the
Investors the benefits of Rule 144 and any other rule or regulation of the SEC
that may at any time permit the Investors to sell the Registrable Shares to the
public without registration, the Company agrees to use its best efforts to: (i)
make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and
defined in Rule 144, (ii) file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and
other documents required to be filed by an issuer of securities registered
under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act; (iii) as long as any Investor
owns any Shares or Warrant Shares, to furnish in writing upon an Investor's
request in writing to the Company a written statement by the Company that it
has complied with the reporting requirements of Rule 144 and of the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, and to furnish to such Investor a copy of the most
recent annual and quarterly reports of the Company, and such other reports and
documents so filed by the Company as may be reasonably requested in writing to
the Company by the Investor in availing such Investor of any rule or regulation
of the SEC permitting the selling of any such Shares and Warrant Shares without
registration, and (iv) undertake any additional actions reasonably necessary to
maintain the availability of a Registration Statement, including any successor
or substitute forms, or the use of Rule 144.

     8.   TRANSFER OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS. Each Investor may assign or transfer
any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to the extent a
transfer of the Shares, Warrant Shares or Warrant Shares, as applicable, is

                                     -10-
<PAGE>

permitted under the Securities Purchase Agreement with respect to the Shares,
Warrant Shares or the Warrant, provided such assignee or transferee agrees in
writing to be bound by the provisions hereof that apply to such assigning or
transferring Investor. Upon any such, and each successive, assignment or
transfer to any permitted assignee or transferee in accordance with the terms
of this Section 8, such permitted assignee or transferee shall be deemed to be
an "Investor" for all purposes of this Agreement.

     9.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, the Securities Purchase Agreement
and the Warrants constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto and
thereto respecting the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all
prior agreements, negotiations, understandings, representations and statements
respecting the subject matter hereof and thereof, whether written or oral,
including but not limited to the various Term Sheets dated December 2004
between the Company and the Investors.

     10.  MISCELLANEOUS.

          (a)   This Agreement, and any right, term or provision contained
herein, may not be amended, modified or terminated, and no right, term or
provision may be waived, except with the written consent of (i) the holders of
a majority of the then outstanding Registrable Shares and (ii) the Company;
provided that any amendment or modification that is materially and
disproportionately adverse to any particular Investor (as compared to all
Investors as a group) shall require the consent of such Investor.

          (b)   This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to any
conflicts of laws concepts which would apply the substantive law of another
jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their
respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and permitted assigns
and transferees, provided that the terms and conditions of Section 8 hereof are
satisfied. The Company may not assign this Agreement or its rights and
obligations hereunder without the consent of holders of a majority of the then
outstanding Registrable Shares. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to
the contrary, if at any time any Investor (including any successors or assigns)
shall cease to own any Registrable Shares, all of such Investor's rights under
this Agreement shall immediately terminate.

          (c)   Any notices, reports or other correspondence (hereinafter
collectively referred to as "correspondence") required or permitted to be given
hereunder shall be sent by postage prepaid first class mail (sent certified or
registered), overnight courier or facsimile transmission, or delivered by hand
to the party to whom such correspondence is required or permitted to be given
hereunder. The date of giving any notice shall be the date of its actual
receipt.

All correspondence to the Company shall be addressed as follows:

                           SkyTerra Communications, Inc.
                           19 West 44th Street, Suite 507
                           New York, New York 10036
                           Facsimile No.:  212-730-7523
                           Attn:  Chief Executive Officer

                                     -11-
<PAGE>

                           with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

                           SkyTerra Communications, Inc.
                           19 West 44th Street, Suite 507
                           New York, New York 10036
                           Facsimile No.:  212-730-7523
                           Attn:  General Counsel

                           Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
                           Four Times Square
                           New York, New York  10036
                           Facsimile No.:  917-777-2918
                           Attn: Gregory Fernicola

All correspondence to the Investors shall be addressed pursuant to the contact
information set forth on Schedule I attached hereto.

Any entity may change the address to which correspondence to it is to be
addressed by notification as provided for herein.

          (d)   Except as provided for in Section 2(d), the parties acknowledge
and agree that in the event of any breach of this Agreement, remedies at law
will be inadequate, and each of the parties hereto shall be entitled to
specific performance of the obligations of the other parties hereto and to such
appropriate injunctive relief as may be granted by a court of competent
jurisdiction. All remedies, either under this Agreement or by law or otherwise
afforded to any of the parties, shall be cumulative and not alternative, except
as otherwise provided in Section 2(d).

          (e)   This Agreement may be executed in a number of counterparts. All
such counterparts together shall constitute one Agreement, and shall be binding
on all the parties hereto notwithstanding that all such parties have not signed
the same counterpart. The parties hereto confirm that any facsimile copy of
another party's executed counterpart of this Agreement (or its signature page
thereof) will be deemed to be an executed original thereof.

          (f)   Except as contemplated in Section 8 hereof, this Agreement is
intended solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and is not intended to
confer any benefits upon, or create any rights in favor of, any Person
(including, without limitation, any stockholder or debt holder of the Company)
other than the parties hereto.

          (g)   If any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent, but only to
the extent of, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, without
invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of
this Agreement, unless such a construction would be unreasonable.


                            [Signature Pages Follow]

                                     -12-
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Registration
Rights Agreement as of the date and year first above written.

                                            SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.


                                            By:  /s/ Robert C. Lewis
                                               --------------------------------
                                               Name:  Robert C. Lewis
                                               Title: Senior Vice President

<PAGE>

INVESTORS:

                                            Entities:
                                            --------

                                            LC CAPITAL MASTER FUND, LTD


                                            By:  /s/ Richard F. Conway
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Richard F. Conway
                                               Title: Director


                                            YORK CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.


                                            By:  /s/ Adam J. Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J. Semler
                                               Title: CFO


                                            YORK INVESTMENT LIMITED


                                            By:  /s/ Adam J. Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J. Semler
                                               Title: CFO of its investment
                                                      manager

                                            YORK CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P.


                                            By:  /s/ Adam J. Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J. Semler
                                               Title: CFO

                                            YORK SELECT, L.P.


                                             By:  /s/ Adam J. Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J. Semler
                                               Title: CFO


                                            YORK SELECT UNIT TRUST


                                            By:  /s/ Adam J. Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J. Semler
                                               Title: CFO of its investment
                                                      manager
<PAGE>

                                            YORK GLOBAL VALUE PARTNERS, L.P.


                                            By:  /s/ Adam J. Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J. Semler
                                               Title: CFO


                                            YORK/GREEN CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P.


                                            By:  /s/ Adam J. Semler
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Adam J. Semler
                                               Title: CFO


                                            THE TUDOR BVI GLOBAL PORTFOLIO LTD.


                                            By:  /s/ William T. Flaherty
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  William T. Flaherty
                                               Title: Managing Director


                                            TUDOR PROPRIETARY TRADING, L.L.C.


                                            By:  /s/ William T. Flaherty
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  William T. Flaherty
                                               Title: Managing Director


                                            WITCHES ROCK PORTFOLIO LTD.


                                            By:  /s/ William T. Flaherty
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  William T. Flaherty
                                               Title: Managing Director


                                            FLEET MARITIME, INC.

                                            By:  Oz Management, LLC

                                            By:  /s/ Daniel S. Och
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Daniel S. Och
                                               Title: Senior Managing Director


                                            OZ MASTER FUND, LTD.

                                            By:  Oz Management, LLC


                                            By:  /s/ Daniel S. Och
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Daniel S. Och
                                               Title: Senior Managing Director
<PAGE>

                                            HARBERT DISTRESSED INVESTMENT MASTER
                                            FUND, LTD.

                                            By:  Harbert Distressed Investment
                                                 Offshore Manager, LLC


                                            By:  /s/ Philip A. Falcone
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Philip A. Falcone
                                               Title: Vice President


                                            GREYWOLF CAPITAL OVERSEAS FUND


                                            By:  /s/ William Troy
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  William Troy
                                               Title: Chief Operating Officer


                                            GREYWOLF CAPITAL PARTNERS II LP


                                            By:  /s/ William Troy
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  William Troy
                                               Title: Chief Operating Officer


                                            MILLENNIUM PARTNERS, L.P.

                                            By:  Millenium Management, L.L.C.


                                            By:  /s/ Terry Feeney
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Terry Feeney
                                               Title: Chief Operating Officer


                                            SECOND GARY & KAREN SINGER
                                            CHILDREN'S TRUST


                                            By:  /s/ Steven Singer
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Steven Singer
                                               Title: Trustee


                                            ORE HILL HUB FUND LTD.

                                            By: Ore Hill Partners, LLC, its
                                                investment advisor


                                                By:  /s/ Fredrick J. Wahl
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                   Name:  Fredrick J. Wahl
                                                   Title: Managing Member


                                            XERION PARTNERS I LLC


                                            By:  /s/ Michael J. Berner
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Michael J. Berner
                                               Title: Vice President
                                                      Paloma GP LLC
                                                      Manager

<PAGE>

                                            ALPHA US SUB FUND VI, LLC

                                            By:  The Harbinger Group, Inc.*


                                            By:  /s/ Joel B. Pinssick
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Joel B. Pinssick
                                               Title: Vice President

                                            *  Pursuant to the Investment
                                               Advisory Agreement dated
                                               April 29, 2003


                                            TEJAS SECURITIES GROUP, INC.


                                            By:  /s/ Morris D. Weiss
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:  Morris D. Weiss
                                               Title: Managing Director


                                            Individuals:
                                            -----------

                                            GEORGE W. HAYWOOD

                                             /s/ George W. Haywood
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Signature:  George W. Haywood
                                                        for IRA

<PAGE>

                                                                     Schedule I


                               List of Investors


Investor
LC Capital Master Fund, Ltd
C/o Lampe, Conway & Co LLC
680 Fifth Avanue
Suite 1202
New York, NY 10019


York Capital Management, L.P.
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022


York Investment Limited
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022


York Select, L.P.
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022


York Credit Opportunities Fund, L.P.
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022


York Select Unit Trust
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022


York Global Value Partners, L.P.
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022


York/Green Capital Partners, L.P.
390 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10022


George W. Haywood
81 Meredith Avenue
Sag Harbor, NY 11963


The Tudor BVI Global Portfolio Ltd.
C/o Tudor Investments Corporation
50 Rowes Wharf
6th Floor
Boston, MA 02110


Tudor Proprietary Trading, L.L.C.
50 Rowes Wharf
6th Floor
Boston, MA 02110


Witches Rock Portfolio Ltd.
C/o Tudor Investments Corporation
50 Rowes Wharf
6th Floor
Boston, MA 02110


Fleet Maritime, Inc.
C/o OZ Management, L.L.C.
9 West 57th Street
39th Floor
New York, NY 10019


OZ Master Fund, Ltd.
C/o OZ Management, L.L.C.
9 West 57th Street
39th Floor
New York, NY 10019


Harbert Distressed Investment Master Fund, Ltd.
C/o 555 Madison Avenue
16th Floor
New York, NY 10022


Greywolf Capital Overseas Fund
411 West Putnam Avenue
Greenwich, CT 06830


Greywolf Capital Partners II LP
411 West Putnam Avenue
Greenwich, CT 06830


Millennium Partners, L.P.
666 Fifth Avenue
8th Floor
New York, NT, 10103


Second Gary & Karen Singer Children's Trust
C/o Romulus Holdings, Inc.
560 Sylvan Avenue
Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632


Ore Hill Hub Fund Ltd.
444 Madison Avenue
Suite 1200
New York, NY 10022


Xerion Partners I LLC
C/o Jorge Sanchez
2 American Lane
Greenwich, CT 06836-2571


Alpha US Sub Fund VI, LLC
555 Madison Avenue
16th Floor
New York, NY 10022


Tejus Securities Group, Inc.
2700 Vic Fortuna, Suite 400
Austin, TX 78746




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>nyc514148.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXH. 10.3 - COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
<TEXT>
                                                               Exhibit 10.3

                                                               Execution Version


THIS WARRANT CERTIFICATE AND THE UNDERLYING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK REPRESENTED
BY THIS WARRANT CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE ABSENCE OF AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SAID ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE
EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION UNDER SAID
ACT. IN ADDITION, THE TRANSFER HEREOF IS SUBJECT TO VARIOUS CONDITIONS
CONTAINED IN A SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 23, 2004. A COPY OF
SUCH CONDITIONS WILL BE PROVIDED TO THE HOLDER UPON REQUEST.


                                                               December 23, 2004


                         SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

                         COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT


Void after December 23, 2009, and subject to earlier termination upon the terms
and conditions set forth herein.

     This Warrant (the "Warrant") entitles [__________] (including any
successors or assigns, the "Holder"), for value received, to purchase from
SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at any
time and from time to time, subject to the terms and conditions set forth
herein, during the period starting from 5:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on the Initial
Exercise Date (as defined in Section 1 below) to 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on
the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 below), immediately following
which time this Warrant shall expire and become void, all or any portion of the
then vested Warrant Shares (as defined in Section 1 below) at the Exercise
Price (as defined in Section 1 below). This Warrant shall not be exercisable
(and this Warrant shall terminate) if the Initial Exercise Date never occurs.
This Warrant is issued subject to the following terms and conditions:

     1.   Definitions As used in this Warrant, the following terms shall have
the respective meanings set forth below or elsewhere in this Warrant as
referred to below:

     "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly
or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common
control with such specified Person, and in all cases, including, without
limitation, any Person that serves as a general partner and/or investment
adviser or in a similar capacity of a Person. For the purposes of this Warrant,
"control," when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person,
directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by
contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have
meanings correlative to the foregoing.

     "business day" (whether such term is capitalized or not) means any day
except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday or a
day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or
required by law or other governmental action to close.

     "Common Stock" means the voting common stock, $0.01 par value per share,
of the Company.

     "Company" has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof.

     "Effectiveness Period" has the meaning set forth in the Registration
Rights Agreement.

<PAGE>

     "Exercise Price" means initially the Initial Exercise Price, as such
amount may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 3 hereof.

     "Expiration Date" means December 23, 2009.

     "Fair Market Value" shall mean on any date (i) if the Common Stock is
quoted on Nasdaq or listed on a national securities exchange, then the last
reported sale price per share of Common Stock on Nasdaq or any national
securities exchange in which such Common Stock is quoted or listed, as the case
may be, on such date or, if no such sale price is reported on such date, such
price on the next preceding business day in which such price was reported, (ii)
if the Common Stock is actively traded over-the-counter, then the last sales
price quoted, if determinable, or, if not determinable, the average of the
closing bid and asked prices quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board (or similar
system) on such date or (iii) if such Common Stock is not traded, quoted or
listed on Nasdaq or any national securities exchange or the over-the-counter
market, then the fair market value of a share of Common Stock, as determined in
good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company.

     "Holder" has the meaning set forth in the preamble of hereof.

     "Initial Exercise Date" means the date on which all or any part of this
Warrant first vests in accordance with Section 2.2 hereof.

     "Initial Exercise Price" means $18.25 per share of Common Stock.

     "Mandatory Registration Statement" has the meaning set forth in the
Registration Rights Agreement.

     "Ownership Limit" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 hereof.

     "Person" (whether or not capitalized) means an individual, entity,
partnership, limited liability company, corporation, association, trust, joint
venture, unincorporated organization, and any government, governmental
department or agency or political subdivision thereof.

     "Registration Rights Agreement" means that certain Registration Rights
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, as it may be amended from time to time,
by and among the Company and the Investors (as such term is defined therein).

     "Registration Statement" has the meaning set forth in the Registration
Rights Agreement.

     "SEC" means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

     "Securities Purchase Agreement" means that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the
Purchasers (as such term is defined therein).

     "Shares" means the aggregate of [2,000,000] shares of Common Stock issued
pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement.

     "Suspension Period" has the meaning set forth in the Registration Rights
Agreement.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

     "Warrants" means this Warrant and any other warrants to purchase Common
Stock issued by the Company to the Investors pursuant to the Securities
Purchase Agreement, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

     "Warrant Shares" means [600,000] shares of Common Stock, subject to
adjustment in accordance with Section 3 below.

     2.   Exercise of Warrant.
          -------------------

          2.1   Method of Exercise; Payment.
                ---------------------------

                (a)  Cash Exercise. Subject to all of the terms and conditions
hereof (including the vesting provisions set forth below), this Warrant may be
exercised, in whole or in part, with respect to any then vested Warrant Shares,
at any time and from time to time during the period commencing at 5:00 a.m.,
Eastern Time, on the Initial Exercise Date and ending at 5:00 p.m., Eastern
Time, on the Expiration Date, by surrender of this Warrant to the Company at
its principal office, accompanied by a subscription substantially in the form
attached hereto, executed by the Holder and accompanied by a wire transfer of
immediately available funds in the amount obtained by multiplying (i) the
number of Warrant Shares for which the Warrant is being exercised, as
designated in such subscription, by (ii) the Exercise Price.

                (b)  Cashless Exercise/Conversion. Subject to all of the terms
and conditions hereof (including the vesting provisions set forth below), the
Holder shall have the right to convert this Warrant, in whole or in part, with
respect to any then vested Warrant Shares, at any time and from time to time
during the period commencing at 5:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on the Initial
Exercise Date and ending at 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the Expiration Date, by
surrender of this Warrant to the Company at its principal office, accompanied
by a conversion notice substantially in the form attached hereto, executed by
the Holder. Thereupon, the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares equal
to:

                     (i)    (A)  (x)  the number of Warrant Shares which such
                     Holder would be entitled to receive upon exercise of such
                     Warrant for the number of Warrant Shares designated in
                     such conversion notice (without giving effect to any
                     adjustment thereof pursuant to this subsection),
                     multiplied by (y) the Fair Market Value of each such
                     Warrant Share so receivable upon such exercise

                     minus

                            (B)  (x)  the number of Warrant Shares which such
                     Holder would be entitled to receive upon exercise of such
                     Warrant for the number of Warrant Shares designated in
                     such conversion notice (without giving effect to any
                     adjustment thereof pursuant to this subsection),
                     multiplied by (y) the Exercise Price

                     divided by

                     (ii)   the Fair Market Value per Warrant Share.

          2.2   Vesting. This Warrant shall become exercisable ("vest") with
respect to Warrant Shares as follows: (a)(i) with respect to [100,000] Warrant
Shares, on June 30, 2005, if a Registration Statement shall not have been

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

declared effective by the SEC by such date, (ii) with respect to an additional
[200,000] Warrant Shares, on August 31, 2005, if a Registration Statement shall
not have been declared effective by the SEC by such date, and (iii) with
respect to the remaining [300,000] Warrant Shares, on December 31, 2005, if a
Registration Statement shall not have been declared effective by the SEC by
such date, or (b) if, during the Effectiveness Period the Mandatory
Registration Statement is not or ceases to be effective (other than any
Suspension Period), with respect to a number of Warrant Shares equaling 7.5% of
the Shares held by the Holder at such time and which such Holder cannot freely
resell without restriction pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event
shall the Company (i) be required pursuant to this Section 2.2 to issue more
warrants or shares beyond this Warrant and the Warrant Shares or (ii) be
required to maintain the effectiveness of the Mandatory Registration Statement
beyond the period specified in Section 2(a) of the Registration Rights
Agreement; and provided further, however, that no vesting shall occur under
Section 2.2(b) hereof from and after the first anniversary of the effectiveness
of the Mandatory Registration Statement; and provided further, however, that
notwithstanding the foregoing, the Warrant Shares shall vest in accordance with
clauses (a) or (b) above only to the extent that, after giving effect to such
vesting, such vesting will not result in the Holder (together with its
Affiliates) owning, holding or beneficially owning more than 9.9% of the Common
Stock (the "Ownership Limit"), and at any time, and from time to time, if the
Holder (together with its Affiliates) owns, holds or beneficially owns a
percentage less than the Ownership Limit, then this Warrant shall thereafter
continue to vest, first with respect to any Warrant Shares that would have
vested in accordance with clauses (a) or (b) above but for the Ownership Limit
and second, otherwise in accordance with clauses (a) or (b) above, but in each
case, again, only to the extent that, after giving effect to such vesting, such
vesting will not result in the Holder (together with its Affiliates) owning,
holding or beneficially owning more than the Ownership Limit.

          2.3   Delivery of Stock Certificates on Exercise. As soon as
practicable after the exercise of this Warrant, and in any event within three
(3) business days thereafter, the Company, at its expense, and in accordance
with applicable securities laws, will cause to be issued in the name of and
delivered to the Holder, or as the Holder may direct (subject in all cases, to
the provisions of Section 8 hereof), a certificate or certificates for the
number of Warrant Shares purchased by the Holder on such exercise, plus, in
lieu of any fractional share to which the Holder would otherwise be entitled,
cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the Fair Market Value.

          2.4   Shares To Be Fully Paid and Nonassessable. All Warrant Shares
issued upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free of all liens, taxes, charges and
other encumbrances or restrictions on sale (other than those set forth herein).

          2.5   Issuance of New Warrants; Company Acknowledgment. Upon any
partial exercise of this Warrant, the Company, at its expense, will forthwith
and, in any event within three (3) business days, issue and deliver to the
Holder a new warrant or warrants of like tenor, registered in the name of the
Holder, exercisable, in the aggregate, for the balance of the Warrant Shares.
Moreover, the Company shall, at the time of any exercise of this Warrant, upon
the request of the Holder, acknowledge in writing its continuing obligation to
afford to the Holder any rights to which the Holder shall continue to be
entitled after such exercise in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant;
provided, however, that if the Holder shall fail to make any such request, such
failure shall not affect the continuing obligation of the Company to afford to
the Holder any such rights.

          2.6   Payment of Taxes and Expenses. The Company shall pay any
recording, filing, stamp or similar tax which may be payable in respect of any
transfer involved in the issuance of, and the preparation and delivery of
certificates (if applicable) representing, (i) any Warrant Shares purchased

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

upon exercise of this Warrant and/or (ii) new or replacement warrants in the
Holder's name or the name of any transferee of all or any portion of this
Warrant.

          2.7   Cooperation with Filings. The Company shall assist and cooperate
with any Holder required to make any governmental or regulatory filings or
obtain any governmental or regulatory approvals prior to or in connection with
any exercise of this Warrant (including, without limitation, making any filings
required to be made by the Company).

          2.8   Conditions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Warrant,
if the exercise of all or any portion of this Warrant is to be made in
connection with a registered public offering, a sale of the Company or any
other transaction or event, such exercise may, at the election of the Holder,
be conditioned upon consummation of such transaction or event in which case
such exercise shall not be deemed effective until the consummation of such
transaction or event.

     3.   Adjustment of Exercise Price and Warrant Shares. The Exercise Price
and the number of Warrant Shares shall be subject to adjustment from time to
time upon the happening of certain events as described in this Section 3.

          3.1   Subdivision or Combination of Stock; Stock Dividends. If at any
time or from time to time after the date hereof, the Company shall subdivide
(by way of stock split or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common Stock or
declare a dividend or make a distribution upon any class or series of stock of
the Company payable in Common Stock, the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such subdivision shall be reduced proportionately and the number of
Warrant Shares (calculated to the nearest whole share) shall be increased
proportionately, and conversely, in the event the outstanding shares of Common
Stock shall be combined (whether by stock combination, reverse stock split or
otherwise) into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect
immediately prior to such combination shall be increased proportionately and
the number of Warrant Shares (calculated to the nearest whole share) shall be
decreased proportionately. The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares,
as so adjusted, shall be readjusted in the same manner upon the happening of
any successive event or events described in this Section 3.1.

          3.2   Adjustments for Reclassifications. If the outstanding Common
Stock shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of any
class(es) or series of stock and/or the right to receive property, whether by
reclassification or otherwise (other than an adjustment under Section 3.1 or a
Merger Transaction under Section 3.3), then and in each such event, the Holder
hereof shall have the right thereafter to convert each Warrant Share into the
kind and amount of shares of stock and other securities and property receivable
upon such reclassification, or other change by holders of the number of shares
of Common Stock into which such Warrant Shares would have been convertible
immediately prior to such reclassification or change, all subject to successive
adjustments thereafter from time to time pursuant to and in accordance with,
the provisions of this Section 3.

          3.3   Adjustments for Merger or Consolidation. In the event that, at
any time or from time to time after the date hereof, the Company shall (a)
consolidate with or merge into any other Person, or (b) sell or transfer all or
substantially all of its properties or assets or more than 50% of the voting
capital stock of the Company (whether issued and outstanding, newly issued,
from treasury, or any combination thereof) to any other person under any plan
or arrangement contemplating the consolidation or merger, sale or transfer, or
dissolution of the Company (each, a "Merger Transaction"), then, in each such
case, the Holder, upon the exercise of this Warrant as provided in Section 2.1
or the conversion of this Warrant as provided in Section 2.1 hereof at any time
or from time to time after the consummation of such consolidation, merger or
sale or the effective date of such dissolution, as the case may be, shall
receive, in lieu of the Warrant Shares issuable on such exercise immediately
prior to such consummation or such effective date, as the case may be, the

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

stock and property (including cash) to which the Holder would have been
entitled upon the consummation of such consolidation or merger, or sale or
transfer, or in connection with such dissolution, as the case may be, if the
Holder had so exercised this Warrant immediately prior thereto (assuming the
payment by the Holder of the Exercise Price therefor as required hereby in a
form permitted hereby, which payment shall be included in the assets of the
Company for the purposes of determining the amount available for distribution),
all subject to successive adjustments thereafter from time to time pursuant to,
and in accordance with, the provisions of this Section 3. The Company shall not
effect any such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer unless, prior to the
consummation thereof, the successor entity (if other than the Company)
resulting from the consolidation or merger or the entity purchasing such assets
assumes by written instrument the obligation to deliver to each holder of
Warrants such shares of stock, securities or assets as, in accordance with the
foregoing provisions, such holder may be entitled to acquire; provided, that
any assumption shall not relieve the Company of its obligations hereunder.

          3.4   Continuation of Terms. Upon any consolidation, merger or
transfer (and any dissolution following any such transfer) referred to in this
Section 3, this Warrant shall continue in full force and effect and the terms
hereof shall be applicable to the shares of Common Stock and other securities
and property receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant after the
consummation of such consolidation or merger or the effective date of
dissolution following any such transfer, as the case may be, and shall be
binding upon the issuer of any such Common Stock or other securities,
including, in the case of any such transfer, the Person acquiring all or
substantially all of the properties or assets or more than 50% of the voting
capital stock of the Company (whether issued and outstanding, newly issued or
from treasury or any combination thereof), whether or not such Person shall
have expressly assumed the terms of this Warrant.

          3.5   Minimum Adjustment of Exercise Price. If the amount of any
adjustment of the Exercise Price required pursuant to this Section 3 would be
less than one-tenth (1/10) of one percent (1%) of the Exercise Price in effect
at the time such adjustment is otherwise so required to be made, such amount
shall be carried forward and adjustment with respect thereto made at the time
of and together with any subsequent adjustment which, together with such amount
and any other amount or amounts so carried forward, shall aggregate at least
one tenth (1/10) of one percent (1%) of such Exercise Price.

          3.6   Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of the Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares
pursuant to this Section 3, this Warrant shall, without any action on the part
of the Holder, be adjusted in accordance with this Section 3, and the Company,
at its expense, promptly shall compute such adjustment or readjustment in
accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to the Holder a
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment, showing in detail
the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company will
forthwith send a copy of each such certificate to the Holder in accordance with
Section 10.4 below.

     4.   Registration Rights. The initial holders of the Warrant Shares
shall be entitled to the registration rights and other rights applicable to
such shares provided by the Registration Rights Agreement.

     5.   Notices of Record Date. Upon (a) any establishment by the Company of a
record date of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of
determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend or
other distribution, or right or option to acquire securities of the Company, or
any other right, or (b) any reclassification, recapitalization, merger or
consolidation of the Company with or into any other Person, any transfer of all
or substantially all the assets of the Company, or any voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, or the sale, in a single
transaction, of a majority of the Company's voting stock (whether newly issued,

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

or from treasury, or previously issued and then outstanding, or any combination
thereof), the Company shall mail to the Holder at least ten (10) business days,
or such longer period as may be required by law, prior to the record date
specified therein and at least ten (10) business days prior to the effective
date specified in clause (ii) or (iii) hereof, a notice specifying (i) the date
established as the record date for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
option or right and a description of such dividend, distribution, option or
right, (ii) the date on which any such reclassification, transfer,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, liquidation or winding up, or sale is
expected to become effective and (iii) the date, if any, fixed as to when the
holders of record of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their shares of
Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon such
reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution, liquidation or
winding up. Nothing herein shall prohibit the Holder from exercising this
Warrant during the ten (10) business day period commencing on the date of such
notice.

     6.   Exchange of Warrant. Subject to the provisions of Section 8 hereof
(if and to the extent applicable), this Warrant shall be exchangeable, upon the
surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for new
warrants of like tenor, each registered in the name of the Holder or, subject
to compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws, in the name of
such other Persons as the Holder may direct (upon payment by the Holder of any
applicable transfer taxes). Each of such new warrants shall be exercisable for
such number of Warrant Shares as the Holder shall direct, provided that all of
such new warrants shall represent, in the aggregate, the right to purchase the
same number of Warrant Shares and cash, securities or other property, if any,
which may be purchased by the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant at the time
of its surrender.

     7.   [Intentionally Omitted]
          -----------------------

     8.   Transfer Provisions, etc.
          -------------------------

          8.1   Legends. Subject to the provisions of Section 6.2 of the
Securities Purchase Agreement, each certificate representing any Warrant Shares
issued upon exercise of this Warrant, and of any shares of Common Stock into
which such Warrant Shares may be converted, shall bear the following legend:

     "THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
     THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN
     THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SAID ACT OR
     PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT
     TO, REGISTRATION UNDER SAID ACT. IN ADDITION, THE TRANSFER HEREOF IS
     SUBJECT TO VARIOUS CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN A SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
     DATED DECEMBER 23, 2004. A COPY OF SUCH CONDITIONS WILL BE PROVIDED TO THE
     HOLDER UPON REQUEST."

          8.2   Mechanics of Transfer.
                ---------------------

                (a)  Any transfer of all or any portion of this Warrant (and the
Warrant Shares), or of any interest herein or therein, that is otherwise in
compliance with applicable law and Sections 6.1 and 6.2 of the Securities
Purchase Agreement shall be effected by surrendering this Warrant to the
Company at its principal office, together with a duly executed form of
assignment, substantially in the form attached hereto. In the event of any such
transfer of this Warrant, subject to compliance with applicable federal and
state securities laws and Sections 6.1 and 6.2 of the Securities Purchase
Agreement, the Company shall issue a new warrant or warrants of like tenor to
the transferee(s), representing, in the aggregate, the right to purchase the
same number of Warrant Shares and cash, securities or other property, if any,

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

which may be purchased by the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant at the time
of its surrender, in accordance with Section 2 hereof.

                (b)  In the event of any transfer of all or any portion of this
Warrant in accordance with Section 8.2(a) above, the Company shall issue (i) a
new warrant of like tenor to the transferee, representing the right to purchase
the number of Warrant Shares, and cash, securities or other property, if any,
which were purchasable by the Holder of the transferred portion of this Warrant
at the time of said transfer, and (ii) a new warrant of like tenor to the
Holder, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares, if
any, and cash, securities or other property, if any, purchasable by the Holder
of the portion of this Warrant not transferred. Until this Warrant or any
portion thereof is transferred on the books of the Company, the Company may
treat the Holder as the absolute holder of this Warrant and all right, title
and interest therein for all purposes, notwithstanding any notice to the
contrary.

          8.3   No Restrictions on Transfer. Subject to compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws and Sections 6.1 and 6.2 of the
Securities Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and any portion hereof, the Warrant
Shares and the rights hereunder may be transferred by the Holder in its sole
discretion at any time and to any Person or Persons, including, without
limitation, Affiliates and affiliated groups of such Holder, without the
consent of the Company.

          8.4   Warrant Register. The Company shall keep at its principal office
a register for the registration, and registration of transfers, of the
Warrants. The name and address of each Holder of one or more of the Warrants,
each transfer thereof and the name and address of each transferee of one or
more of the Warrants shall be registered in such register. The Company shall
give to any Holder of a Warrant promptly upon request therefor, a complete and
correct copy of the names and addresses of all registered Holders of the
Warrants.

     9.   Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of
evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of loss, theft, destruction or
mutilation of this Warrant and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, on
delivery of a customary affidavit of the Holder and customary unsecured
indemnity agreement, or, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender of this
Warrant, the Company at its expense will execute and deliver, or will instruct
its transfer agent to execute and deliver, a new Warrant of like tenor and date
and representing the same rights represented by such lost, stolen, destroyed or
mutilated warrant and any such lost, stolen. mutilated or destroyed Warrant
thereupon shall become void.

     10.  General.
          -------

          10.1  Authorized Shares, Reservation of Shares for Issuance. At all
times while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company shall maintain its
corporate authority to issue, and shall have authorized and reserved for
issuance upon exercise of this Warrant, such number of shares of Common Stock,
and any other capital stock or other securities as shall be sufficient to
perform its obligations under this Warrant (after giving effect to any and all
adjustments to the number and kind of Warrant Shares purchasable upon exercise
of this Warrant).

          10.2  No Impairment. The Company will not, by amendment of its
Certificate of Incorporation or through any transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issuance or sale of securities, sale or other transfer of
any of its assets or properties, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek
to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms
and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in
order to protect the rights of the Holder hereunder against impairment. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (a) will not increase the
par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this
Warrant above the amount payable therefor on such exercise, and (b) will take

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

all action that may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may
validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant.

          10.3  No Rights as Stockholder. The Holder shall not be entitled to
vote or to receive dividends (except as expressly provided herein) or to be
deemed the holder of Common Stock that may at any time be issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant for any purpose whatsoever, nor shall anything
contained herein be construed to confer upon the Holder any of the rights of a
stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors
or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give
or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether upon any recapitalization,
issuance or reclassification of stock, change of par value or change of stock
to no par value, consolidation, merger or conveyance or otherwise), or to
receive notice of meetings (except to the extent otherwise provided in this
Warrant), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, until the Holder
shall have exercised this Warrant and been issued Warrant Shares in accordance
with the provisions hereof and continues to hold Warrant Shares.

          10.4  Notices. Any notices, reports or other correspondence
(hereinafter collectively referred to as "correspondence") required or
permitted to be given hereunder shall be sent by postage prepaid first class
mail (sent certified or registered), overnight courier or facsimile
transmission, or delivered by hand to the party to whom such correspondence is
required or permitted to be given hereunder. The date of giving any notice
shall be the date of its actual receipt.

                (a)  All correspondence to the Company shall be addressed as
follows:

                     SkyTerra Communications, Inc.
                     19 West 44th Street, Suite 507
                     New York, New York 10036
                     Facsimile No.:  212-730-7523
                     Attn:  Chief Executive Officer

                     with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

                     SkyTerra Communications, Inc.
                     19 West 44th Street, Suite 507
                     New York, New York 10036
                     Facsimile No.:  212-730-7523
                     Attn:  General Counsel

                     Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
                     Four Times Square
                     New York, New York  10036
                     Facsimile No.:  917-777-2918
                     Attn: Gregory Fernicola

                (b)  All correspondence to the Holder shall be addressed to the
Holder at its address appearing in the books maintained by the Company.

     11.  Amendment and Waiver. No failure or delay of the Holder in exercising
any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any
single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or
discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The
rights and remedies of the Holder are cumulative and not exclusive of any

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

rights or remedies which it would otherwise have. This Warrant is one of a
series of Warrants issued by the Company, all dated the date hereof and of like
tenor, except as to the number of shares of Common Stock subject thereto
(collectively, the "Company Warrants"). Any term of this Warrant may be amended
or waived upon the written consent of the Company and the holders of Company
Warrants representing at least a majority of the number of shares of Common
Stock then subject to outstanding Company Warrants; provided that (i) any such
amendment or waiver must apply to all Company Warrants then outstanding; (ii)
the number of Warrant Shares subject to this Warrant, the Exercise Price or
Expiration Date of this Warrant and the number of shares or class of stock
obtainable upon exercise of this Warrant may not be amended, (iii) the right to
exercise this Warrant may not be waived, without the written consent of the
Holder of this Warrant (it being agreed that an amendment to or waiver under
any of the provisions of Section 3 of this Warrant shall not be considered an
amendment of the number of Warrant Shares or the Exercise Price) and (iv) any
amendment that adversely affects any particular Holder without a corresponding
affect upon all Holders must be approved by the particular Holder so affected.
The Company shall promptly give notice to all holders of the Company Warrants
of any amendments effected in accordance with this Section 11. No special
consideration may be given to any holder as inducement to waive or amend this
Warrant unless such consideration is given equally and ratably to all holders
of Company Warrants.

     12.  Governing Law. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any
principles of conflicts or choice of law that would result in the application
of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

     13.  Covenants To Bind Successor and Assigns. All covenants, stipulations,
promises and agreements in this Warrant contained by or on behalf of the
Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not.

     14.  Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in
this Warrant shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained
herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. The parties shall
endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which
comes as close as reasonably possible to that of the invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provisions.

     15.  Construction. The definitions of this Warrant shall apply equally to
both the singular and the plural forms of the terms defined. Wherever the
context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine,
feminine and neuter forms. The section and paragraph headings used herein are
for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Warrant and are not to
affect the construction of or be taken into consideration in interpreting this
Warrant.

     16.  Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all
rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to
specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that
monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by
reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to
waive the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law
would be adequate. In any action or proceeding brought to enforce any provision
of this Warrant or where any provision hereof is validly asserted as a defense,
the successful party to such action or proceeding shall be entitled to recover
reasonable attorneys' fees in addition to any other available remedy.

     17.  Entire Agreement. This Warrant, the Securities Purchase Agreement and
the Registration Rights Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the
parties hereto and thereto respecting the subject matter hereof and thereof and
supersede all prior agreements, negotiations, understandings, representations

                                     -10-
<PAGE>

and statements respecting the subject matter hereof and thereof, whether
written or oral, including but not limited to the various Term Sheets dated
December 2004 between the Company and the Purchasers.


                           [SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]

                                     -11-
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Warrant as of the date
first written above.


                                            COMPANY:

                                            SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.


                                            By:
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Name:
                                               Title:

<PAGE>

                                   NOTICE AND
                                  SUBSCRIPTION


To:  SkyTerra Communications, Inc.
     19 West 44th Street, Suite 507
     New York, New York  10036


     The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right of
purchase represented by the attached Warrant for, and to exercise thereunder,
__________ shares of Common Stock, of SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), and tenders herewith payment of $__________,
representing the aggregate purchase price for such shares based on the price
per share provided for in such Warrant. Such payment is being made in
accordance with Section 2.1(a) of the attached Warrant.

     The undersigned hereby represents and warrants as follows:

     (a)  the undersigned is acquiring such shares of Common Stock for its own
account for investment and not for resale or with a view to distribution
thereof in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Securities Act"); and

     (b)  the undersigned is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule
501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act
and was not organized for the purpose of acquiring any of the Warrant or such
shares of Common Stock or is an individual with net worth in excess of $100
million. The undersigned's financial condition is such that it is able to bear
the risk of holding such securities for an indefinite period of time and the
risk of loss of its entire investment. The undersigned has sufficient knowledge
and experience in investing in companies similar to the Company so as to be
able to evaluate the risks and merits of its investment in the Company.

     Please issue a certificate or certificates for such shares of Common Stock
in the following name or names and denominations and deliver such certificate
or certificates to the person or persons listed below at their respective
address set forth below:

                           _________________________
                           _________________________
                           _________________________
                           _________________________

     If said number of shares of Common Stock shall not be all the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the attached Warrant, a new Warrant is
to be issued in the name of the undersigned for the remaining balance of such
shares of Common Stock less any fraction of a share of Common Stock paid in
cash pursuant to Section 2.3 of the attached Warrant.


Dated: __________, ____                        _________________________________
                                               Signature

<PAGE>

     The undersigned SkyTerra Communications, Inc. hereby acknowledges receipt
of this Notice and Subscription and authorizes issuance of the shares of Common
Stock described above.


SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.


By: _________________________
Title: ______________________
Date: _______________________

<PAGE>

                               FORM OF ASSIGNMENT


                  (To be executed upon assignment of Warrant)


     For value received, __________________________________ hereby sells,
assigns and transfers unto __________________ the attached Warrant [__% of the
attached Warrant], together with all right, title and interest therein, and
does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ____________________ attorney to
transfer said Warrant [said percentage of said Warrant] on the books of
SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation, with full power of
substitution in the premises.

     If not all of the attached Warrant is to be so transferred, a new Warrant
is to be issued in the name of the undersigned for the balance of said Warrant.

     The undersigned hereby agrees that it will not sell, assign, or transfer
the right, title and interest in and to the Warrant unless applicable federal
and state securities laws have been complied with.



Dated: __________, ____                        _________________________________
                                               Signature

<PAGE>

                           FORM OF CONVERSION NOTICE

To SkyTerra Communications, Inc.:

     The undersigned registered holder of the attached Warrant hereby
irrevocably converts such Warrants with respect to ________(1) Warrant Shares
which such holder would be entitled to receive upon the exercise hereof, and
requests that the certificates for such shares be issued in the name of, and
delivered to _________________, whose address is as follows:

                           _________________________
                           _________________________
                           _________________________
                           _________________________

         Such conversion is being made in accordance with Section 2.1(b) of the
attached Warrant. The undersigned hereby represents and warrants as follows:

     (a)  the undersigned is acquiring such shares of Common Stock for its own
account for investment and not for resale or with a view to distribution
thereof in violation of the Securities Act; and

     (b)  the undersigned is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule
501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act
and was not organized for the purpose of acquiring any of the Warrant or such
shares of Common Stock or is an individual with net worth in excess of $100
million. The undersigned's financial condition is such that it is able to bear
the risk of holding such securities for an indefinite period of time and the
risk of loss of its entire investment. The undersigned has sufficient knowledge
and experience in investing in companies similar to the Company so as to be
able to evaluate the risks and merits of its investment in the Company.

Dated:


                                         _______________________________________
                                         (Signature must conform in all respects
                                         to name of holder as specified on the
                                         face of Warrant)

                                         _______________________________________
                                         (Street Address)

                                         _______________________________________
                                         (City)              (State)  (Zip Code)

- ---------

(1)  Insert here the number of Warrant Shares into which the Warrant is
convertible (or, in the case of a partial conversion, the number of Warrant
Shares as to which the Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate are then
being converted). In the case of a partial conversion, a new Warrant
Certificate will be issued and delivered, representing the unconverted portion
of the Warrants, to the holder surrendering this Warrant Certificate.

     The undersigned SkyTerra Communications, Inc. hereby acknowledges receipt
of this Conversion Notice and authorizes issuance of the shares of Common Stock
described above.


SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.


By: _________________________
Title: ______________________
Date: _______________________


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>nyc514784.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4 - COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
<TEXT>
                                                             Exhibit 10.4


                                                               Execution Version


THIS WARRANT CERTIFICATE AND THE UNDERLYING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK REPRESENTED
BY THIS WARRANT CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE ABSENCE OF AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SAID ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE
EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION UNDER SAID
ACT. IN ADDITION, THE TRANSFER HEREOF IS SUBJECT TO VARIOUS CONDITIONS
CONTAINED IN A SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER 23, 2004. A COPY OF
SUCH CONDITIONS WILL BE PROVIDED TO THE HOLDER UPON REQUEST.


                                                              December 23, 2004


                         SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

                         COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

Void after December 23, 2009, and subject to earlier termination upon the terms
and conditions set forth herein.

         This Warrant (the "Warrant") entitles Tejas Securities Group, Inc.
(including any successors or assigns, the "Holder"), for value received, to
purchase from SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), at any time and from time to time, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth herein, during the period starting from 5:00 a.m., Eastern
Time, on the Initial Exercise Date (as defined in Section 1 below) to 5:00
p.m., Eastern Time, on the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 below),
immediately following which time this Warrant shall expire and become void, all
or any portion of the Warrant Shares (as defined in Section 1 below) at the
Exercise Price (as defined in Section 1 below). This Warrant is issued subject
to the following terms and conditions:

         1.   Definitions As used in this Warrant, the following terms shall
have the respective meanings set forth below or elsewhere in this Warrant as
referred to below:

         "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person
directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect
common control with such specified Person, and in all cases, including, without
limitation, any Person that serves as a general partner and/or investment
adviser or in a similar capacity of a Person. For the purposes of this Warrant,
"control," when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person,
directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by
contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have
meanings correlative to the foregoing.

         "business day" (whether such term is capitalized or not) means any day
except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday or a
day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or
required by law or other governmental action to close.

         "Common Stock" means the voting common stock, $0.01 par value per
share, of the Company.

         "Company" has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereof.

         "Exercise Price" means initially the Initial Exercise Price, as such
amount may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 3 hereof.

<PAGE>

         "Expiration Date" means December 23, 2009.

         "Fair Market Value" shall mean on any date (i) if the Common Stock is
quoted on Nasdaq or listed on a national securities exchange, then the last
reported sale price per share of Common Stock on Nasdaq or any national
securities exchange in which such Common Stock is quoted or listed, as the case
may be, on such date or, if no such sale price is reported on such date, such
price on the next preceding business day in which such price was reported, (ii)
if the Common Stock is actively traded over-the-counter, then the last sales
price quoted, if determinable, or, if not determinable, the average of the
closing bid and asked prices quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board (or similar
system) on such date or (iii) if such Common Stock is not traded, quoted or
listed on Nasdaq or any national securities exchange or the over-the-counter
market, then the fair market value of a share of Common Stock, as determined in
good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company.

         "Holder" has the meaning set forth in the preamble of hereof.

         "Initial Exercise Date" means December 23, 2004.

         "Initial Exercise Price" means $18.25 per share of Common Stock.

         "Person" (whether or not capitalized) means an individual, entity,
partnership, limited liability company, corporation, association, trust, joint
venture, unincorporated organization, and any government, governmental
department or agency or political subdivision thereof.

         "Registration Rights Agreement" means that certain Registration Rights
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, as it may be amended from time to time,
by and among the Company and the Investors (as such term is defined therein).

         "Securities Purchase Agreement" means that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the
Purchasers (as such term is defined therein). Section 8 of this Warrant makes
reference to, and shall be governed by, Sections 6.1 and 6.2 of the Securities
Purchase Agreement, whether or not Holder is a party thereto. Solely for
purposes of interpreting Section 8 of this Warrant, "Purchaser" (as such term
is defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) shall be deemed to include
Holder, and "Warrant" (as such term is defined in the Securities Purchase
Agreement) shall be deemed to include this Warrant.

         "Warrants" means this Warrant and any other warrants to purchase
Common Stock issued by the Company to the Investors pursuant to the Securities
Purchase Agreement, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

         "Warrant Shares" means 110,000 shares of Common Stock, subject to
adjustment in accordance with Section 3 below.

         2.   Exercise of Warrant.
              -------------------

              2.1    Method of Exercise; Payment.
                     ---------------------------

                     (a)  Cash Exercise. Subject to all of the terms and
conditions hereof, this Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part, with
respect to any Warrant Shares, at any time and from time to time during the
period commencing at 5:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on the Initial Exercise Date and
ending at 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the Expiration Date, by surrender of this
Warrant to the Company at its principal office, accompanied by a subscription

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

substantially in the form attached hereto, executed by the Holder and
accompanied by a wire transfer of immediately available funds in the amount
obtained by multiplying (i) the number of Warrant Shares for which the Warrant
is being exercised, as designated in such subscription, by (ii) the Exercise
Price.

                     (b)  Cashless Exercise/Conversion. Subject to all of the
terms and conditions hereof, the Holder shall have the right to convert this
Warrant, in whole or in part, with respect to any Warrant Shares, at any time
and from time to time during the period commencing at 5:00 a.m., Eastern Time,
on the Initial Exercise Date and ending at 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the
Expiration Date, by surrender of this Warrant to the Company at its principal
office, accompanied by a conversion notice substantially in the form attached
hereto, executed by the Holder. Thereupon, the Holder shall be entitled to
receive a number of duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable Warrant Shares equal to:

                          (i)    (A)  (x) the number of Warrant Shares which
                          such Holder would be entitled to receive upon
                          exercise of such Warrant for the number of Warrant
                          Shares designated in such conversion notice (without
                          giving effect to any adjustment thereof pursuant to
                          this subsection), multiplied by (y) the Fair Market
                          Value of each such Warrant Share so receivable upon
                          such exercise

                          minus

                                 (B)  (x) the number of Warrant Shares which
                          such Holder would be entitled to receive upon
                          exercise of such Warrant for the number of Warrant
                          Shares designated in such conversion notice (without
                          giving effect to any adjustment thereof pursuant to
                          this subsection), multiplied by (y) the Exercise
                          Price

                          divided by

                          (ii)   the Fair Market Value per Warrant Share.

              2.2  Intentionally Omitted.
                   ---------------------

              2.3    Delivery of Stock Certificates on Exercise. As soon as
practicable after the exercise of this Warrant, and in any event within three
(3) business days thereafter, the Company, at its expense, and in accordance
with applicable securities laws, will cause to be issued in the name of and
delivered to the Holder, or as the Holder may direct (subject in all cases, to
the provisions of Section 8 hereof), a certificate or certificates for the
number of Warrant Shares purchased by the Holder on such exercise, plus, in
lieu of any fractional share to which the Holder would otherwise be entitled,
cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the Fair Market Value.

              2.4    Shares To Be Fully Paid and Nonassessable. All Warrant
Shares issued upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free of all liens, taxes, charges
and other encumbrances or restrictions on sale (other than those set forth
herein).

              2.5    Issuance of New Warrants; Company Acknowledgment. Upon any
partial exercise of this Warrant, the Company, at its expense, will forthwith
and, in any event within three (3) business days, issue and deliver to the
Holder a new warrant or warrants of like tenor, registered in the name of the
Holder, exercisable, in the aggregate, for the balance of the Warrant Shares.
Moreover, the Company shall, at the time of any exercise of this Warrant, upon

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

the request of the Holder, acknowledge in writing its continuing obligation to
afford to the Holder any rights to which the Holder shall continue to be
entitled after such exercise in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant;
provided, however, that if the Holder shall fail to make any such request, such
failure shall not affect the continuing obligation of the Company to afford to
the Holder any such rights.

              2.6    Payment of Taxes and Expenses. The Company shall pay any
recording, filing, stamp or similar tax which may be payable in respect of any
transfer involved in the issuance of, and the preparation and delivery of
certificates (if applicable) representing, (i) any Warrant Shares purchased
upon exercise of this Warrant and/or (ii) new or replacement warrants in the
Holder's name or the name of any transferee of all or any portion of this
Warrant.

              2.7    Cooperation with Filings. The Company shall assist and
cooperate with any Holder required to make any governmental or regulatory
filings or obtain any governmental or regulatory approvals prior to or in
connection with any exercise of this Warrant (including, without limitation,
making any filings required to be made by the Company).

              2.8    Conditions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Warrant, if the exercise of all or any portion of this Warrant is to be made in
connection with a registered public offering, a sale of the Company or any
other transaction or event, such exercise may, at the election of the Holder,
be conditioned upon consummation of such transaction or event in which case
such exercise shall not be deemed effective until the consummation of such
transaction or event.

         3.   Adjustment of Exercise Price and Warrant Shares. The Exercise
Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be subject to adjustment from time
to time upon the happening of certain events as described in this Section 3.

              3.1    Subdivision or Combination of Stock; Stock Dividends. If at
any time or from time to time after the date hereof, the Company shall
subdivide (by way of stock split or otherwise) its outstanding shares of Common
Stock or declare a dividend or make a distribution upon any class or series of
stock of the Company payable in Common Stock, the Exercise Price in effect
immediately prior to such subdivision shall be reduced proportionately and the
number of Warrant Shares (calculated to the nearest whole share) shall be
increased proportionately, and conversely, in the event the outstanding shares
of Common Stock shall be combined (whether by stock combination, reverse stock
split or otherwise) into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in
effect immediately prior to such combination shall be increased proportionately
and the number of Warrant Shares (calculated to the nearest whole share) shall
be decreased proportionately. The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant
Shares, as so adjusted, shall be readjusted in the same manner upon the
happening of any successive event or events described in this Section 3.1.

              3.2    Adjustments for Reclassifications. If the outstanding
Common Stock shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of
any class(es) or series of stock and/or the right to receive property, whether
by reclassification or otherwise (other than an adjustment under Section 3.1 or
a Merger Transaction under Section 3.3), then and in each such event, the
Holder hereof shall have the right thereafter to convert each Warrant Share
into the kind and amount of shares of stock and other securities and property
receivable upon such reclassification, or other change by holders of the number
of shares of Common Stock into which such Warrant Shares would have been
convertible immediately prior to such reclassification or change, all subject
to successive adjustments thereafter from time to time pursuant to and in
accordance with, the provisions of this Section 3.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

              3.3    Adjustments for Merger or Consolidation. In the event that,
at any time or from time to time after the date hereof, the Company shall (a)
consolidate with or merge into any other Person, or (b) sell or transfer all or
substantially all of its properties or assets or more than 50% of the voting
capital stock of the Company (whether issued and outstanding, newly issued,
from treasury, or any combination thereof) to any other person under any plan
or arrangement contemplating the consolidation or merger, sale or transfer, or
dissolution of the Company (each, a "Merger Transaction"), then, in each such
case, the Holder, upon the exercise of this Warrant as provided in Section 2.1
or the conversion of this Warrant as provided in Section 2.1 hereof at any time
or from time to time after the consummation of such consolidation, merger or
sale or the effective date of such dissolution, as the case may be, shall
receive, in lieu of the Warrant Shares issuable on such exercise immediately
prior to such consummation or such effective date, as the case may be, the
stock and property (including cash) to which the Holder would have been
entitled upon the consummation of such consolidation or merger, or sale or
transfer, or in connection with such dissolution, as the case may be, if the
Holder had so exercised this Warrant immediately prior thereto (assuming the
payment by the Holder of the Exercise Price therefor as required hereby in a
form permitted hereby, which payment shall be included in the assets of the
Company for the purposes of determining the amount available for distribution),
all subject to successive adjustments thereafter from time to time pursuant to,
and in accordance with, the provisions of this Section 3. The Company shall not
effect any such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer unless, prior to the
consummation thereof, the successor entity (if other than the Company)
resulting from the consolidation or merger or the entity purchasing such assets
assumes by written instrument the obligation to deliver to each holder of
Warrants such shares of stock, securities or assets as, in accordance with the
foregoing provisions, such holder may be entitled to acquire; provided, that
any assumption shall not relieve the Company of its obligations hereunder.

              3.4    Continuation of Terms. Upon any consolidation, merger or
transfer (and any dissolution following any such transfer) referred to in this
Section 3, this Warrant shall continue in full force and effect and the terms
hereof shall be applicable to the shares of Common Stock and other securities
and property receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant after the
consummation of such consolidation or merger or the effective date of
dissolution following any such transfer, as the case may be, and shall be
binding upon the issuer of any such Common Stock or other securities,
including, in the case of any such transfer, the Person acquiring all or
substantially all of the properties or assets or more than 50% of the voting
capital stock of the Company (whether issued and outstanding, newly issued or
from treasury or any combination thereof), whether or not such Person shall
have expressly assumed the terms of this Warrant.

              3.5    Minimum Adjustment of Exercise Price. If the amount of any
adjustment of the Exercise Price required pursuant to this Section 3 would be
less than one-tenth (1/10) of one percent (1%) of the Exercise Price in effect
at the time such adjustment is otherwise so required to be made, such amount
shall be carried forward and adjustment with respect thereto made at the time
of and together with any subsequent adjustment which, together with such amount
and any other amount or amounts so carried forward, shall aggregate at least
one tenth (1/10) of one percent (1%) of such Exercise Price.

              3.6    Certificate as to Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment or readjustment of the Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares
pursuant to this Section 3, this Warrant shall, without any action on the part
of the Holder, be adjusted in accordance with this Section 3, and the Company,
at its expense, promptly shall compute such adjustment or readjustment in
accordance with the terms hereof and prepare and furnish to the Holder a
certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment, showing in detail
the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company will
forthwith send a copy of each such certificate to the Holder in accordance with
Section 10.4 below.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

         4.   Registration Rights. The initial holders of the Warrant Shares
shall be entitled to the registration rights and other rights applicable to
such shares provided by the Registration Rights Agreement.

         5.   Notices of Record Date. Upon (a) any establishment by the Company
of a record date of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of
determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend or
other distribution, or right or option to acquire securities of the Company, or
any other right, or (b) any reclassification, recapitalization, merger or
consolidation of the Company with or into any other Person, any transfer of all
or substantially all the assets of the Company, or any voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, or the sale, in a single
transaction, of a majority of the Company's voting stock (whether newly issued,
or from treasury, or previously issued and then outstanding, or any combination
thereof), the Company shall mail to the Holder at least ten (10) business days,
or such longer period as may be required by law, prior to the record date
specified therein and at least ten (10) business days prior to the effective
date specified in clause (ii) or (iii) hereof, a notice specifying (i) the date
established as the record date for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
option or right and a description of such dividend, distribution, option or
right, (ii) the date on which any such reclassification, transfer,
consolidation, merger, dissolution, liquidation or winding up, or sale is
expected to become effective and (iii) the date, if any, fixed as to when the
holders of record of Common Stock shall be entitled to exchange their shares of
Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon such
reclassification, transfer, consolidation, merger, dissolution, liquidation or
winding up. Nothing herein shall prohibit the Holder from exercising this
Warrant during the ten (10) business day period commencing on the date of such
notice.

         6.   Exchange of Warrant. Subject to the provisions of Section 8 hereof
(if and to the extent applicable), this Warrant shall be exchangeable, upon the
surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for new
warrants of like tenor, each registered in the name of the Holder or, subject
to compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws, in the name of
such other Persons as the Holder may direct (upon payment by the Holder of any
applicable transfer taxes). Each of such new warrants shall be exercisable for
such number of Warrant Shares as the Holder shall direct, provided that all of
such new warrants shall represent, in the aggregate, the right to purchase the
same number of Warrant Shares and cash, securities or other property, if any,
which may be purchased by the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant at the time
of its surrender.

         7.   [Intentionally Omitted]
              -----------------------

         8.   Transfer Provisions, etc.
              -------------------------

              8.1    Legends. Subject to the provisions of Section 6.2 of the
Securities Purchase Agreement, each certificate representing any Warrant Shares
issued upon exercise of this Warrant, and of any shares of Common Stock into
which such Warrant Shares may be converted, shall bear the following legend:

     "THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
     THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN
     THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SAID ACT OR
     PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT
     TO, REGISTRATION UNDER SAID ACT. IN ADDITION, THE TRANSFER HEREOF IS
     SUBJECT TO VARIOUS CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN A SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
     DATED DECEMBER 23, 2004. A COPY OF SUCH CONDITIONS WILL BE PROVIDED TO THE
     HOLDER UPON REQUEST."

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

              8.2    Mechanics of Transfer.
                     ---------------------

                     (a)  Any transfer of all or any portion of this Warrant
(and the Warrant Shares), or of any interest herein or therein, that is
otherwise in compliance with applicable law and Sections 6.1 and 6.2 of the
Securities Purchase Agreement shall be effected by surrendering this Warrant to
the Company at its principal office, together with a duly executed form of
assignment, substantially in the form attached hereto. In the event of any such
transfer of this Warrant, subject to compliance with applicable federal and
state securities laws and Sections 6.1 and 6.2 of the Securities Purchase
Agreement, the Company shall issue a new warrant or warrants of like tenor to
the transferee(s), representing, in the aggregate, the right to purchase the
same number of Warrant Shares and cash, securities or other property, if any,
which may be purchased by the Holder upon exercise of this Warrant at the time
of its surrender, in accordance with Section 2 hereof.

                     (b)  In the event of any transfer of all or any portion of
this Warrant in accordance with Section 8.2(a) above, the Company shall issue
(i) a new warrant of like tenor to the transferee, representing the right to
purchase the number of Warrant Shares, and cash, securities or other property,
if any, which were purchasable by the Holder of the transferred portion of this
Warrant at the time of said transfer, and (ii) a new warrant of like tenor to
the Holder, representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares, if
any, and cash, securities or other property, if any, purchasable by the Holder
of the portion of this Warrant not transferred. Until this Warrant or any
portion thereof is transferred on the books of the Company, the Company may
treat the Holder as the absolute holder of this Warrant and all right, title
and interest therein for all purposes, notwithstanding any notice to the
contrary.

              8.3    No Restrictions on Transfer. Subject to compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws and Sections 6.1 and 6.2 of the
Securities Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and any portion hereof, the Warrant
Shares and the rights hereunder may be transferred by the Holder in its sole
discretion at any time and to any Person or Persons, including, without
limitation, Affiliates and affiliated groups of such Holder, without the
consent of the Company.

              8.4    Warrant Register. The Company shall keep at its principal
office a register for the registration, and registration of transfers, of the
Warrants. The name and address of each Holder of one or more of the Warrants,
each transfer thereof and the name and address of each transferee of one or
more of the Warrants shall be registered in such register. The Company shall
give to any Holder of a Warrant promptly upon request therefor, a complete and
correct copy of the names and addresses of all registered Holders of the
Warrants.

         9.   Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Warrant. Upon receipt by the Company of
evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of loss, theft, destruction or
mutilation of this Warrant and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, on
delivery of a customary affidavit of the Holder and customary unsecured
indemnity agreement, or, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender of this
Warrant, the Company at its expense will execute and deliver, or will instruct
its transfer agent to execute and deliver, a new Warrant of like tenor and date
and representing the same rights represented by such lost, stolen, destroyed or
mutilated warrant and any such lost, stolen. mutilated or destroyed Warrant
thereupon shall become void.

         10.  General.
              -------

              10.1   Authorized Shares, Reservation of Shares for Issuance. At
all times while this Warrant is outstanding, the Company shall maintain its
corporate authority to issue, and shall have authorized and reserved for
issuance upon exercise of this Warrant, such number of shares of Common Stock,
and any other capital stock or other securities as shall be sufficient to
perform its obligations under this Warrant (after giving effect to any and all

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

adjustments to the number and kind of Warrant Shares purchasable upon exercise
of this Warrant).

              10.2   No Impairment. The Company will not, by amendment of its
Certificate of Incorporation or through any transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution, issuance or sale of securities, sale or other transfer of
any of its assets or properties, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek
to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but
will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms
and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in
order to protect the rights of the Holder hereunder against impairment. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (a) will not increase the
par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of this
Warrant above the amount payable therefor on such exercise, and (b) will take
all action that may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may
validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant.

              10.3   No Rights as Stockholder. The Holder shall not be entitled
to vote or to receive dividends (except as expressly provided herein) or to be
deemed the holder of Common Stock that may at any time be issuable upon
exercise of this Warrant for any purpose whatsoever, nor shall anything
contained herein be construed to confer upon the Holder any of the rights of a
stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors
or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give
or withhold consent to any corporate action (whether upon any recapitalization,
issuance or reclassification of stock, change of par value or change of stock
to no par value, consolidation, merger or conveyance or otherwise), or to
receive notice of meetings (except to the extent otherwise provided in this
Warrant), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, until the Holder
shall have exercised this Warrant and been issued Warrant Shares in accordance
with the provisions hereof and continues to hold Warrant Shares.

              10.4   Notices. Any notices, reports or other correspondence
(hereinafter collectively referred to as "correspondence") required or
permitted to be given hereunder shall be sent by postage prepaid first class
mail (sent certified or registered), overnight courier or facsimile
transmission, or delivered by hand to the party to whom such correspondence is
required or permitted to be given hereunder. The date of giving any notice
shall be the date of its actual receipt.

                     (a)  All correspondence to the Company shall be addressed
as follows:

                          SkyTerra Communications, Inc.
                          19 West 44th Street, Suite 507
                          New York, New York 10036
                          Facsimile No.:  212-730-7523
                          Attn:  Chief Executive Officer

                          with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

                          SkyTerra Communications, Inc.
                          19 West 44th Street, Suite 507
                          New York, New York 10036
                          Facsimile No.:  212-730-7523
                          Attn:  General Counsel

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

                          Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
                          Four Times Square
                          New York, New York  10036
                          Facsimile No.:  917-777-2918
                          Attn: Gregory Fernicola

                     (b)  All correspondence to the Holder shall be addressed to
the Holder at its address appearing in the books maintained by the Company.

         11.  Amendment and Waiver. No failure or delay of the Holder in
exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor
shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any
abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power,
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right or power. The rights and remedies of the Holder are cumulative and not
exclusive of any rights or remedies which it would otherwise have. This Warrant
is one of a series of Warrants issued by the Company, all dated the date hereof
and of like tenor, except as to the number of shares of Common Stock subject
thereto (collectively, the "Company Warrants"). Any term of this Warrant may be
amended or waived upon the written consent of the Company and the holders of
Company Warrants representing at least a majority of the number of shares of
Common Stock then subject to outstanding Company Warrants; provided that (i)
any such amendment or waiver must apply to all Company Warrants then
outstanding; (ii) the number of Warrant Shares subject to this Warrant, the
Exercise Price or Expiration Date of this Warrant and the number of shares or
class of stock obtainable upon exercise of this Warrant may not be amended,
(iii) the right to exercise this Warrant may not be waived, without the written
consent of the Holder of this Warrant (it being agreed that an amendment to or
waiver under any of the provisions of Section 3 of this Warrant shall not be
considered an amendment of the number of Warrant Shares or the Exercise Price)
and (iv) any amendment that adversely affects any particular Holder without a
corresponding affect upon all Holders must be approved by the particular Holder
so affected. The Company shall promptly give notice to all holders of the
Company Warrants of any amendments effected in accordance with this Section 11.
No special consideration may be given to any holder as inducement to waive or
amend this Warrant unless such consideration is given equally and ratably to
all holders of Company Warrants.

         12.  Governing Law. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any
principles of conflicts or choice of law that would result in the application
of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

         13.  Covenants To Bind Successor and Assigns. All covenants,
stipulations, promises and agreements in this Warrant contained by or on behalf
of the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or
not.

         14.  Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions contained
in this Warrant shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained
herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. The parties shall
endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which
comes as close as reasonably possible to that of the invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provisions.

         15.  Construction. The definitions of this Warrant shall apply equally
to both the singular and the plural forms of the terms defined. Wherever the
context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine,
feminine and neuter forms. The section and paragraph headings used herein are
for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Warrant and are not to
affect the construction of or be taken into consideration in interpreting this
Warrant.

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

         16.  Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise
all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to
specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that
monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by
reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to
waive the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law
would be adequate. In any action or proceeding brought to enforce any provision
of this Warrant or where any provision hereof is validly asserted as a defense,
the successful party to such action or proceeding shall be entitled to recover
reasonable attorneys' fees in addition to any other available remedy.

         17.  Entire Agreement. This Warrant, the Securities Purchase Agreement
(Sections 6.1 and 6.2 thereof only) and the Registration Rights Agreement
constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto and thereto
respecting the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior
agreements, negotiations, understandings, representations and statements
respecting the subject matter hereof and thereof, whether written or oral,
including but not limited to Section 5 of the engagement letter dated December
13, 2004 between the Company and Tejas Securities Group, Inc.


                           [SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]

                                     -10-
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has executed this Warrant as of the
date first written above.


                                      COMPANY:

                                      SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.


                                      By:  /s/ Robert C. Lewis
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name:  Robert C. Lewis
                                          Title: Senior Vice President

<PAGE>

                                   NOTICE AND
                                  SUBSCRIPTION


To:  SkyTerra Communications, Inc.
     19 West 44th Street, Suite 507
     New York, New York 10036


         The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right of
purchase represented by the attached Warrant for, and to exercise thereunder,
__________ shares of Common Stock, of SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), and tenders herewith payment of $__________,
representing the aggregate purchase price for such shares based on the price
per share provided for in such Warrant. Such payment is being made in
accordance with Section 2.1(a) of the attached Warrant.

         The undersigned hereby represents and warrants as follows:

         (a)  the undersigned is acquiring such shares of Common Stock for its
own account for investment and not for resale or with a view to distribution
thereof in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Securities Act"); and

         (b)  the undersigned is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule
501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act
and was not organized for the purpose of acquiring any of the Warrant or such
shares of Common Stock or is an individual with net worth in excess of $100
million. The undersigned's financial condition is such that it is able to bear
the risk of holding such securities for an indefinite period of time and the
risk of loss of its entire investment. The undersigned has sufficient knowledge
and experience in investing in companies similar to the Company so as to be
able to evaluate the risks and merits of its investment in the Company.

         Please issue a certificate or certificates for such shares of Common
Stock in the following name or names and denominations and deliver such
certificate or certificates to the person or persons listed below at their
respective address set forth below:

                           _________________________
                           _________________________
                           _________________________
                           _________________________

         If said number of shares of Common Stock shall not be all the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the attached Warrant, a new Warrant
is to be issued in the name of the undersigned for the remaining balance of
such shares of Common Stock less any fraction of a share of Common Stock paid
in cash pursuant to Section 2.3 of the attached Warrant.



Dated: __________, ____                        _________________________________
                                                            Signature

<PAGE>

         The undersigned SkyTerra Communications, Inc. hereby acknowledges
receipt of this Notice and Subscription and authorizes issuance of the shares
of Common Stock described above.

SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

By: _____________________________
Title: __________________________
Date: ___________________________

<PAGE>

                               FORM OF ASSIGNMENT


                  (To be executed upon assignment of Warrant)


         For value received, __________________________________ hereby sells,
assigns and transfers unto __________________ the attached Warrant [__% of the
attached Warrant], together with all right, title and interest therein, and
does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint ____________________ attorney to
transfer said Warrant [said percentage of said Warrant] on the books of
SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC., a Delaware corporation, with full power of
substitution in the premises.

         If not all of the attached Warrant is to be so transferred, a new
Warrant is to be issued in the name of the undersigned for the balance of said
Warrant.

         The undersigned hereby agrees that it will not sell, assign, or
transfer the right, title and interest in and to the Warrant unless applicable
federal and state securities laws have been complied with.



Dated: __________, ____                        _________________________________
                                               Signature

<PAGE>

                           FORM OF CONVERSION NOTICE


To SkyTerra Communications, Inc.:

         The undersigned registered holder of the attached Warrant hereby
irrevocably converts such Warrants with respect to ________1 Warrant Shares
which such holder would be entitled to receive upon the exercise hereof, and
requests that the certificates for such shares be issued in the name of, and
delivered to _________________, whose address is as follows:

                           _________________________
                           _________________________
                           _________________________
                           _________________________

         Such conversion is being made in accordance with Section 2.1(b) of the
attached Warrant. The undersigned hereby represents and warrants as follows:

         (a)  the undersigned is acquiring such shares of Common Stock for its
own account for investment and not for resale or with a view to distribution
thereof in violation of the Securities Act; and

         (b)  the undersigned is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule
501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act
and was not organized for the purpose of acquiring any of the Warrant or such
shares of Common Stock or is an individual with net worth in excess of $100
million. The undersigned's financial condition is such that it is able to bear
the risk of holding such securities for an indefinite period of time and the
risk of loss of its entire investment. The undersigned has sufficient knowledge
and experience in investing in companies similar to the Company so as to be
able to evaluate the risks and merits of its investment in the Company.

Dated:

                                      __________________________________________
                                      (Signature must conform in all respects to
                                      name of holder as specified on the face of
                                      Warrant)

                                      __________________________________________
                                      (Street Address)

                                      __________________________________________
                                      (City)                (State)   (Zip Code)

- ---------

(1)  Insert here the number of Warrant Shares into which the Warrant is
convertible (or, in the case of a partial conversion, the number of Warrant
Shares as to which the Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate are then
being converted). In the case of a partial conversion, a new Warrant
Certificate will be issued and delivered, representing the unconverted portion
of the Warrants, to the holder surrendering this Warrant Certificate.

<PAGE>

         The undersigned SkyTerra Communications, Inc. hereby acknowledges
receipt of this Conversion Notice and authorizes issuance of the shares of
Common Stock described above.

SKYTERRA COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

By: _____________________________
Title: __________________________
Date: ___________________________


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exh991a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1 - PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
                                                              Exhibit 99.1




SkyTerra Communications, Inc.               Contact:
19 West 44th Street, Suite 507              Robert Lewis
New York, New York 10036                    Senior Vice President and General
                                            Counsel
                                            212-730-7540
                                            info@skyterracom.com

               SKYTERRA ANNOUNCES $36.5 MILLION PRIVATE PLACEMENT

New York, NY December 27, 2004 - SkyTerra Communications, Inc. (OTC: SKYT)
today announced that, on December 23, 2004, it completed the sale of 2,000,000
shares of its common stock to a group of institutional investors at $18.25 per
share. SkyTerra received gross proceeds of $36.5 million which it expects to
use for general corporate purposes including future opportunities.

The sale of these shares was not registered under the Securities Act and the
shares may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an
applicable exemption from registration requirements. The shares were offered
and sold pursuant to the exemption from registration afforded by Rule 506 under
the Securities Act and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act.

SkyTerra also announced that it expects to seek relisting on the Nasdaq
National Market during the first half of 2005 as a result of the increase in
stockholders' equity resulting from the transaction.

In connection with this sale, SkyTerra entered into a registration rights
agreement with the investors requiring that, among other things, SkyTerra
register the resale of the shares. If SkyTerra does not meet certain deadlines
between June 30, 2005 and December 31, 2005 with respect to making the
registration effective, then warrants, which were issued to the investors in
connection with the transaction, to purchase up to an additional 600,000 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of $18.25 per share will vest and be
exercisable at any time through December 23, 2009. The number of warrants that
vest, if any, will depend on when the registration statement becomes effective.
If SkyTerra meets the June 30, 2005 deadline and otherwise complies with
certain registration obligations, none of the warrants will vest. In connection
with the transaction, SkyTerra also issued a warrant to purchase 110,000 shares
at an exercise price of $18.25 per share to the placement agent, which is
exercisable at any time through December 23, 2009.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of
an offer to buy common stock. This press release is being issued pursuant to
and in accordance with Rule135c under the Securities Act.

Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
- ---------------------------------------------


This document includes certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Important factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied
by these forward-looking statements include the ability to manage and deploy
our cash successfully, our ability to manage the costs of our businesses and
our ability to regain listing on the Nasdaq National Market or Nasdaq Small Cap
Market. Additional factors are detailed in the documents filed by the Company
with the Securities and Exchange Commission including but not limited to those
contained under the Risk Factors section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30,
2004 and the description of certain risk factors relating to the Company and
its business disclosed on Form 8-k filed by the Company with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on December 27, 2004. The Company assumes no obligation to
update any such forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes
in risks, uncertainties or assumptions underlying or affecting such statements
or for prospective events that may have a retroactive effect.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ny567256.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>

                                                             Exhibit 99.2



Risk Factors

         You should carefully consider the risks described below in evaluating
our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below supplement those
risk factors identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2003. It is important to note that these are not the only risks
and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us may also negatively impact our operations and business.
If we do not successfully address any of the risks described below, there could
be a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and
business, and the trading price of our common stock may decline. We cannot
assure you that we will successfully address these risks.

Risks relating to our common stock generally

         Fluctuations in our financial performance could adversely affect the
trading price of our common stock.

         Our financial results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of
factors, many of which are outside of our control, including:

     o   risks and uncertainties affecting the current and proposed business of
         Mobile Satellite Venture, L.P., or the MSV Joint Venture, a joint
         venture which provides mobile digital voice and data communications
         services via satellite, and the mobile satellite services industry;

     o   risks and uncertainties associated with our agreement to acquire a 50%
         interest in Hughes Network Systems, LLC, or HNS, a newly formed
         limited liability company that will acquire substantially all of the
         assets and liabilities of Hughes Network Systems, Inc., a wholly owned
         subsidiary of The DirecTV Group, Inc.;

     o   increased competition in the mobile satellite services industry;

     o   competition in the very small aperture terminal, or VSAT, business.

     o   general economic conditions.

         As a result of these possible fluctuations, period-to-period
comparisons of our financial results may not be reliable indicators of future
performance.

   We had an accumulated deficit of approximately $532 million as of September
   30, 2004 and our history of operating losses is expected to continue.

         We have incurred substantial losses since our inception and
significant losses are expected to continue into the foreseeable future. We
incurred net losses of approximately $718,000 for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2003 and net losses of approximately $3,525,000 for the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2004. We had an accumulated deficit of
approximately $532 million as of September 30, 2004.

   The price of our common stock has been volatile.

         The market price of our common stock has been, and is likely to
continue to be, volatile, experiencing wide fluctuations. In recent years, the
stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that
have particularly affected the market prices of equity securities of many
companies in the technology sector. Future market movements may materially and
adversely affect the market price of our common stock, particularly in light of
the diminished liquidity of our common stock as a result of our delisting from
the Nasdaq National Market.

   Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, which limits the
   liquidity and could negatively affect the value of our common stock.

         Since January 30, 2003, following our delisting from the Nasdaq
National Market, price quotations have been available on the OTC Bulletin
Board. Delisting from the Nasdaq National Market resulted in a reduction in the
liquidity of our common stock. This lack of liquidity may also make it more
difficult for us to raise additional capital, if necessary, through equity
financings. In addition, the delisting of our common stock from the Nasdaq
National Market resulted in an event of non-compliance under the provisions of
our preferred stock. As we have been unable to obtain a waiver of this event of
non-compliance, Apollo Investment Fund IV, L.P., Apollo Overseas Partners IV,
L.P., AIF IV/RRRR LLC and AP/RM Acquisition LLC, or collectively, the Apollo
Stockholders, are entitled to elect a majority of the members of our board of
directors.

   We do not intend to pay dividends on shares of our common stock in the
foreseeable future.

         We currently expect to retain our future earnings, if any, for use in
the operation and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any
cash dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable future.

   The issuance of preferred stock or additional common stock may adversely
affect our stockholders.

         Our board of directors has the authority to issue up to 10,000,000
shares of our preferred stock and to determine the terms, including voting
rights, of those shares without any further vote or action by our common
stockholders. The voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock
will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders
of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. Similarly, our board
may issue additional shares of common stock without any further vote or action
by our common stockholders, which would have the effect of diluting common
stockholders. An issuance could occur in the context of another public or
private offering of shares of common stock or preferred stock or in a situation
where the common stock or preferred stock is used to acquire the assets or
stock of another company. The issuance of common stock or preferred stock,
while providing desirable flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions,
investments and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of delaying,
deferring or preventing a change in control.

   Anti-takeover provisions could make a third-party acquisition of our company
difficult.

         We are a Delaware corporation. The Delaware General Corporation Law
contains provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to
acquire control of our company. In addition, the holders of our preferred stock
have certain rights which could prevent or impair the ability of a third party
to acquire control of the company.

   Shares eligible for future sale could cause our stock price to decline.

         The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of
future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or the perception that
such sales could occur. Furthermore, our preferred stock and Series 1-A and 2-A
warrants have the right to require us to register the shares of common stock
underlying these securities, which may facilitate their sale of shares in the
public market.

   We may suffer adverse consequences if we are deemed to be an investment
company.

         We may suffer adverse consequences if we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. A company may be
deemed to be an investment company if it owns investment securities with a
value exceeding 40% of its total assets, subject to certain exclusions. Some
investments made by us may constitute investment securities under the
Investment Company Act of 1940. If we were to be deemed an investment company,
we would become subject to registration and regulation as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940. If we failed to do so, we would be
prohibited from engaging in business or issuing our securities and might be
subject to civil and criminal penalties for noncompliance. In addition, certain
of our contracts might be voidable, and a court-appointed receiver could take
control of our company and liquidate our business. If we registered as an
investment company, we would be subject to restrictions regarding our
operations, investments, capital structure, governance and reporting of our
results of operations, among other things, and our ability to operate as we
have in the past would be adversely affected.

         Although our investment securities currently do not comprise more than
40% of our assets, fluctuations in the value of these securities or of our
other assets may cause this limit not to be satisfied. Unless an exclusion or
safe harbor were available to us, in certain circumstances, we would have to
attempt to reduce our investment securities as a percentage of our total assets
in order to avoid becoming subject to the requirements of the Investment
Company Act of 1940. This reduction can be attempted in a number of ways,
including the disposition of investment securities and the acquisition of
non-investment security assets. If we were required to sell investment
securities, we may sell them sooner than we otherwise would. These sales may be
at depressed prices, and we may never realize anticipated benefits from, or may
incur losses on, these investments. Some investments may not be sold due to
contractual or legal restrictions or the inability to locate a suitable buyer.
Moreover, we may incur tax liabilities when we sell assets. We may also be
unable to purchase additional investment securities that may be important to
our operating strategy. If we decide to acquire non-investment security assets,
we may not be able to identify and acquire suitable assets and businesses.

   Compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public
disclosure may result in additional expenses.

         Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate
governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, is
creating uncertainty for companies such as ours. We are committed to
maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure. As a
result, we intend to invest reasonably necessary resources to comply with
evolving standards, and this investment may result in increased general and
administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from
assisting the MSV Joint Venture and HNS in revenue-generating activities to
compliance activities, which could harm our business prospects.

   The Apollo Stockholders beneficially own a large percentage of our voting
stock.

         As of December 10, 2004, the Apollo Stockholders owned 1,745,375
shares of our voting common stock, all of the 8,990,212 shares of our
non-voting common stock, all of the 1,199,007 outstanding shares of our
preferred stock and all of our outstanding Series 1-A and Series 2-A warrants.
Assuming that all currently outstanding shares of our preferred stock are
converted and all Series 1-A warrants and Series 2-A warrants are exercised, as
of December 10, 2004, the Apollo Stockholders beneficially own approximately
74.9% of our outstanding common stock and 51.0% of our outstanding voting
power. As long as the Apollo Stockholders own at least 100,000 shares of the
preferred stock, we are precluded from taking various corporate actions and
entering into various transactions without the Apollo Stockholders' consent. In
addition, voting as a separate class, the Apollo Stockholders have the right to
elect two of the members of our board of directors and have certain approval
rights with respect to additional members of our board of directors in the
event that the size of our board of directors is increased. Furthermore, the
delisting of our common stock from the Nasdaq National Market resulted in an
event of non-compliance under the provisions of our preferred stock. As a
result, the Apollo Stockholders have the right to elect the majority of our
board of directors. In addition to being entitled to 975,000 votes with respect
to the preferred stock, the Apollo Stockholders have agreed that the 474,427
shares of voting common stock acquired in the July 2002 tender offer which
would otherwise entitle them to cast more than 29.9% of our voting power will
be voted pro-rata with all other votes cast by the holders of voting common
stock.

         Because of the Apollo Stockholders' large percentage of ownership and
their rights as holders of preferred stock, the Apollo Stockholders have
significant influence over our management and policies, such as the election of
our directors, the appointment of new management and the approval of any other
action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including any amendments to
our certificate of incorporation and mergers or sales of all or substantially
all of our assets. In addition, the level of the Apollo Stockholders' ownership
of our shares of common stock and these rights could have the effect of
discouraging or impeding an unsolicited acquisition proposal.

   The Apollo Stockholders are entitled to quarterly cash dividends.

         In accordance with the terms of our preferred stock, the Apollo
Stockholders are entitled to receive quarterly cash dividends at an annual rate
of 4.65% of the then current face value to be paid quarterly in arrears
commencing with the three months ended September 30, 2004. While we had cash,
cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $60 million as of
November 30, 2004, we have committed $50 million in connection with our
purchase of a 50% interest in HNS, and such dividend payment will be
approximately $5.6 million per year through the mandatory redemption on June
30, 2012 or such earlier time as the terms of the preferred stock are
renegotiated. There can be no assurance that we will be able to meet these
quarterly dividend obligations from existing cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments. Even if we are able to satisfy these obligations, the
effect of such payments on our cash position may adversely affect our ability
to meet our operational payment obligations. We may be required to raise
additional capital to meet these obligations or to otherwise reach an agreement
with the Apollo Stockholders to modify the terms of these obligations.

Risks relating to the industries in which the MSV Joint Venture and HNS operate

   Our business is subject to general economic conditions. Future economic
   downturns could have an adverse impact on HNS and the MSV Joint Venture.

         Our business is subject to fluctuations based upon the general
economic conditions in North America and, to a lesser extent, the global
economy. Future general economic downturns or a continued recession in the
United States could substantially reduce the demand for satellite
communications services, thereby reducing the value of HNS or the MSV Joint
Venture. A further deterioration in existing economic conditions could
therefore materially and adversely affect our financial condition, operating
results and business.

   Governmental regulation of the mobile satellite services industry could
   negatively impact the value of our interest in the MSV Joint Venture.

         Currently, we are not subject to any direct governmental regulation
other than the securities laws and regulations applicable to all publicly owned
companies and laws and regulations applicable to businesses generally. The
mobile satellite services business of the MSV Joint Venture, however, is
subject to extensive government regulation in the United States and Canada.
Unlike some satellite services where a satellite licensee is granted an
exclusive right to a predetermined amount of spectrum for a definite time
period, L-band spectrum historically has been shared among five different
licensees (Solidaridad in Mexico, TMI Communications, Inc., or TMI, in Canada,
Motient Corporation, or Motient, in the U.S., the Russian Federation, and
Inmarsat), and these five licensees have agreed to coordinate their spectrum
needs on an annual basis and divide the available L-band spectrum among
themselves. Among other considerations, prior usage of the L-band to provide
service is one factor determining the allotment to each licensee on an annual
basis. Notwithstanding the agreement among these five licensees to coordinate
annually their spectrum usage in the L-band, the five licensees currently
continue to operate pursuant to a coordination agreement reached in Mexico City
in 1995 and annual coordination meetings have not been held since 1999. Motient
and TMI were licensed by their respective communications regulatory agencies
many years ago to use L-band spectrum in their respective countries. Following
FCC and Industry Canada consent, Motient and TMI assigned their respective
L-band satellite licenses to the MSV Joint Venture. The MSV Joint Venture
cannot be assured that it will have access to sufficient L-band spectrum to
meet its needs in the future pursuant to this annual coordination process.
Moreover, Inmarsat has vigorously opposed the approval of ancillary terrestrial
components, or ATC, in the L-band, which may complicate the annual coordination
process for spectrum in the L-band.

         Several companies were authorized by the FCC to use mobile earth
terminals in the U.S. over the Inmarsat L-band satellites. These authorizations
could increase the demand for and usage of the L-band by Inmarsat, which in
turn could increase Inmarsat's demand for L-band spectrum pursuant to the
annual coordination process in the L-band. The FCC further proposed that any
new spectrum that becomes available in the L-band may be awarded to competing
mobile satellite services providers. If the FCC adopts this proposal, the MSV
Joint Venture could face increased competition in the mobile satellite services
marketplace.

         Furthermore, the MSV Joint Venture's ability to operate ATCs is
subject to the ATC Order and general FCC oversight and approval. If the MSV
Joint Venture is unable to implement an ATC due to restrictions imposed by the
FCC or otherwise, the MSV Joint Venture's business will be severely limited and
the value of our interest in the MSV Joint Venture will be significantly and
negatively impacted.

   If the FCC does not further modify certain restrictions contained in the ATC
   Order, it could have negative consequences on the nature of the MSV Joint
   Venture's ATC implementation which could negatively impact the value of our
   interest in the MSV Joint Venture.

         The FCC's authorization of ATC for the mobile satellite services bands
and approval of the MSV Joint Venture's application to operate an ATC is
subject to limitations and conditions that are designed to ensure the integrity
of the underlying mobile satellite services offering. The MSV Joint Venture has
sought modification of certain restrictions contained in the ATC Order. If the
FCC does not further modify certain of those restrictions, it may negatively
impact the nature of the MSV Joint Venture's ATC implementation which could
negatively impact the value of our interest in the MSV Joint Venture.

   The FCC may amend the initial ATC Order in a manner which has negative
   consequences on our interest in the MSV Joint Venture.

         Terrestrial wireless providers strenuously opposed the FCC's proposal
to grant the ATC Order, claiming that the spectrum held by the mobile satellite
services providers including the MSV Joint Venture is worth billions of dollars
if authorized for terrestrial wireless use. These terrestrial wireless
providers maintain that such spectrum should be auctioned. Their opposition to
the ATC Order is expected to continue and could cause the amendment of the ATC
Order in a manner unfavorable to the MSV Joint Venture and other mobile
satellite services providers. In July 2003, certain terrestrial wireless
providers petitioned the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia to
review the FCC's decision to grant the ATC Order. The petition has been held in
abeyance until the FCC rules on the request for reconsideration filed by the
MSV Joint Venture. In addition, on December 8, 2004, Inmarsat filed an
objection to the FCC's approval of the MSV Joint Venture's application to
operate an ATC. Specifically, Inmarsat alleged the FCC's approval, among other
things, improperly changed the rules by making satellite service ancillary to
terrestrial service, improperly increased permitted base station power, thereby
impairing Inmarsat's coverage and improperly permitted significantly increased
uplink interference with Inmarsat. If the FCC changes certain aspects of the
ATC Order following an appeal or otherwise modifies the MSV Joint Venture ATC
application approval order, the value of the ATC Order and/or the MSV Joint
Venture ATC application approval order may be negatively impacted. While the
MSV Joint Venture along with its members, including us, will continue to deploy
our resources to support the ATC Order and the MSV Joint Venture ATC
application approval order, there can be no assurances that we will be
successful or that such deployment of our resources will not adversely affect
our financial condition, operating results and business.

   If it implements an ATC system, the MSV Joint Venture may face increased
   competition which may have negative consequences on our interest in the MSV
   Joint Venture.

         The ATC Order permits the MSV Joint Venture, which currently operates
in the L-band, as well as the mobile satellite services operators in the Big
LEO band and the S-band, to implement ATCs, subject to meeting the FCC's
conditions. Accordingly, the MSV Joint Venture will likely face serious
competition in the provision of mobile satellite services using an ATC.
Moreover, like the MSV Joint Venture, Inmarsat offers mobile satellite service
in the U.S. using the L-band spectrum. Although Inmarsat has vigorously opposed
the grant of the ATC Order in the L-band - claiming it would cause unacceptable
interference to its satellites, Inmarsat may reconsider its position and seek
approval to incorporate an ATC into its satellite service offerings in the U.S.

         Furthermore, if any competitor of the MSV Joint Venture receives a
more extensive or more favorable approval from the FCC for any application for
an ATC such competitor may seek, the MSV Joint Venture's ability to implement
its business strategy and compete effectively could also be harmed.

   HNS depends heavily on the VSAT market.

         A material portion of the revenues of HNS are derived from sales of
VSAT communications networks. A significant decline in demand for such services
following closing or the replacement of VSAT technology by an alternative
technology could materially harm HNS's business and negatively impact the value
of our common stock.

   If commercial wireless communications markets fail to grow as anticipated,
   our business could be materially harmed.

         A number of the commercial markets for HNS in the wireless
communications area, including the market for broadband products, have only
recently developed. Because these markets are relatively new, it is difficult
to predict the rate at which these markets will grow, if at all. If the markets
for commercial wireless communications products fail to grow, or grow more
slowly than anticipated, the HNS business could be materially harmed.
Conversely, to the extent that growth in these markets results in capacity
limitations in the wireless communications area, it could materially harm HNS
and negatively impact the value of our common stock.

   Our success will depend on the development of new satellite and other
   wireless communications products and acceptance of these products.

         The wireless communications market in general, and the satellite
communications market in particular, are subject to rapid technological change,
frequent new and enhanced product introductions, product obsolescence and
changes in user requirements. Our ability to compete successfully through HNS
in these markets depends on our success in anticipating changes in technology
and applying our expertise and new technology to existing and emerging
satellite and other wireless communications markets. Our ability to compete
through HNS in these markets therefore depends in large part on HNS's ability
to successfully develop, introduce and sell new products and enhancements on a
timely and cost-effective basis that respond to ever-changing customer
requirements. Our ability to successfully introduce new products depends on
several factors, including:

     o   successful integration of various elements of our complex technologies
         and system architectures,

     o   timely completion and introduction of new product designs,

     o   achievement of acceptable product costs,

     o   timely and efficient implementation of our manufacturing and assembly
         processes and cost reduction efforts,

     o   establishment of close working relationships with major customers for
         the design of their new wireless communications systems incorporating
         our products,

     o   development of competitive products by competitors,

     o   marketing and pricing strategies of our competitors with respect to
         competitive products, and

     o   market acceptance of our new products.

         We cannot assure you that HNS's product development efforts for
communications products will be successful or any new products developed in the
future will achieve sufficient market acceptance. HNS may experience
difficulties that could delay or prevent it from successfully selecting,
developing, manufacturing or marketing new products or enhancements. In
addition, defects may be found in HNS products after deliveries commence, which
could result in the delay or loss of market acceptance. If HNS is unable to
design, manufacture, integrate and market profitable new products for existing
or emerging communications markets, it could materially harm the HNS business
and negatively impact the value of our common stock.

Risks relating to the businesses of the MSV Joint Venture and HNS

   The value of our interest in the MSV Joint Venture may never appreciate or
   may decline significantly in the future because the MSV Joint Venture is
   entering a new stage of development and its business involves a high degree
   of risk.

         Our interest in the MSV Joint Venture represents a substantial portion
of the value of our total assets. The value of our investment in the MSV Joint
Venture may never appreciate in value or may decline rapidly in value in the
future. With the FCC's issuance of the ATC Order and approval of the MSV Joint
Venture's application to operate an ATC in the L-Band, subject to certain
conditions, the MSV Joint Venture has entered a new stage of development which
will require significant future funding requirements and/or a need for one or
more strategic partners. The MSV Joint Venture's business is subject to a
number of significant risks and uncertainties, including:

     o   rapid technological change,

     o   intense competition,

     o   extensive government regulation by the FCC in the United States and by
         Industry Canada in Canada, and

     o   the need for additional funding and/or one or more strategic business
         partners.

   The MSV Joint Venture has experienced, and may continue to experience,
   anomalies with its satellites or may face risks with any new satellites that
   it launches which may have negative consequences on our interest in the MSV
   Joint Venture.

         Satellite services face numerous uncertainties that are unique to the
industry. Satellite launches are inherently risky and launch failures occur.
Moreover, once in orbit, satellites can experience failures or technical
anomalies that could damage the ability to provide services to customers. The
MSV Joint Venture's satellites have experienced several anomalies. No assurance
can be given that such anomalies will not impair the MSV Joint Venture's
business or that they will not occur on future satellites. Satellites cannot be
repaired once in orbit and, accordingly, even a technical anomaly short of
total failure of the satellite could limit the usefulness of the satellite. The
MSV Joint Venture's application to incorporate an ATC contemplates that these
services will be provided using one or more next-generation satellites.
Accordingly, the MSV Joint Venture will face the risks attendant with launching
new satellites in the near term should specific authorizations to launch be
received.

   The MSV Joint Venture may be unable to raise the additional capital
   necessary to meet its strategic objectives which may have negative
   consequences on our interest in the MSV Joint Venture.

         The MSV Joint Venture will need to raise additional funds through
public or private debt or equity financings in order to:

     o   implement its business plans;

     o   take advantage of opportunities, including acquisitions of, or
         investments in, businesses or technologies;

     o   develop new services; or

     o   respond to competitive pressures.

      We cannot assure you that any such additional financing will be available
on terms favorable to the MSV Joint Venture, or at all.

   Our ability to acquire a 50% interest in HNS is subject to numerous
   uncertainties.

         On December 3, 2004, we executed a Contribution and Purchase Agreement
to acquire a 50% interest in HNS in exchange for $50 million of cash and
300,000 shares of our common stock. The transaction is subject to customary
closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance
that the transaction will close. For the purposes of all of the risk factors
set forth herein other than this risk factor, we have assumed the successful
consummation of our acquisition of a 50% interest in HNS.

   HNS's business is subject to uncertainties and we may lose our entire
   investment.

         The HNS business involves numerous uncertainties. If we are not
successful in assisting HNS in maintaining or growing its revenues and/or
cannot control its costs, the business could need additional capital which
could require additional indebtedness or sale of further additional equity of
HNS resulting in dilution of our interest in HNS or require additional capital
contributions by us. If such actions are necessary, there can be no assurances
that they will be on terms favorable to us or that they will result in the
business being successful or financially viable. If we are unable to take such
actions, the value of our investment in HNS will be adversely affected or lost.

   If we or HNS lose key personnel or are unable to attract and retain senior
   operation employees, our operations or those at HNS could be materially and
   adversely affected.

         Our success is dependent to a significant extent upon the continuing
efforts, abilities and business generation capabilities of our executive
management team and certain key employees at HNS. While we have programs in
place, and will implement new programs at HNS, to motivate, reward and retain
those individuals, they may be unwilling or unable to continue in their present
positions. The loss or unavailability of any of our executive officers and key
employees at HNS could affect our ability to successfully manage HNS, HNS's
client relationships or new business opportunities and could impede HNS's
ability to implement its business strategy. HNS's success and plans for future
growth will also depend on its ability to hire and retain senior operation
employees. If HNS is not successful in this regard, the value of our investment
in HNS and the value of our common stock will be negatively impacted.

   If HNS is unable to attract, retain and manage its employees, its
   business will suffer.

         HNS's, and our, future performance depends in large part upon HNS's
ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain skilled personnel to fulfill
roles previously played by DirecTV personnel. Qualified employees are in demand
and there is significant competition for these individuals. As a result, HNS
may not be able to attract and retain sufficient numbers of these qualified
individuals in the future, which may adversely affect HNS's future performance
and negatively impact the value of our common stock. Further, there can be no
assurances that the additional personnel that HNS or we hire will work well
together with existing members of our management team and the management team
of HNS.

   The long-term debt obligations of HNS could limit its ability to
   implement its business plan.

         The indebtedness that will be incurred by HNS upon closing of the
transactions contemplated by the Contribution and Purchase Agreement will
exceed $300 million and will contain restrictions that may limit HNS's ability
to finance future operations, respond to changing business and economic
conditions, secure additional financing, and engage in opportunistic
transactions, such as strategic acquisitions.

         HNS's substantial level of indebtedness could have important
consequences to us and our common stock, including the following:

     o   HNS's ability to obtain additional financing for working capital,
         capital expenditures or general corporate purposes may be impaired;

     o   the portion of HNS's cash flow needed to make debt service payments on
         the debt will reduce the funds available to it for other purposes; and

     o   HNS may have a higher level of indebtedness than some of its
         competitors, which may put it at a competitive disadvantage and reduce
         its flexibility in planning for, or responding to, changing conditions
         in our industry, including technological change or increased
         competition.

   HNS's ability to protect proprietary technology is limited and
   infringement claims against HNS could restrict the business.

         HNS's success depends significantly on its ability to protect
proprietary rights to the technologies used in its products and services. If
HNS is unable to protect its proprietary rights adequately, its competitors
could use the intellectual property HNS has developed to enhance their own
products and services, which could materially harm HNS's business and
negatively impact the value of our common stock. HNS currently relies on a
combination of patents, trade secret laws, copyrights, trademarks, service
marks and contractual rights to protect its intellectual property. We cannot
assure you the steps HNS has taken to protect its proprietary rights are
adequate. Also, we cannot assure you that HNS's issued patents will remain
valid or that any pending patent applications will be issued. Additionally, the
laws of some foreign countries in which HNS products are or may be sold do not
protect its intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of
the United States.

         Litigation may often be necessary to protect HNS's intellectual
property rights and trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the
proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or
invalidity. We believe infringement, invalidity, right to use or ownership
claims by third parties or claims for indemnification resulting from
infringement claims will likely be asserted against HNS in the future. If any
claims or actions are asserted against HNS, it may seek to obtain a license
under a third party's intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you,
however, that a license will be available under reasonable terms or at all.
Litigation of intellectual property claims could be extremely expensive and
time consuming, which could materially harm HNS's business, regardless of the
outcome of the litigation. If HNS's products are found to infringe upon the
rights of third parties, it may be forced to incur substantial costs to develop
alternative products. We cannot assure you that HNS would be able to develop
alternative products or, if these alternative products were developed, they
would perform as required or be accepted in the applicable markets. If HNS is
unable to address any of the risks described above relating to the protection
of its proprietary rights, it could materially harm HNS's business and
negatively impact the value of our common stock.

   Because we will be conducting significantly more business internationally
   through HNS, we will face additional risks related to foreign currency
   fluctuation as well as global political and economic conditions.

         HNS has a significant international operation. HNS's international
sales account for a significant percentage of its revenues. Many of these
international sales may be denominated in foreign currencies. Because HNS does
not currently engage in nor do we anticipate engaging in material foreign
currency hedging transactions, a decrease in the value of foreign currencies
relative to the U.S. dollar could result in losses from transactions
denominated in foreign currencies or the repatriation of revenues earned
outside of the U.S. This decrease in value could also make HNS's products less
price-competitive.

         There are additional risks in conducting business internationally,
including:

     o   unexpected changes in regulatory requirements,

     o   increased cost of localizing systems in foreign countries,

     o   increased sales and marketing and research and development expenses,

     o   availability of suitable export financing,

     o   timing and availability of export licenses,

     o   tariffs and other trade barriers,

     o   political and economic instability,

     o   challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations and ensuring
         compliance with U.S. and foreign regulations,

     o   difficulties in managing distributors,

     o   potentially adverse tax consequences,

     o   potential difficulty in making adequate payment arrangements, and

     o   potential difficulty in collecting accounts receivable.

         In addition, some of our customer purchase agreements are governed by
foreign laws, which may differ significantly from U.S. laws. We may be limited
in our ability to enforce our rights under these agreements and to collect
damages, if awarded. If we are unable to address any of the risks described
above, it could materially harm our business and negatively impact the value of
our common stock.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
