-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Flplfnj3viRdFdcdK1I7X/iZQDTmmQZmNUQ2SSzTIPBX1aXUzOLMuHZT+7AMIVv8
 bo0jD4s7OGp7Xao5xZ3eUg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001144204-04-023052.txt : 20041229
<SEC-HEADER>0001144204-04-023052.hdr.sgml : 20041229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041229170302
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-04-023052
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041222
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AGU Entertainment Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001168932
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS SERVICES [7380]
		IRS NUMBER:				841557072
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-86244
		FILM NUMBER:		041231704

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11077 BISCAYNE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33161
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-899-6100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11077 BISCAYNE BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33161

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LEXINGTON BARRON TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020312
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>v010420.txt
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                              WASHINGTON, DC 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                             CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT

                          TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE

                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

     Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):  December 22, 2004
                                                      -------------------

                             AGU Entertainment Corp.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

                                    Delaware

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

        005-79752                                        84-1557072
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Commission File Number)                      (IRS Employer Identification No.)


  3200 West Oakland Park Blvd., Lauderdale Lakes, Florida                33311
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                     (Zip Code)

                                 (954) 714-8100

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

                                       N/A

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

     Check the  appropriate  box below if the Form 8-K  filing  is  intended  to
simultaneously  satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

     |_| Written  communications  pursuant to Rule 425 under the  Securities Act
(17 CFR 230.425)

     |_| Soliciting  material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12)

     |_|  Pre-commencement  communications  pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)  under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     |_|  Pre-commencement  communications  pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)  under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
<PAGE>

                           FORWARD- LOOKING STATEMENTS

     This report may include a number of  "forward-looking  statements"  as that
term is defined in Section  27A of the  Securities  Act and  Section  21E of the
Securities   Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended.   These  statements  reflect
management's   current  views  with  respect  to  future  events  and  financial
performance  and include  statements  regarding  the  intent,  belief or current
expectations  of us  and  members  of  our  management  team,  as  well  as  the
assumptions  on which such  statements  are  based.  Prospective  investors  are
cautioned that any such forward-looking  statements are not guarantees of future
performance,  involve risk and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ
materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking  statements.  Readers
are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in
this  report  and in our other  reports  filed with the SEC.  Important  factors
currently  known to management  could cause actual results to differ  materially
from those in forward-looking  statements.  We undertake no obligation to update
or  revise  forward-looking  statements  to  reflect  changed  assumptions,  the
occurrence of unanticipated  events or changes in the future  operating  results
over time.  We believe  that our  assumptions  are based  upon  reasonable  data
derived from and known about our business and operations.

ITEM 1.01    ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.

         On December 22, 2004, we entered into a Securities  Purchase Agreement,
effective as of December 20, 2004 (the "Securities  Purchase  Agreement"),  with
Mitchell  Entertainment  Company,  a Delaware  limited  liability  company  (the
"Lender"),  pursuant to which we issued to the Lender a secured convertible term
note in the aggregate  principal amount of $3,000,000 (the "Note") and a warrant
to purchase up to  2,000,000  shares of our common stock (the  "Warrant")  at an
initial  exercise  price of $2.00 per share.  In connection  with the closing of
this loan  transaction,  we incurred  issuance costs of approximately  $200,000,
which  includes  the  reimbursement  to the  Lender  for its costs and  expenses
(including  legal  fees)  related to the loan  transaction  and a finders fee of
$60,000 paid to Palmetto Services, Inc., an affiliate of the Lender.

         The Note bears interest at 10% per annum, payable monthly commencing on
January 1, 2005. The maturity date of the Note is December 19, 2006,  subject to
the Lender's right to (a) extend the maturity date if we do not satisfy  certain
financial  covenants or (b) to call the Note upon our failure to satisfy certain
financial  conditions  or the  cessation  of  the  active  participation  in our
business of certain key persons.  In  addition,  the Lender has the right at any
time to convert the  principal  amount of the Note,  together  with interest due
thereon, into shares of our common stock at an initial conversion price of $1.50
per share.  At any time after  December 16, 2005, we have the right to cause the
Lender to convert  the entire  principal  amount of the Note into  shares of our
common stock provided:

      o     all shares to be acquired by the Lender are freely tradable  without
            restriction whatsoever,

      o     the  principal  market for our  common  stock is either the NASD OTC
            Bulletin  Board,  the NASDAQ  SmallCap  Market,  the National Market
            System, the American Stock Exchange or the New York Stock Exchange,

      o     our common stock must have closed on the principal market at a price
            of not less than $5.00 per share for ninety (90) consecutive trading
            days within the one hundred  (100) trading days  terminating  on the
            last  trading  day prior to the date of  delivery  of the  mandatory
            conversion notice to the Lender,
<PAGE>

      o     we deliver  to the  Lender a  certificate  of our  President,  Chief
            Financial Officer and Secretary confirming that none of such persons
            knows of any fact or circumstance affecting us that would reasonably
            and foreseeably  cause the closing price of our common stock to fall
            below $5.00 per share  during the next thirty (30)  trading  days on
            the principal market, and

      o     no  event  of  default  (as  defined  in  the  Note)  exists  and is
            continuing.

The Note may be pre-paid in part or in full at any time, subject to the Lender's
right to purchase our common stock at the  conversion  price of the Note. In the
event of the  occurrence  and  continuance of an event of default (as defined in
the Note) we are required to pay the Lender a default interest rate equal to 18%
per annum.  Upon an event of default and after any applicable grace period,  the
Lender may  declare all  outstanding  principal,  interest  and other fees to be
immediately  due and payable.  The Warrant is  exercisable  through the close of
business on the later of (a) December  31, 2009 or (b) the maturity  date of the
Note. Both the Note and the Warrant provide for anti-dilution  protection in the
event we issue  shares of our  common  stock at a per share  price less than the
conversion price of the Note and/or exercise price of the Warrant,  in the event
we issue additional shares of our common stock as a dividend or distribution; in
the event we subdivide or combine our common  stock;  or in the event our EBITDA
for the quarter ended September 30, 2006 is not at least $5,000,000. The Warrant
also  provides  that  if the SEC  does  not  declare  effective  a  registration
statement  covering the shares of common  stock  issuable  upon  exercise of the
Warrant  within the time periods set forth below,  the number of shares that the
holder  of the  Warrant  will be  entitled  to  receive  upon  exercise  will be
increased by 20,000 shares for each 30 day period of delay (prorated for partial
periods) at the exercise price in effect immediately prior to such increase.

         We issued the Note and the Warrant in reliance upon Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities  Act"),  and/or Regulation D
of the Securities Act. We intend to issue any shares upon conversion of the Note
or exercise of the Warrant in reliance  upon Section  3(a)(9) of the  Securities
Act,  Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, and/or  Regulation D of the Securities
Act.  These  securities  may not be offered or sold in the United  States in the
absence  of  an  effective   registration   statement  or  exemption   from  the
registration  requirements  under the Securities Act. An appropriate  legend has
been  placed on the Note and  Warrant  issued,  and will be placed on the shares
issued upon the conversion of the Note and exercise of the Warrant.

         In  connection  with the issuance and sale of the Note and Warrant,  on
December 22, 2004 we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement,  effective as
of December  20, 2004 (the  "Registration  Rights  Agreement"),  with the Lender
pursuant to which we agreed to (i) file a shelf registration  statement covering
the resale of the shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of the
Note and  exercise  of the Warrant no later than April 30, 2005 and (ii) use our
reasonable  commercial  efforts  to  cause  such  registration  statement  to be
declared  effective no later than 180 days after December 20, 2004. With respect
to the shares of our common stock  issuable  upon the  anti-dilution  provisions
contained  in the Note and the Warrant,  we agreed to file a shelf  registration
statement no later than 30 days after the occurrence of such an issuance and use
<PAGE>

our reasonable  commercial  efforts to cause such  registration  statement to be
declared  effective  no later than 45 days  after the filing  date of such shelf
registration statement.  In addition,  pursuant to the terms of the Registration
Rights  Agreement,  we must use our  reasonable  commercial  efforts to keep the
shelf registration  statements  continuously  effective under the Securities Act
until the earlier of when (i) all the securities registered thereunder have been
sold or (ii)  all the  securities  thereunder  may be sold  immediately  without
registration under the Securities Act and without volume  restrictions  pursuant
to Rule 144(k)  under the  Securities  Act. We also  granted  certain  piggyback
registration rights pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement. If we fail to
meet certain of our obligations  under the Registration  Rights  Agreement,  the
Registration  Rights  Agreement  provides  that we must  pay to the  holders  of
registrable  securities  (as  defined  in  the  Registration  Rights  Agreement)
liquidated  damages in the form of a cash  payment  equal to .5% of the original
principal  amount  of the Note  for each 30 day  period  (prorated  for  partial
periods) for which we are in default of the Registration  Rights Agreement until
the applicable default is cured.

         As  reported  on our  Current  Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
November 30, 2004, the above described loan transaction was conditioned upon our
acquisition  of the real property  located at 3200 West Oakland Park  Boulevard,
Lauderdale Lakes, Florida (the "Lauderdale Property").  On December 22, 2004, we
entered into a Mortgage Deed and Security Agreement,  Master Security Agreement,
and  Assignment of Rents,  Leases and Deposits each of which was effective as of
December  20,  2004 with the Lender  pursuant  to which our  obligations  to the
Lender under the Note and related agreements are secured by a second mortgage on
the  Lauderdale  Property  (including  all of our rights  title and  interest as
lessor in and to all leases or rental  arrangements of the Lauderdale  Property)
and   substantially  all  of  our  assets  and  the  assets  and  stock  of  our
subsidiaries. On December 22, 2004, the Lender and the Seller (as defined below)
also entered into a Subordination Agreement,  effective as of December 20, 2004,
which was agreed to,  accepted  and  acknowledged  by us,  pursuant to which the
parties agreed that the Lender's  mortgage on the Lauderdale  Property and other
obligations  due from us to the  Lender  shall be  subordinate  to the  Seller's
mortgage on the  Lauderdale  Property and other  obligations  due from us to the
Seller.

         As an additional inducement to the Lender, on December 22, 2004 we also
entered into an Environmental Indemnity Agreement,  effective as of December 20,
2004,  with the Lender  pursuant  to which we agreed  to,  among  other  things,
indemnify the Lender against any claims,  losses, fines,  penalties,  judgments,
damages,  costs or expenses (including  attorney's fees, consultant fees, expert
fees) and all other  liabilities  arising out of or resulting from activities on
the Lauderdale Property involving toxic materials or the improper  installation,
maintenance or removal of any underground storage tank.

        All of the documents described above are filed herewith as exhibits and
are incorporated  herein by reference.  The summary of the transaction set forth
above is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibits.

        See also the disclosure contained in Item 2.01.
<PAGE>

ITEM 2.01    COMPLETION OF ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS.

         On December 22, 2004,  pursuant to the Agreement for Purchase and Sale,
effective as of September 10, 2004, as amended by the Amendment for Purchase and
Sale, effective as of October 25, 2004, and Amendment No. 2 to the Agreement for
Purchase and Sale,  effective as November 30, 2004 (together,  the "Agreement"),
with Charley Zeches,  in her capacity as trustee of Lakes Holding Trust U/A (the
"Seller"),  we purchased  the  Lauderdale  Property.  The purchase  price of the
Lauderdale Property consisted of Eight Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($860,000)
in cash  paid at or prior  to  closing,  a  convertible  promissory  note in the
principal amount of Seven Million Dollars ($7,000,000) and 312,500 shares of our
common stock.

         The  purchase  price was paid as follows:  (i) we made a deposit in the
amount of One Hundred  Thousand  Dollars  ($100,000) on September 14, 2004 which
was released  from escrow on or about October 25, 2004,  (ii) we issued  250,000
shares of our common stock to Elizabeth Buntrock, an affiliate of the Seller, on
or about  October 25, 2004 in reliance upon Section 4(2) of the  Securities  Act
and/or  Regulation  D  of  the  Securities  Act,  which  shares  have  piggyback
registration rights, (iii) we paid Six Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($650,000)
to the Seller at the closing,  (iv) we issued a convertible  promissory  note to
the Seller in the principal amount of Seven Million Dollars  ($7,000,000) at the
closing, (v) we issued 25,000 shares of our common stock on or about October 25,
2004 to Elizabeth Buntrock,  in reliance upon Section 4(2) of the Securities Act
and/or  Regulation  D under the  Securities  Act,  which  shares have  piggyback
registration rights, (vi) we paid Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) to the Seller
on October 29, 2004,  (vii) we paid  Twenty-Two  Thousand  Five Hundred  Dollars
($22,500) to the Seller on November 10, 2004,  (viii) we issued 37,500 shares of
our  common  stock on or about  December  14,  2004 to  Elizabeth  Buntrock,  in
reliance upon Section 4(2) of the Securities  Act and/or  Regulation D under the
Securities  Act, which shares have piggyback  registration  rights,  and (ix) we
paid  Thirty-Seven  Thousand  Five  Hundred  Dollars  ($37,500) to the Seller on
November 29, 2004. The purchase price described above includes  $100,000 in cash
and  62,500  shares of our  common  stock  issued in  connection  with  Seller's
agreeing  to extend the closing  date of this  transaction  beyond the  original
close date that had been contemplated in the Agreement.

         The  Seller  may,  at any  time,  convert  all or  any  portion  of the
promissory  note described above into shares of our common stock at a conversion
price of $2.50 per share  (subject  to certain  adjustments).  Any shares of our
common  stock  issued  upon  conversion  will be issued in  reliance  on Section
3(a)(9)  of the  Securities  Act,  Section  4(2) of the  Securities  Act  and/or
Regulation  D of the  Securities  Act and will  include  piggyback  registration
rights.  Subject to the Seller's right of conversion,  we may prepay all amounts
owing under the promissory  note without  penalty.  The promissory  note accrues
interest at an annual rate of 6.5%,  payable  monthly  commencing  on January 1,
2005 and shall mature on November 1, 2005. At the closing,  we deposited into an
escrow  account a prepayment of interest and estimated  real estate taxes in the
amount of One Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars ($150,000). We will deposit into an
escrow account,  additional quarterly prepayments of interest and estimated real
estate  taxes,  each in the amount of One Hundred  Forty-Five  Thousand  Dollars
($145,000)  on  January  25,  2005,  April 25,  2005 and August  25,  2005.  The
<PAGE>

promissory  note also  requires  that a  principal  payment in the amount of Two
Hundred Fifty Thousand  Dollars  ($250,000) be paid on April 25, 2005. If we are
delinquent in any payments  required under the  promissory  note, we must pay to
the  Seller,  in  addition  to any  interest  or other  sums  payable  under the
promissory  note,  a service  charge  equal to 5% of the  amount of any  payment
received  by the  Seller 10 days or more  after the due date  thereof.  Upon the
occurrence of any other default  under the  promissory  note or under any of the
Loan Documents (as defined in the promissory  note) we shall pay the Seller,  on
demand,  interest on all sums  outstanding at 18% per annum. In the event of the
continuation of any default in the payment of any interest, principal or escrows
under the promissory note for a period of 10 days after due, or in the event the
Seller  deems  itself  insecure  or upon the  occurrence  of any other  event of
default  under  the  promissory  note,  any of the  Loan  Documents,  any  other
documents  delivered to the Seller in connection with the promissory note or any
other  obligation  of us to the  Seller,  then the Seller may declare the entire
outstanding  principal,  interest and other  charges to be  immediately  due and
payable.

         In addition to the aggregate  purchase price, in  consideration  of the
initial  extension of the closing  date,  we issued  25,000 shares of our common
stock on or about  October  25,  2004 to AUW,  Inc.,  which  assisted us and the
Seller in connection with the sale and purchase of the Lauderdale  Property,  in
reliance upon Section 4(2) of the Securities  Act and/or  Regulation D under the
Securities Act, which shares have piggyback  registration  rights.  In addition,
pursuant to the sale  agreements,  we agreed that AUW,  Inc. will be provided an
office  (free of charge as to rent only) in the  Building  through  November 30,
2005.

         On December 22, 2004, we also entered into a Mortgage Deed and Security
Agreement  and  Assignment  of  Rents,  Leases  and  Deposits  each of which was
effective  as of  December  20,  2004  with the  Seller  pursuant  to which  our
obligations to the Seller under the promissory  note and related  agreements are
secured by a mortgage on the  Lauderdale  Property  (including all of our rights
title and interest as lessor in and to all leases or rental  arrangements of the
Lauderdale Property).

         The  material  terms of this  transaction  previously  disclosed in our
current  reports on Forms 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20, 2004,  October
29, 2004 and December 14, 2004 are incorporated herein by reference.  All of the
documents  described  above are filed  herewith as  exhibits or were  previously
filed with the SEC and are incorporated herein by reference.  The summary of the
transaction  set forth above is  qualified  in its entirety by reference to such
exhibits.

ITEM 2.03    CREATION OF DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION UNDER AN
OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENT.

         See the  disclosure  contained  in Item  1.01 and 2.01  above  and 3.02
below.

ITEM 3.02    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

         On each of October 8, 2004, October 12, 2004, October 13, 2004, October
15, 2004,  October 19, 2004,  November 2, 2004,  November 9, 2004,  November 16,
2004,  November 18, 2004,  November  23, 2004,  November 29, 2004,  November 30,
2004,  December 3, 2004,  December 6, 2004,  December 7, 2004, December 8, 2004,
December 9, 2004 and December 15, 2004,  we entered into  separate  Subscription
<PAGE>

Agreements with several accredited  investors.  Pursuant to such agreements,  we
issued  (i)  convertible  promissory  notes in  aggregate  principal  amount  of
$675,000,  which  notes  accrue  interest  at an annual  rate of 10%,  mature in
October,  November  or December of 2006,  and are  convertible  at any time into
shares of common  stock at a  conversion  price of $3.00 per  share,  subject to
certain  adjustments,  and (ii)  warrants to purchase  an  aggregate  of 132,335
shares of our common stock at an exercise  price of $3.00 per share,  subject to
certain  adjustments.  We have the right to cause  each  holder  of  convertible
promissory  notes  described above to convert his, her or its notes in the event
the market closing price of our common stock is greater than $5.00 per share for
more than 20 consecutive  trading days at anytime during the term of his, her or
its note. If any required  payment under a  convertible  promissory  note is not
paid within 15 days from and  including  its due date,  then in such event,  all
past due amounts  under such  convertible  promissory  note will be subject to a
late  penalty of five cents on every dollar  owed.  If we fail to pay  principal
and/or  interest  on the date on which it  falls  due or to  perform  any of the
agreements,  conditions,  covenants,  provisions, or stipulations contained in a
convertible  promissory  note,  then the holder of such note, at his, her or its
option may declare  immediately  due and payable  the entire  unpaid  balance of
principal with interest from the date of default at the rate of 10% per year. In
such case, the holder of the note may also recover all costs in connection  with
suit, a reasonable  attorney's fee for collection,  and interest on any judgment
obtained  by such  holder  at the rate of 10% per  year.  The  warrants  are all
immediately  exercisable  and  mature two years  from the date of  issuance.  We
issued the  aforementioned  securities  in  reliance  upon  Section  4(2) of the
Securities Act and/or Regulation D of the Securities Act. We intend to issue any
shares upon  conversion  or exercise of the  securities in reliance upon Section
3(a)(9) of the  Securities  Act,  Section  4(2) of the  Securities  Act,  and/or
Regulation D of the Securities Act. These  securities may not be offered or sold
in the United  States in the absence of an effective  registration  statement or
exemption  from the  registration  requirements  under the  Securities  Act.  An
appropriate  legend has been placed on the securities issued, and will be placed
on the shares  issued upon the  conversion or exercise (as  applicable)  of such
securities.   The  security  issuances   described  in  this  paragraph  include
convertible promissory notes in aggregate principal amount of $228,000 disclosed
in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004 as
being issued in October and November 2004.

         As previously  disclosed in our  Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter  ended  September  30, 2004,  we also issued (i) on October 30, 2004, an
aggregate of 889,827 shares of common stock to an individual  upon conversion of
certain  promissory  notes in aggregate  principal  amount of  $2,599,000,  plus
accrued  interest of $70,480,  at a conversion price of $3.00 per share and (ii)
on  November  3,  2004,  41,000  shares of common  stock to an  individual  upon
conversion of a convertible  promissory  note in aggregate  principal  amount of
$50,000  plus  accrued  interest.  We issued the  aforementioned  securities  in
reliance  upon  Section  3(a)(9),  Section  4(2) of the  Securities  Act  and/or
Regulation D of the Securities Act.

         See also the  disclosure  in Item  1.01 and 2.01  above.  The  security
issuances  described  in Item 2.01  include  300,000  shares of our common stock
which we  previously  disclosed  in our  Quarterly  Report  on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended  September  30, 2004 as being issued  during  October and November
2004.
<PAGE>

ITEM 9.01         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

         (c) Exhibits.

            4.1 Secured Convertible Term Note issued by AGU Entertainment Corp.,
The Tube Music Network, Inc. and Pyramid Records International, Inc. to Mitchell
Entertainment Company.

            4.2 Common Stock Purchase Warrant of AGU Entertainment  Corp. issued
to Mitchell Entertainment Company.

            4.3  Promissory  Note issued by AGU  Entertainment  Corp. to Charley
Zeches, in her capacity as trustee of Lakes Holding Trust U/A.

            10.1  Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  effective as of December 20,
2004,  by and among AGU  Entertainment  Corp.,  The Tube  Music  Network,  Inc.,
Pyramid Records International, Inc. and Mitchell Entertainment Company. AGU will
furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted exhibits
or schedules upon request.

            10.2 Mortgage Deed and Security Agreement,  effective as of December
20, 2004,  by and between AGU  Entertainment  Corp.  and Mitchell  Entertainment
Company.  AGU will furnish to the Securities  and Exchange  Commission a copy of
any omitted exhibits or schedules upon request.

            10.3 Master Security  Agreement,  effective as of December 20, 2004,
by and among AGU  Entertainment  Corp.,  The Tube Music Network,  Inc.,  Pyramid
Records International, Inc. and Mitchell Entertainment Company. AGU will furnish
to the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  a copy of any omitted  exhibits or
schedules upon request.

            10.4  Assignment  of Rents,  Leases and  Deposits,  effective  as of
December  20,  2004,  by  and  between  AGU  Entertainment  Corp.  and  Mitchell
Entertainment   Company.  AGU  will  furnish  to  the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission a copy of any omitted exhibits or schedules upon request.

            10.5 Subordination Agreement,  effective as of December 20, 2004, by
and between Charley  Zeches,  in her capacity as trustee of Lakes Holding Trust,
and Mitchell  Entertainment  Company, as agreed to, accepted and acknowledged by
AGU  Entertainment  Corp.  AGU  will  furnish  to the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission a copy of any omitted exhibits or schedules upon request.

            10.6  Registration  Rights  Agreement,  effective as of December 20,
2004, by and between AGU Entertainment Corp. and Mitchell Entertainment Company.
AGU will furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted
exhibits or schedules upon request.
<PAGE>

            10.7  Environmental  Indemnity  Agreement,  effective as of December
20,2004,  by and among AGU  Entertainment  Corp., The Tube Music Network,  Inc.,
Pyramid Records International, Inc. and Mitchell Entertainment Company. AGU will
furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted exhibits
or schedules upon request.

            10.8 Mortgage Deed and Security Agreement,  effective as of December
20, 2004, by and between AGU  Entertainment  Corp.  and Charley  Zeches,  in her
capacity  as  Trustee  of Lakes  Holding  Trust  U/A.  AGU will  furnish  to the
Securities and Exchange  Commission a copy of any omitted  exhibits or schedules
upon request.

            10.9  Assignment  of Rents,  Leases and  Deposits,  effective  as of
December 20, 2004, by and between AGU Entertainment Corp. and Charley Zeches, in
her  capacity as Trustee of Lakes  Holding  Trust U/A.  AGU will  furnish to the
Securities and Exchange  Commission a copy of any omitted  exhibits or schedules
upon request.

            10.10  Amendment No. 2 to Agreement for Purchase and Sale,  dated as
of November 30, 2004, by and between AGU Entertainment Corp. and Charley Zeches,
in her capacity as Trustee of Lakes Holding Trust U/A.
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,
the  registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:   December 29, 2004                      AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP.


                                                By: /s/ John W. Poling
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                Name: John W. Poling
                                                Title:   Chief Financial Officer



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>v010420_ex4-1.txt
<TEXT>

THIS NOTE AND THE COMMON SHARES  ISSUABLE UPON  CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE HAVE NOT
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,  OR ANY APPLICABLE
STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS.  EXCEPT  AS  CONTEMPLATED  BY THE  SECURITIES  PURCHASE
AGREEMENT AMONG AGU  ENTERTAINMENT  CORP., ITS DIRECT AND INDIRECT  SUBSIDIARIES
AND THE ORIGINAL  HOLDER OF THIS NOTE,  THIS NOTE AND THE COMMON SHARES ISSUABLE
UPON  CONVERSION  OF THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE SOLD,  OFFERED  FOR SALE,  PLEDGED  OR
HYPOTHECATED  IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT AS TO THIS
NOTE OR SUCH UNDERLYING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE
STATE  SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL  REASONABLY  SATISFACTORY TO AGU
ENTERTAINMENT CORP. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

                          SECURED CONVERTIBLE TERM NOTE

         FOR  VALUE  RECEIVED,  AGU  Entertainment  Corp.  ("AGU"),  a  Delaware
corporation,  The Tube Music Network,  Inc., a Florida corporation,  and Pyramid
Records   International,   Inc.,  a  Florida   corporation,   (collectively  the
"BORROWER"),   hereby   jointly  and  severally   promise  to  pay  to  Mitchell
Entertainment  Company,  a  Delaware  limited  liability  company,  7220 NW 36th
Street, Suite 100, Miami, Florida 33166 (the "HOLDER") or its registered assigns
or successors in interest,  on order, the aggregate sum of Three Million Dollars
($3,000,000)  (the  "PRINCIPAL  AMOUNT"),  together  with any accrued and unpaid
interest  hereon,  on December 19, 2006 (the "MATURITY DATE") if not sooner paid
or extended.

         Capitalized  terms  used  herein  without  definition  shall  have  the
meanings ascribed to such terms in that certain  Securities  Purchase  Agreement
dated as of the date hereof  between the Borrower and the Holder (the  "PURCHASE
AGREEMENT").

         The following terms shall apply to this Note:

                                   ARTICLE I

                                    INTEREST

      1.1 Interest Rate. Subject to Section 3.10,  interest payable on this Note
shall  accrue at a rate per annum (the  "INTEREST  RATE") equal to the lesser of
(a) the maximum rate permitted  under  applicable  law, or (b) ten percent (10%)
per annum. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year. Interest
on the Principal Amount shall be payable monthly (pro-rated for partial months),
in  arrears,  commencing  on  January  1,  2005  and on the  first  day of  each
consecutive  calendar  month  thereafter  and on the Maturity  Date,  whether by
acceleration or otherwise.

      1.2  Prepayment.  The  Borrower  may  prepay  all  or any  portion  of the
outstanding  Principal Amount at any time prior to the Maturity Date without the
consent of the Holder; provided that such prepayment shall be accompanied by all
interest  that has  accrued and remains  unpaid  with  respect to the  Principal
Amount being prepaid.
<PAGE>

      1.3  Additional  Rights of the  Holder.  In the  event the  Borrower's
EBITDA for the calendar  quarter  ending  September  30, 2006 shall not equal at
least  $5,000,000,  the Holder  shall  have the right (but not the  obligation),
exercisable  by delivery of written notice to the Borrower prior to the Maturity
Date,  to extend the Maturity Date to March 31, 2007. If the Maturity Date is so
extended and the  Borrower's  EBITDA does not equal  $5,000,000 for the calendar
quarter ending December 31, 2006 (this quarter and each quarter thereafter which
immediately precedes the calendar quarter ending on the then applicable Maturity
Date, is hereinafter referred to as an "EBITDA Measuring  Quarter"),  the Holder
shall  have the right  (but not the  obligation),  exercisable  by  delivery  of
written  notice to the Borrower  prior to March 31, 2007,  to extend the term of
the Note for an  additional  calendar  quarter.  The Holder  shall then have the
continuing  right (but not the  obligation),  exercisable by delivery of written
notice to the Borrower prior to the then applicable  Maturity Date, to so extend
the term of the Note for an additional calendar quarter if the Borrower's EBITDA
for the applicable  Measuring  Quarter does not at least equal  $5,000,000.  For
purposes of this Agreement,  the Borrower's  EBITDA shall be its earnings before
interest,  taxes,  depreciation and amortization,  as determined under generally
accepted  accounting  principles on a  consolidated  basis.  The Borrower  shall
notify the Holder in writing of the Borrower's  EBITDA within 45 days of the end
of the applicable  EBITDA Measuring  Quarter,  failing which the EBITDA shall be
deemed to be less than $5,000,000 for such period.

            (b) In the event the  Borrower's  operating  cash receipts do not at
least  equal the  Borrower's  operating  expenses  for  calendar  year 2005,  as
reasonably  determined  (and  certified to) by the  Borrower's  Chief  Financial
Officer, the Holder shall have the right, upon delivery of written notice to the
Borrower,  to make all sums of principal  and  interest  then  remaining  unpaid
hereon to be due and  payable in 60  calendar  days from the date of delivery of
such notice.

            (c) In the event of the  cessation,  for any  reason,  of the active
participation  of all of Michael Jay Solomon,  Les Garland and David Levy in the
day-to-day  business  of the  Company,  the Holder  shall  have the right,  upon
delivery of written  notice to the  Borrower,  to make all sums of principal and
interest  then  remaining  unpaid  hereon to be due and  payable  in sixty  (60)
calendar days from the date of delivery of such notice.

                                   ARTICLE II

                                CONVERSION RIGHTS

      2.1  Holder's  Conversion  Rights.  The Holder shall have the right at any
time and from time to time, but not the obligation except as provided in Section
2.3 below,  to convert  all or any  portion  of the then  aggregate  outstanding
Principal Amount, together with interest due hereon, into shares of Common Stock
subject to the terms and  conditions  set forth in this Article II. In addition,
in the event all or any portion of the Principal  Amount is prepaid  pursuant to
Section  1.2 above,  the Holder  shall have the  continuing  right and option to
purchase  shares of Common Stock upon all terms and conditions set forth in this
Article II with an aggregate  purchase  price equal to the  Principal  Amount so
prepaid.  Such right and option shall expire on the Maturity  Date, as extended,
pursuant to Section 1.3 hereof.  The Holder may exercise  such right by delivery
to the  Borrower  of a written  notice of  conversion  not less than one (1) day
prior to the date upon which such  conversion  shall occur.  The date upon which
such  conversion  shall  occur is (the  "Conversion  Date").


                                       2
<PAGE>

      2.2 Mechanics of Holder's Conversion.  In the event and at each occurrence
that the Holder  elects to convert  all or any  portion of this Note into Common
Stock,  the Holder shall give notice of such  election by delivering an executed
and completed notice of conversion  ("NOTICE OF CONVERSION") to the Borrower and
such Notice of Conversion shall provide a breakdown in reasonable  detail of the
Principal Amount and accrued  interest being converted.  On each Conversion Date
(as hereinafter  defined) and in accordance  with its Notice of Conversion,  the
Holder shall make the appropriate  reduction to the Principal Amount and accrued
interest as entered in its records (or deliver payment, as applicable) and shall
provide  written  notice  thereof to the Borrower  within two (2) business  days
after  the  Conversion  Date.  Each  date on which a  Notice  of  Conversion  is
delivered  to the Borrower in  accordance  with the  provisions  hereof shall be
deemed a Conversion  Date. A form of Notice of  Conversion to be employed by the
Holder is annexed hereto as Exhibit A.

            (b) Pursuant to the terms of the Notice of Conversion,  the Borrower
will issue  instructions  to the  transfer  agent  accompanied  by an opinion of
counsel  within three (3) business  days of the date of the delivery to Borrower
of the Notice of Conversion  and shall cause the transfer  agent to transmit the
certificates  representing the Conversion  Shares to the Holder by crediting the
account of the Holder's  designated broker with the Depository Trust Corporation
through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission  system, if then applicable,  or
otherwise by issuing a certificate, within three (3) business days after receipt
by the Borrower of the Notice of Conversion.  In the case of the exercise of the
conversion  rights set forth herein the conversion  privilege shall be deemed to
have been  exercised and the  Conversion  Shares  issuable upon such  conversion
shall be deemed to have been issued upon the date of receipt by the  Borrower of
the Notice of  Conversion.  The Holder  shall be treated for all purposes as the
record  holder of such Common  Stock,  unless the Holder  provides  the Borrower
written instructions to the contrary.

      2.3  Mandatory  Conversion.  At any time  after  December  16,  2005,  the
Borrower  shall  have the  right to cause  the  Holder  to  convert  the  entire
Principal  Amount  into  shares of Common  Stock  provided  (a) all shares to be
acquired by the Holder shall be freely tradable without restriction  whatsoever,
(b) the  Principal  Market  for the  Common  Stock  shall be either the NASD OTC
Bulletin Board,  the NASDAQ  SmallCap  Market,  the National Market System,  the
American  Stock  Exchange or the New York Stock  Exchange,  (c) the Common Stock
shall have closed on the Principal  Market at a price of not less than $5.00 per
share for ninety (90)  consecutive  trading  days  within the one hundred  (100)
trading days  terminating  on the last trading day prior to the date of delivery
of the Mandatory  Conversion Notice to the Holder,  (d) the Borrower delivers to
the Holder a certificate of the President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
of the  Borrower  confirming  that  none of such  persons  knows  of any fact or
circumstance  affecting the Borrower that would reasonably and foreseeably cause
the closing  price of the Common  Stock to fall below $5.00 per share during the
next thirty  (30)  trading  days on the  Principal  Market,  and (e) no Event of
Default hereunder exists and is continuing.

                                       3
<PAGE>

      2.4 Conversion Mechanics.

            (a) The  number of shares  of  Common  Stock to be issued  upon each
conversion  of this Note shall be  determined  by dividing  that  portion of the
principal  and  interest  to be  converted,  if  any,  by  the  then  applicable
Conversion Price. The initial Conversion Price shall be $1.50 per share.

            (b) The  Conversion  Price  and  number  and kind of shares or other
securities to be issued upon  conversion  is subject to adjustment  from time to
time upon the  occurrence  of certain  events,  as  follows:

                  A. Stock Splits, Combinations and Dividends. In the event that
the Company shall (a) issue additional  shares of the Common Stock as a dividend
or other distribution on outstanding Common Stock, (b) subdivide its outstanding
shares of Common  Stock,  or (c)  combine its  outstanding  shares of the Common
Stock into a smaller  number of shares of the Common  Stock,  then, in each such
event,  the Conversion  Price shall,  simultaneously  with the happening of such
event, be adjusted by multiplying the then Conversion  Price by a fraction,  the
numerator  of which  shall be the number of shares of Common  Stock  outstanding
immediately prior to such event and the denominator of which shall be the number
of shares of Common  Stock  outstanding  immediately  after such event,  and the
product so obtained shall thereafter be the Conversion Price then in effect. The
Conversion  Price,  as so adjusted,  shall be readjusted in the same manner upon
the  happening  of any  successive  event or  events  described  herein  in this
Section.

                  B. During the period the conversion right exists, the Borrower
will reserve from its authorized and unissued  Common Stock a sufficient  number
of shares to provide for the issuance of Common  Stock upon the full  conversion
of the  principal  amount  of this  Note.  The  Borrower  represents  that  upon
issuance,  such  shares  will  be  duly  and  validly  issued,  fully  paid  and
non-assessable.  The  Borrower  agrees  that its  issuance  of this  Note  shall
constitute full authority to its officers,  agents,  and transfer agents who are
charged with the duty of executing and issuing stock certificates to execute and
issue the necessary  certificates for shares of Common Stock upon the conversion
of this Note.

                  C. Share Issuances.  Subject to the provisions of this Section
2.4, if the Borrower  shall at any time prior to the  expiration of the Holder's
conversion  rights,  issue any shares of Common Stock or securities  convertible
into  Common  Stock to a person  other than the Holder for a  consideration  per
share (the "Offer Price") less than the  Conversion  Price in effect at the time
of such issuance,  then the Conversion Price shall be immediately  reset to such
lower Offer  Price.  For  purposes  hereof,  the issuance of any security of the
Borrower  convertible  into or  exercisable  or  exchangeable  for Common  Stock
("Convertible Securities") shall result in an adjustment to the Conversion Price
at the time of  issuance of such  Convertible  Securities.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing,  no adjustment  will be made under this Section 2.4 in respect of any
Excluded Stock. Excluded Stock" means any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
equivalents issued or issuable to the persons and entities described on Schedule
4.3 of the Securities Purchase Agreement.  This exclusion shall not apply to any
future  issuances of Common Stock unless issued to one of the named  individuals
or entities on such Schedule.

                  D.  Reclassification,  etc. If the Borrower at any time shall,
by  reclassification  or  otherwise,  change the Common Stock into the same or a
different  number  of  securities  of any class or  classes,  this  Note,  shall
thereafter  be deemed to evidence  the right to  purchase an adjusted  number of
such securities and kind of securities as would have been issuable as the result
of such  change  with  respect to the  Common  Stock  immediately  prior to such
reclassification or other change.

                                       4
<PAGE>

                  E. EBITDA. In the event the Borrower's EBITDA for its calendar
quarter ended  September  30, 2006 is not at least  $5,000,000,  the  Conversion
Price shall be reset as of September 30, 2006 to the closing price of the Common
Stock on the Principal Market on the last trading day in such calendar  quarter,
if such closing price is less than the  Conversion  Price in effect on such last
trading day.

      2.5 Issuance of New Note. Upon any partial  conversion of this Note, a new
Note  containing the same date and provisions of this Note shall, at the request
of the Holder, be issued by the Borrower to the Holder for the principal balance
of this Note and  interest  which  shall not have been  converted  or paid.  The
Borrower will pay no costs,  fees or any other  consideration  to the Holder for
the production and issuance of a new Note.

                                  ARTICLE III

                                EVENTS OF DEFAULT

      Upon the  occurrence  and  continuance  of an Event of Default  beyond any
applicable grace period, the Holder may make all sums of principal, interest and
other fees then remaining unpaid hereon and all other amounts payable  hereunder
immediately due and payable.

      The  occurrence  of any  of the  following  events  respecting  any of the
entities constituting the Borrower is an "EVENT OF DEFAULT":

      3.1 Failure to Pay  Principal,  Interest or other Fees. The Borrower fails
to pay when due any  installment of principal,  interest or other fees hereon in
accordance herewith,  or the Borrower fails to pay when due any amount due under
any other promissory note issued by Borrower, and in any such case, such failure
shall  continue for a period of three (3) days following the date upon which any
such payment was due.

      3.2 Breach of Covenant.  The Borrower  breaches any covenant or other term
or condition of this Note or the Purchase  Agreement in any material respect and
such  breach,  if subject to cure,  continues  for a period of fifteen (15) days
after the occurrence thereof.

      3.3 Breach of Representations and Warranties.  Any material representation
or warranty of the Borrower made herein,  in the Purchase  Agreement,  or in any
Related  Document  (as  defined  in the  Purchase  Agreement)  shall be false or
misleading on the date that such  representation  or warranty was made or deemed
made, and if subject to cure, shall not be cured for a period of ten (10) days.

                                       5
<PAGE>

      3.4 Receiver or Trustee.  The Borrower  shall make an  assignment  for the
benefit of creditors,  or apply for or consent to the  appointment of a receiver
or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business; or such
a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed.

      3.5 Judgments.  Any money judgment, writ or similar final process shall be
entered or filed against the Borrower or any of its property or other assets for
more than  $200,000,  and shall  remain  unvacated,  unbonded or unstayed  for a
period of thirty (30) days.

      3.6  Bankruptcy.  Bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization  or liquidation
proceedings  or other  proceedings or relief under any bankruptcy law or any law
for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower.

      3.7 Stop Trade. Upon commencement of trading on a Principal Market, an SEC
stop trade order or  Principal  Market  trading  suspension  of the Common Stock
shall be in  effect  for ten (10)  consecutive  business  days or ten (10)  days
during a period  of  twenty  (20)  consecutive  days,  excluding  in all cases a
suspension  of all trading on a Principal  Market,  provided  that the  Borrower
shall not have been able to cure such trading suspension within thirty (30) days
of the  notice  thereof or list the Common  Stock on  another  Principal  Market
within sixty (60) days of such  notice.  The  "Principal  Market" for the Common
Stock shall include the NASD OTC Bulletin Board, NASDAQ SmallCap Market,  NASDAQ
National  Market  System,  American Stock  Exchange,  or New York Stock Exchange
(whichever  of the foregoing is at the time the  principal  trading  exchange or
market for the Common  Stock,  or any  securities  exchange or other  securities
market on which the Common Stock is then being listed or traded.

      3.8 Failure to Deliver  Common  Stock or  Replacement  Note.  The Borrower
shall fail to timely deliver  Common Stock to the Holder  pursuant to and in the
form  required by this Note,  and Section 9 of the Purchase  Agreement,  if such
failure to timely  deliver Common Stock shall not be cured within five (5) days.
If Borrower shall be required to issue a replacement Note to Holder and Borrower
shall fail to deliver such  replacement  Note within seven (7) business  days of
the request for the replacement Note.

      3.9 Default Under Related  Agreements.  The occurrence and  continuance of
any Event of Default as defined in the Related  Agreements.

      3.10 Payment Grace Period.  . Following the occurrence and  continuance of
an Event of Default,  the Borrower shall pay the Holder a default  interest rate
of the lesser of (a) the maximum rate  permitted by law, or (b) 18% per annum on
all  amounts  due and owing  under the Note,  which  default  interest  shall be
payable upon demand.  Presentment,  demand,  protest, notice of dishonor and all
other  notices are hereby  waived by Borrower.

      3.11  Cumulative   Remedies.   The  remedies  under  this  Note  shall  be
cumulative.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

      4.1 Failure or Indulgence  Not Waiver.  No failure or delay on the part of
the Holder  hereof in the exercise of any power,  right or  privilege  hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof,  nor shall any single or partial  exercise of
any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or
of any other right,  power or  privilege.  Holder  shall not by any act,  delay,
omission or  otherwise  be deemed to have waived any of its rights or  remedies,
and no waiver of any kind shall be valid,  unless in  writing  and signed by the
Holder.  All rights and remedies  existing  hereunder are cumulative to, and not
exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

                                       6
<PAGE>

      4.2 Notices.  Any notice herein required or permitted to be given shall be
in writing and shall be deemed  effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery to
the party notified, (b) when sent by confirmed telex or facsimile if sent during
normal  business hours of the recipient,  if not, then on the next business day,
(c) five days after having been sent by  registered  or certified  mail,  return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (d) one business day after deposit with a
nationally  recognized  overnight  courier,  specifying next day delivery,  with
written  verification  of  receipt.  All  communications  shall  be  sent to the
Borrower  at  the  address  provided  in  the  Purchase  Agreement  executed  in
connection  herewith,  and to the Holder at the address provided in the Purchase
Agreement for such Holder,  with a copy to Robert S. Barry,  Jr.,  Esq.,  Loeb &
Loeb LLP,  10100 Santa Monica  Boulevard,  Suite 2200,  Los Angeles,  California
90067,  facsimile number (310) 282-2200, and a copy to Howard L. Friedberg Esq.,
2699 South Bayshore Drive,  7th Floor,  Miami,  Florida 33133,  facsimile number
(305)  854-0740,  or at such  other  address as the  Borrower  or the Holder may
designate by ten days advance  written  notice to the other  parties  hereto.  A
Notice of Conversion shall be deemed given when made to the Borrower pursuant to
the Purchase Agreement.

      4.3 Amendment  Provision.  The term "Note" and all reference  thereto,  as
used  throughout  this  instrument,  shall mean this  instrument  as  originally
executed,  or  if  later  amended  or  supplemented,   then  as  so  amended  or
supplemented,  and any  successor  instrument  issued  pursuant  to Section  2.5
hereof, as it may be amended or supplemented.

      4.4  Assignability.  This Note shall be binding  upon the Borrower and its
successors  and  assigns,  and shall  inure to the benefit of the Holder and its
successors and assigns, and may be assigned by the Holder in accordance with the
requirements of the Purchase Agreement.

      4.5  Governing  Law.  This Note  shall be  governed  by and  construed  in
accordance  with the laws of the State of Florida,  without regard to principles
of  conflicts  of laws.  Any action  brought by either  party  against the other
concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only
in the state  courts of Florida  lying in  Broward  County,  Florida,  or in the
federal courts located in the State of Florida. Borrower agrees to submit to the
jurisdiction  of such  courts.  In the event that any  provision of this Note is
invalid or unenforceable  under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such
provision  shall  be  deemed  inoperative  to the  extent  that it may  conflict
therewith  and shall be deemed  modified to conform with such statute or rule of
law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or  unenforceable  under any law
shall not affect the validity or unenforceability of any other provision of this
Note. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed or operate to preclude the Holder
from  bringing  suit or taking  other legal  action  against the Borrower in any
other  jurisdiction  to  collect on the  Borrower's  obligations  to Holder,  to
realize on any  collateral  or any other  security for such  obligations,  or to
enforce a judgment or other court in favor of the Holder.

      4.6 Maximum Payments. In no event shall the Holder be entitled to unearned
or unaccrued  interest or other charges or rebates,  except as may be authorized
by law, and should any  interest or other  charges paid by the Borrower or other
parties liable for the payment of this Note result in the computation or earning
of interest in excess of the maximum rate of interest that is legally  permitted
under  applicable  law,  then any and all such  excess  shall be and the same is
hereby waived by the Holder,  and any and all such excess shall be automatically
credited  against and reduce the balance  due under this  indebtedness,  and the
portion of said excess  which  exceeds the balance due under this  indebtedness,
shall be paid by the Holder to the Borrower  and parties  liable for the payment
of this Note.  The Holder may, in determining  the maximum rate permitted  under
applicable  law in effect from time to time,  take  advantage of (i) the maximum
rate of interest  permitted  under  Florida  law or federal  law,  whichever  is
higher,  including any laws regarding  parity among lenders;  and (ii) any other
law,  rule or  regulation  in effect from time to time  available to the Holder,
which exempts the Holder from any limit upon the rate of interest it may charge,
or grants to the Holder the right to charge a higher rate of interest  than that
permitted by Chapter 687, Florida  Statutes.  In determining  whether or not the
interest  paid or payable  under any  specific  contingency  exceeds the highest


                                       7
<PAGE>

lawful rate, the Holder shall, to the maximum extent  permitted under applicable
law (a) characterize  any  non-principal  payment as an expense,  fee or premium
rather than as  interest,  (b)  exclude  voluntary  prepayments  and the effects
thereof,  and (c) "spread" the total amount of interest  throughout  the maximum
term of the  obligation  so that the  interest  rate is uniform  throughout  the
entire term of the obligation.

      4.7 Security Interest. The holder of this Note has been granted a mortgage
and security  interest in certain assets of the Borrower more fully described in
the Mortgage and Security Agreement.

      4.8  Construction.   Each  party   acknowledges  that  its  legal  counsel
participated in the preparation of this Note and, therefore, stipulates that the
rule of construction  that  ambiguities are to be resolved  against the drafting
party shall not be applied in the interpretation of this Note to favor any party
against the other.

      4.9 Cost of  Collection.  If default is made in the  payment of this Note,
the Borrower shall pay to Holder all costs of collection,  including  reasonable
attorneys'  fees,  incurred  through all levels of proceedings,  whether suit be
instituted or not.

      4.10 WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY. THE BORROWER AND THE HOLDER HEREBY MUTUALLY,
KNOWINGLY,  WILLINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY  WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND NO
PARTY, NOR ANY ASSIGNEE, SUCCESSOR, HEIR, OR LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE PARTIES
(ALL OF WHOM ARE  HEREINAFTER  REFERRED TO AS THE  "PARTIES")  SHALL SEEK A JURY
TRIAL  IN  ANY  LAWSUIT,  PROCEEDING,  COUNTERCLAIM,  OR  ANY  OTHER  LITIGATION
PROCEEDING BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR THE LOAN DOCUMENTS,  OR ANY
INSTRUMENT  EVIDENCING,  SECURING,  OR  RELATING TO THE  INDEBTEDNESS  AND OTHER
OBLIGATIONS  EVIDENCED HEREBY OR ANY RELATED AGREEMENT OR INSTRUMENT,  ANY OTHER
COLLATERAL FOR THE INDEBTEDNESS EVIDENCED HEREBY OR ANY COURSE OF ACTION, COURSE
OF DEALING,  STATEMENTS  (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS  RELATING TO THE
LOAN OR TO THIS NOTE. THE PARTIES ALSO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO CONSOLIDATE ANY ACTION
IN WHICH A JURY  TRIAL HAS BEEN  WAIVED,  WITH ANY OTHER  ACTION IN WHICH A JURY
TRIAL HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED.  THE  PROVISIONS  OF THIS  PARAGRAPH  HAVE BEEN FULLY
NEGOTIATED  BY  THE  PARTIES.   THE  WAIVER  CONTAINED  HEREIN  IS  IRREVOCABLE,
CONSTITUTES  A  KNOWING  AND  VOLUNTARY  WAIVER,  AND  SHALL  BE  SUBJECT  TO NO
EXCEPTIONS.  THE HOLDER HAS IN NO WAY AGREED WITH OR REPRESENTED TO THE BORROWER
OR ANY OTHER  PARTY  THAT THE  PROVISIONS  OF THIS  PARAGRAPH  WILL NOT BE FULLY
ENFORCED IN ALL INSTANCES.

       [Balance of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows.]


                                       8
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Borrower has caused this Convertible Term Note to be
signed in its name effective as of this 20th day of December, 2004.

                             AGU Entertainment Corp., a Delaware corporation

                             By: /s/ David C. Levy
                                 -----------------------------
                             Name:  David C. Levy
                             Title:  President and Secretary

                             The Tube Music Network, Inc., a Florida corporation

                             By: /s/ David C. Levy
                                 ------------------------------
                             Name:  David C. Levy
                             Title:  President and Secretary

                             Pyramid Records International, Inc., a Florida
                             corporation

                             By: /s/ David C. Levy
                                 ------------------------------
                             Name:  David C. Levy
                             Title:  President and Secretary


                                       9
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

                              NOTICE OF CONVERSION

      (To be  executed by the Holder in order to convert all or part of the Note
                               into Common Stock)

AGU Entertainment Corp.
3200 West Oakland Park Boulevard
Lauderdale, Florida  33311

The  Undersigned  hereby  converts  $_________  of the principal due on [SPECIFY
APPLICABLE  REPAYMENT  DATE]  under  the  Convertible  Term  Note  issued by AGU
Entertainment  Corp.  dated as of  December  20,  2004 by  delivery of Shares of
Common Stock of AGU  Entertainment  Corp. on and subject to the  conditions  set
forth in Article II of such Note.

1.       Date of Conversion         _______________________

2.       Shares To Be Delivered:    _______________________

                                          By:_______________________________
                                          Name:_____________________________
                                          Title:______________________________

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>v010420_ex4-2.txt
<TEXT>

         THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK  ISSUABLE  UPON EXERCISE OF
         THIS WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
         AS AMENDED, OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. EXCEPT AS CONTEMPLATED BY THE
         SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT AMONG AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP., ITS DIRECT
         AND INDIRECT SUBSIDIARIES AND THE ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THIS WARRANT, THIS
         WARRANT AND THE COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY
         NOT BE SOLD,  OFFERED FOR SALE,  PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE
         OF AN  EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT  AS TO  THIS  WARRANT  OR THE
         UNDERLYING  SHARES OF COMMON  STOCK  UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY  APPLICABLE
         STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY  SATISFACTORY
         TO AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

                    Right to Purchase up to 2,000,000 Shares
                             of Common Stock of AGU
                               Entertainment Corp.

                   (subject to adjustment as provided herein)

                          COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

No. _________________                             Issue Date:  December 20, 2004

         AGU Entertainment Corp., a corporation  organized under the laws of the
State of Delaware ("AGU"),  hereby certifies that, for value received,  Mitchell
Entertainment  Company,  a Delaware  limited  liability  company or assigns (the
"Holder"),  is entitled,  subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from
the Company (as defined  herein)  from and after the Issue Date of this  Warrant
and at any time or from time to time  before 5:00 p.m.,  New York time,  through
the close of business on the later of (a)  December 31, 2009 or (b) the maturity
date of the Note  issued  concurrently  herewith  pursuant  to the terms of that
certain   Security   Purchase   Agreement  (the  "Purchase   Agreement")   dated
concurrently   herewith  among  AGU,  its   subsidiaries  and  the  Holder  (the
"Expiration  Date"),  up to  2,000,000  fully paid and  nonassessable  shares of
Common Stock (as hereinafter defined), no par value per share, at the applicable
Exercise  Price per share (as defined  below).  The number and character of such
shares of Common Stock and the  applicable  Exercise Price per share are subject
to adjustment as provided herein.

      As used herein the following terms, unless the context otherwise requires,
have the following respective meanings:

            (a) The term "Company" shall include AGU and any  corporation  which
shall succeed, or assume the obligations of, AGU hereunder.
<PAGE>

            (b) The term "Common Stock" includes (i) the Company's Common Stock,
no par value per share;  and (ii) any other  securities  into which or for which
any of the securities described in (a) may be converted or exchanged pursuant to
a plan of recapitalization, reorganization, merger, sale of assets or otherwise.

            (c) The term  "Other  Securities"  refers to any stock  (other  than
Common Stock) and other securities of the Company or any other person (corporate
or  otherwise)  which the holder of the Warrant at any time shall be entitled to
receive,  or shall have received,  on the exercise of the Warrant, in lieu of or
in  addition  to Common  Stock,  or which at any time shall be issuable or shall
have been  issued in exchange  for or in  replacement  of Common  Stock or Other
Securities pursuant to Section 4 or otherwise.

            (d) The  "Exercise  Price"  applicable  under this Warrant  shall be
$2.00 per share,  subject to  adjustment  as  provided  herein.

      1. Exercise of Warrant.

            1.1 Number of Shares Issuable upon Exercise. From and after the date
hereof through and including the  Expiration  Date, the Holder shall be entitled
to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant in whole or in part, by delivery of an
original or copy of an exercise  notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
(the  "Exercise  Notice"),  shares of Common  Stock of the  Company,  subject to
adjustment  pursuant to Section 4.

            1.2 Fair Market Value. For purposes hereof,  the "Fair Market Value"
of a share of Common Stock as of a particular  date (the  "Determination  Date")
shall mean:

            (a) If the Company's Common Stock is traded on the NASD OTC Bulletin
Board, the NASDAQ SmallCap Market,  NASDAQ National Market System,  the American
Stock Exchange,  the New York Stock Exchange or another national exchange,  then
the closing or last sale price, respectively, reported for the last business day
immediately preceding the Determination Date.

            (b) Except as provided in clause (c) below, if the Company's  Common
Stock is not publicly traded, then as the Holder and the Company agree or in the
absence of agreement by arbitration in accordance  with the rules then in effect
of the American Arbitration Association, before a single arbitrator to be chosen
from a panel of persons  qualified  by  education  and  training  to pass on the
matter to be decided.

            (c)  If  the  Determination  Date  is  the  date  of a  liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, or any event deemed to be a liquidation,  dissolution
or winding up pursuant to the Company's charter,  then all amounts to be payable
per share to holders of the Common Stock pursuant to the charter in the event of
such  liquidation,  dissolution  or  winding  up,  plus all other  amounts to be
payable  per share in  respect  of the  Common  Stock in  liquidation  under the
charter,  assuming for the purposes of this clause (d) that all of the shares of
Common Stock then issuable upon exercise of the Warrant are  outstanding  at the
Determination Date.


                                       2
<PAGE>

            1.3 Company  Acknowledgment.  The Company  will,  at the time of the
exercise of the Warrant,  upon the request of the holder hereof  acknowledge  in
writing its  continuing  obligation to afford to such holder any rights to which
such holder shall continue to be entitled after such exercise in accordance with
the  provisions  of this  Warrant.  If the  holder  shall  fail to make any such
request,  such failure shall not affect the continuing obligation of the Company
to afford to such holder any such rights.

            1.4 Trustee for Warrant  Holders.  In the event that a bank or trust
company  shall have been  appointed  as trustee  for the  holders of the Warrant
pursuant to Section 3.2,  such bank or trust  company  shall have all the powers
and duties of a warrant agent (as  hereinafter  described) and shall accept,  in
its own name for the account of the Company or such  successor  person as may be
entitled  thereto,  all  amounts  otherwise  payable  to  the  Company  or  such
successor,  as the case may be, on  exercise  of this  Warrant  pursuant to this
Section 1.

2. Procedure for Exercise.

            2.1 Delivery of Stock Certificates,  Etc., on Exercise.  The Company
agrees that the shares of Common Stock  purchased  upon exercise of this Warrant
shall be deemed to be issued to the Holder as the record owner of such shares as
of the close of  business  on the date on which  this  Warrant  shall  have been
surrendered  together with the Form of Exercise duly  completed and executed and
payment  made for such shares in  accordance  herewith.  As soon as  practicable
after the exercise of this  Warrant in full or in part,  and in any event within
three (3) business days  thereafter,  the Company at its expense  (including the
payment by it of any applicable issue taxes) will cause to be issued in the name
of and  delivered to the Holder,  or as such Holder (upon payment by such Holder
of any  applicable  transfer  taxes) may direct in  compliance  with  applicable
securities  laws,  a  certificate  or  certificates  for the  number of duly and
validly issued,  fully paid and  nonassessable  shares of Common Stock (or Other
Securities)  to which such Holder shall be entitled on such  exercise,  plus, in

                                       3
<PAGE>

lieu of any fractional  share to which such holder would  otherwise be entitled,
cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the then Fair Market Value of one full
share, together with any other stock or other securities and property (including
cash,  where  applicable)  to which such Holder is entitled  upon such  exercise
pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise.

            2.2 Exercise. Payment may be made either (i) in cash or by certified
or  official  bank  check  payable  to the  order  of the  Company  equal to the
applicable  aggregate  Exercise  Price,  or (ii) by wire transfer of immediately
available  funds,  (iii) by delivery of the  Warrant,  or shares of Common Stock
and/or Common Stock  receivable  upon exercise of the Warrant in accordance with
Section (b) below, or (iv) by a combination of any of the foregoing methods, for
the number of Common Shares  specified in such Exercise Notice (as such exercise
number shall be adjusted to reflect any adjustment in the total number of shares
of Common  Stock  issuable to the Holder per the terms of this  Warrant) and the
Holder  shall  thereupon  be entitled to receive the number of duly  authorized,
validly issued,  fully-paid and non-assessable  shares of Common Stock (or Other
Securities) determined as provided herein. Notwithstanding any provisions herein
to the  contrary,  if the Fair  Market  Value of one  share of  Common  Stock is
greater than the Exercise Price (at the date of calculation as set forth below),
in lieu of  exercising  this  Warrant for cash,  the Holder may elect to receive
shares equal to the value (as determined  below) of this Warrant (or the portion
thereof being exercised) by surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of
the Company together with the properly  endorsed  Exercise Notice in which event
the  Company  shall  issue to the  Holder a number of  shares  of  Common  Stock
computed using the following formula:

      X=Y (A-B)
          -----
            A

      Where X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder

      Y     = the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable under the Warrant
            or, if only a portion of the Warrant is being exercised, the portion
            of the Warrant being exercised (at the date of such calculation)

      A     = the Fair Market Value of one share of the  Company's  Common Stock
            (at the date of such calculation)

      B     = Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation)


Notwithstanding the foregoing, no more than fifty percent (50%) of the shares of
Common  Stock  purchasable  upon the  exercise  of this  Warrant may be acquired
pursuant to a "cashless exercise" pursuant to Section 2.2(iii) above.

3.       Effect of Reorganization, Etc.; Adjustment of Exercise Price.

            3.1 Reorganization,  Consolidation, Merger, Etc. In case at any time
or from  time to time,  the  Company  shall  (a)  effect a  reorganization,  (b)
consolidate  with or  merge  into  any  other  person,  or (c)  transfer  all or
substantially all of its properties or assets to any other person under any plan
or arrangement  contemplating the dissolution of the Company, then, in each such
case,  as a condition  to the  consummation  of such a  transaction,  proper and
adequate  provision  shall be made by the  Company  whereby  the  Holder of this
Warrant,  on the exercise  hereof as provided in Section 1 at any time after the
consummation of such  reorganization,  consolidation  or merger or the effective
date of such  dissolution,  as the case may be,  shall  receive,  in lieu of the
Common  Stock (or Other  Securities)  issuable  on such  exercise  prior to such
consummation or such effective date, the stock and other securities and property
(including  cash) to which  such  Holder  would  have  been  entitled  upon such
consummation or in connection with such dissolution, as the case may be, if such
Holder had so exercised this Warrant,  immediately prior thereto, all subject to
further adjustment thereafter as provided in Section 4.

            3.2  Dissolution.  In the event of any  dissolution  of the  Company
following the transfer of all or substantially  all of its properties or assets,
the Company,  concurrently with any distributions  made to holders of its Common
Stock,  shall at its expense  deliver or cause to be delivered to the Holder the
stock and other  securities  and property  (including  cash,  where  applicable)
receivable  by the Holder of the  Warrant  pursuant to Section  3.1,  or, if the
Holder shall so instruct the Company,  to a bank or trust  company  specified by
the Holder as trustee for the Holder of the Warrant (the "Trustee").

                                       4
<PAGE>

            3.3 Continuation of Terms. Upon any  reorganization,  consolidation,
merger or transfer (and any dissolution  following any transfer)  referred to in
this  Section 3, this  Warrant  shall  continue in full force and effect and the
terms hereof shall be applicable to the shares of stock and other securities and
property  receivable on the exercise of this Warrant after the  consummation  of
such   reorganization,   consolidation  or  merger  or  the  effective  date  of
dissolution  following  any such  transfer,  as the case  may be,  and  shall be
binding upon the issuer of any such stock or other securities, including, in the
case of any such transfer,  the person acquiring all or substantially all of the
properties  or assets of the  Company,  whether  or not such  person  shall have
expressly  assumed  the terms of this  Warrant as  provided in Section 4. In the
event  this  Warrant  does not  continue  in full  force  and  effect  after the
consummation of the transactions described in this Section 3, then the Company's
securities and property  (including  cash, where  applicable)  receivable by the
Holders  of  the  Warrant  will  be  delivered  to  Holder  or  the  Trustee  as
contemplated by Section 3.2.

      4. Extraordinary Events Regarding Common Stock.

      4.1  Stock  Dividends.  In the  event  that the  Company  shall  (a) issue
additional  shares of the Common  Stock as a dividend or other  distribution  on
outstanding  Common Stock, (b) subdivide its outstanding shares of Common Stock,
or (c) combine its outstanding  shares of the Common Stock into a smaller number
of shares of the Common  Stock,  then,  in each such event,  the Exercise  Price
shall,  simultaneously  with  the  happening  of  such  event,  be  adjusted  by
multiplying the then Exercise Price by a fraction,  the numerator of which shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock  outstanding  immediately  prior to such
event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding  immediately  after such event,  and the  product so obtained  shall
thereafter  be the  Exercise  Price then in effect.  The Exercise  Price,  as so
adjusted,  shall be  readjusted  in the same  manner upon the  happening  of any
successive  event or  events  described  herein  in this  Section  4.

            4.2 Share  Issuances.  If the Company shall at any time prior to the
expiration  of this  Warrant  issue any  shares of  Common  Stock or  securities
convertible  into  Common  Stock  to a  person  other  than  the  Holder  for  a
consideration  per share (the "Offer  Price"),  less than the Exercise  Price in
effect  at the  time  of  such  issuance,  then  the  Exercise  Price  shall  be
immediately reset to such lower Offer Price. The Exercise Price, as so adjusted,
shall be  readjusted  in the same manner upon the  happening  of any  successive
event or  events  described  herein in this  Section  4.2.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing,  no  adjustment  will be made under this  Section 4 in respect of any
Excluded Stock. Excluded Stock" means any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock
equivalents issued or issuable to the persons and entities described on Schedule
4.3 of the Securities Purchase Agreement.  This exclusion shall not apply to any
future  issuances of Common Stock unless issued to one of the named  individuals
or entities on such Schedule.

                                       5
<PAGE>

            4.3 EBITDA  Adjustment.  In the event the Borrower's  EBITDA for its
calendar  quarter  ended  September 30, 2006  is not at  least  $5,000,000,  the
Exercise  Price shall be reset as of September  30, 2006 to the closing price of
the  Common  Stock  on the  Principal  Market  on the last  trading  day in such
calendar  quarter,  if such  closing  price is less than the  Exercise  Price in
effect on such last trading day.

      4.4 Number of Shares Adjusted.

      (a) The number of shares of Common  Stock that the holder of this  Warrant
shall be entitled to receive upon exercise of this Warrant after the  occurrence
of any issuance or event  specified in Section 4.1,  Section 4.2 and Section 4.3
shall be increased to a number determined by multiplying the number of shares of
Common Stock that would  otherwise  (but for the provisions of this Section 4.4)
be issuable on such  exercise  by a fraction of which (i) the  numerator  is the
Exercise  Price that would  otherwise  (but for the  provisions  of Section 4.1,
Section  4.2 or  Section  4.3  (as  applicable))  be in  effect,  and  (ii)  the
denominator is the Exercise Price in effect on the date of such exercise.

      (b) If the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  has  not  declared  the
Registration  Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement between
Holder and the Company to be entered into concurrently with the issuance of this
Warrant)  effective in accordance with the time period set forth in Section 2(b)
of the Registration Rights Agreement,  the number of shares of Common Stock that
the holder of this Warrant  shall be entitled to receive  upon  exercise of this
Warrant  shall be increased by 20,000  shares for each thirty (30) day period of
delay (prorated for partial periods) at the Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such increase.

      5.  Certificate  as to  Adjustments.  In each  case of any  adjustment  or
readjustment  in the  Exercise  Price or the  shares of  Common  Stock (or Other
Securities)  issuable on the exercise of the Warrant, the Company at its expense
will promptly cause its Chief Financial Officer or other appropriate designee to
compute such  adjustment or  readjustment  in  accordance  with the terms of the
Warrant and prepare a certificate  setting forth such adjustment or readjustment
and showing in detail the facts upon which such  adjustment or  readjustment  is
based,  including a statement of (a) the consideration received or receivable by
the  Company for any  additional  shares of Common  Stock (or Other  Securities)
issued or sold or deemed to have been  issued or sold,  (b) the number of shares
of Common Stock (or Other  Securities)  outstanding or deemed to be outstanding,
and (c) the  Exercise  Price and the  number  of  shares  of Common  Stock to be
received  upon  exercise of this Warrant,  in effect  immediately  prior to such
adjustment  or  readjustment  and as adjusted or  readjusted as provided in this
Warrant.  The Company will forthwith mail a copy of each such certificate to the
holder of the Warrant and any Warrant agent of the Company  (appointed  pursuant
to Section 10 hereof).

                                       6
<PAGE>

      6.  Reservation  of Stock,  Etc.,  Issuable on  Exercise  of Warrant.  The
Company will at all times  reserve and keep  available,  solely for issuance and
delivery  on the  exercise  of the  Warrant,  shares of  Common  Stock (or Other
Securities) from time to time issuable on the exercise of the Warrant.

      7.  Assignment; Exchange of Warrant. Subject to compliance with applicable
securities  laws,  this  Warrant,  and  the  rights  evidenced  hereby,  may  be
transferred  by any  registered  holder hereof (a  "Transferor")  in whole or in
part.  On the  surrender  for exchange of this  Warrant,  with the  Transferor's
endorsement  in  the  form  of  Exhibit  B  attached  hereto  (the   "Transferor
Endorsement  Form") and together with evidence  reasonably  satisfactory  to the
Company  demonstrating  compliance with applicable  securities laws, which shall
include,  without limitation,  a legal opinion from the Transferor's counsel (at
the  Company's  expense)  that such  transfer  is exempt  from the  registration
requirements of applicable securities laws, the Company at its expense (but with
payment by the  Transferor  of any  applicable  transfer  taxes)  will issue and
deliver  to or on the  order of the  Transferor  thereof a new  Warrant  of like
tenor, in the name of the Transferor and/or the transferee(s)  specified in such
Transferor  Endorsement Form (each a "Transferee"),  calling in the aggregate on
the face or faces thereof for the number of shares of Common Stock called for on
the  face  or  faces  of  the  Warrant  so   surrendered   by  the   Transferor.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  any  transfer  in whole or in part to a lineal
descendant of Edward D. and Anna Mitchell and their  affiliates as  contemplated
by the Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and the original Holder
of this Warrant shall be approved without delivery of any legal opinion or other
condition.

      8.  Replacement of Warrant. On receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to the Company of the loss,  theft,  destruction  or  mutilation of this Warrant
and, in the case of any such loss,  theft or  destruction  of this  Warrant,  on
delivery of an indemnity agreement or security  reasonably  satisfactory in form
and amount to the Company or, in the case of any such  mutilation,  on surrender
and  cancellation  of this Warrant,  the Company at its expense will execute and
deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Warrant of like tenor.

      9.  Registration  Rights.  The  Holder of this  Warrant  has been  granted
certain  registration  rights by the Company.  These registration rights are set
forth  in a  Registration  Rights  Agreement  entered  into by the  Company  and
Purchaser dated as of even date of this Warrant.

      10. Warrant  Agent.  The Company may, by written notice to the each Holder
of the  Warrant,  appoint an agent for the purpose of issuing  Common  Stock (or
Other  Securities)  on the  exercise  of this  Warrant  pursuant  to  Section 1,
exchanging  this  Warrant  pursuant  to Section 7, and  replacing  this  Warrant
pursuant  to  Section  8,  or any of the  foregoing,  and  thereafter  any  such
issuance,  exchange or  replacement,  as the case may be,  shall be made at such
office by such agent.

                                       7
<PAGE>

      11. Transfer on the Company's Books.  Until this Warrant is transferred on
the books of the Company,  the Company may treat the registered holder hereof as
the absolute  owner hereof for all purposes,  notwithstanding  any notice to the
contrary.

      12. Notices, Etc. All notices and other communications from the Company to
the  Holder  of this  Warrant  shall be  mailed  by first  class  registered  or
certified mail,  postage prepaid,  at such address as may have been furnished to
the Company in writing by such Holder or, until any such Holder furnishes to the
Company an  address,  then to, and at the  address  of, the last  Holder of this
Warrant who has so furnished an address to the Company.

      13.  Miscellaneous.  This  Warrant  and any term  hereof  may be  changed,
waived,  discharged or terminated only by an instrument in writing signed by the
party against which enforcement of such change, waiver, discharge or termination
is sought.  This Warrant shall be governed by and  construed in accordance  with
the laws of State of Florida  without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.
Any action brought  concerning  the  transactions  contemplated  by this Warrant
shall be brought  only in the state  courts of Florida or in the federal  courts
located in the State of Florida;  provided,  however, that the Holder may choose
to waive this  provision and bring an action  outside the State of Florida.  The
individuals  executing  this Warrant on behalf of the Company agree to submit to
the  jurisdiction  of such courts and waive trial by jury. The prevailing  party
shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees
and  costs.  In the event  that any  provision  of this  Warrant  is  invalid or
unenforceable  under any applicable  statute or rule of law, then such provision
shall be deemed  inoperative  to the extent that it may conflict  therewith  and
shall be deemed  modified to conform  with such statute or rule of law. Any such
provision  which  may prove  invalid  or  unenforceable  under any law shall not
affect the validity or  enforceability  of any other  provision of this Warrant.
The headings in this Warrant are for purposes of reference  only,  and shall not
limit  or  otherwise  affect  any  of  the  terms  hereof.   The  invalidity  or
unenforceability  of any provision hereof shall in no way affect the validity or
enforceability  of any other provision  hereof.  The Company  acknowledges  that
legal counsel  participated in the  preparation of this Warrant and,  therefore,
stipulates  that the rule of  construction  that  ambiguities are to be resolved
against the drafting  party shall not be applied in the  interpretation  of this
Warrant to favor any party against the other party.

                   [BALANCE OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK;
                            SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS.]


                                       8
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Company has executed this Warrant as of the date
first written above.


                                 AGU Entertainment Corp., a Delaware corporation

                                 By:/s/ David C. Levy
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    David C. Levy, President and Secretary


                                       9
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

                              FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION

                   (To Be Signed Only On Exercise Of Warrant)

TO:      AGU Entertainment Corp.
         3200 West Oakland Park Boulevard
         Lauderdale Lakes, Florida  33311
         Attention:        Chief Financial Officer

      The  undersigned,  pursuant to the  provisions  set forth in the  attached
Warrant (No.____), hereby irrevocably elects to purchase (check applicable box):

________ ________ shares of the Common Stock covered by such Warrant; or

________ the maximum  number of shares of Common  Stock  covered by such Warrant
      pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in Section 2.

      The undersigned herewith makes payment of the full Exercise Price for such
shares  at  the  price  per  share  provided  for  in  such  Warrant,  which  is
$___________. Such payment takes the form of (check applicable box or boxes):

________ $__________ in lawful money of the United States; and/or

________ the  cancellation  of  such  portion  of  the  attached  Warrant  as is
      exercisable  for a total of _______  shares of Common  Stock (using a Fair
      Market  Value of $_______  per share for  purposes  of this  calculation);
      and/or

________ the  cancellation  of such  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock as is
      necessary,  in  accordance  with the formula set forth in Section  2.2, to
      exercise  this  Warrant  with  respect to the maximum  number of shares of
      Common Stock purchasable  pursuant to the cashless exercise  procedure set
      forth in Section 2.

The undersigned  requests that the certificates for such shares be issued in the
name of, and  delivered  to  ____________________________________________  whose
address is ____________________________________________.

      The  undersigned  represents and warrants that all offers and sales by the
undersigned of the securities issuable upon exercise of the within Warrant shall
be made pursuant to registration of the Common Stock under the Securities Act of
1933,  as amended  (the  "Securities  Act") or  pursuant  to an  exemption  from
registration under the Securities Act.

Dated:
      -------------------------   ----------------------------------------------
                                  (Signature must conform to name of holder as
                                  specified on the face of the Warrant)

                                  Address:
                                          --------------------------------------


                                       10
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT B

                         FORM OF TRANSFEROR ENDORSEMENT

                   (To Be Signed Only On Transfer Of Warrant)

      For value received,  the undersigned hereby sells,  assigns, and transfers
unto the  person(s)  named  below  under  the  heading  "Transferees"  the right
represented  by the within  Warrant to  purchase  the  percentage  and number of
shares of Common Stock of AGU Entertainment  Corp. into which the within Warrant
relates  specified  under the  headings  "Percentage  Transferred"  and  "Number
Transferred," respectively,  opposite the name(s) of such person(s) and appoints
each such person  Attorney to transfer its respective  right on the books of AGU
Entertainment Corp. with full power of substitution in the premises.

                                           Percentage        Number
Transferees       Address                 Transferred   Transferred
- ------------      ----------        -----------------   -----------

- ------------      ----------        -----------------   -----------

- ------------      ----------        -----------------   -----------

- ------------      ----------        -----------------   -----------

Dated
     ----------------------------   --------------------------------------------
                                   (Signature must conform to name of holder as
                                   specified on the face of the Warrant)

                                    Address:
                                            ------------------------------------

                                            ------------------------------------

                                   SIGNED IN THE PRESENCE OF:



                                    --------------------------------------------
                                                    (Name)
ACCEPTED AND AGREED:
[TRANSFEREE]

- -----------------------------
       (Name)

                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>v010420_ex4-3.txt
<TEXT>

                                 PROMISSORY NOTE

$7,000,000.00                                           Fort Lauderdale, Florida
                                                            December 20, 2004


      The  undersigned,   AGU  ENTERTAINMENT   CORP.,  a  Delaware   corporation
(hereinafter  called  "Maker" or  "Borrower"),  promises  to pay to the order of
CHARLEY  ZECHES,  in her  capacity  as  Trustee  of LAKES  HOLDING  TRUST  under
Agreement  dated July 27, 2001  (hereinafter,  together with any holder  hereof,
called "Payee" or "Lender"),  at her office at 3200 West Oakland Park Boulevard,
Fort Lauderdale,  Florida  33311-1245,  or at such other place as Payee may from
time to time  designate,  the principal sum of Seven Million and 00/100  Dollars
($7,000,000.00),  together  with  interest  thereon  from the date hereof at the
interest rate set forth below, which sums are to be repaid as follows:

      This Note shall bear interest at a fixed interest rate of six and one half
percent (6.5%) per annum.  Payments of interest only shall be due and payable on
a  monthly  basis,  with the first  payment  due and  payable  on the 1st day of
December, 2004, with monthly payments of interest due and payable in the 1st day
of each month  thereafter  until the 1st day of  November,  2005 (the  "Maturity
Date") on which date the entire principal balance of the Note, together with all
accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other  applicable  changes should be
due and payable in full. A principal  payment in the amount of Two Hundred Fifty
Thousand and 00/100 Dollars  ($250,000.00) shall be due and payable on April 25,
2005.

      Maker has deposited into an interest  bearing  escrow account  established
with Payee (the "Tax and Interest  Escrow  Account") the amount of  $150,000.00,
which shall be used to pay the next three  monthly  interest  payments due under
this Note and the excess,  if any, shall be held by Payee and applied to pay any
real estate taxes due in connection with the Real Property.  Maker shall deposit
into the Tax and Interest Escrow Account,  additional  quarterly  prepayments of
interest  and  estimated  real estate  taxes,  to be applied as described in the
previous  sentence,  each in the amount of $145,000,  on January 25, 2005, April
25, 2005 and August 25, 2005.  Payee will remit from the Tax and Interest Escrow
Account, the payment of real estate taxes, however,  prior thereto, Maker shall,
if the amount in such Tax and Interest  Escrow Account  allocated to real estate
taxes is  deficient,  pay the  shortfall  to Payee  immediately  upon receipt of
notice  of such  deficiency  from  Payee.  All  interest  earned  in the Tax and
Interest  Escrow  Account  shall be  allocated to the benefit of and be the sole
property of Maker.  Maker has furnished  Payee with its FEIN in connection  with
the  establishment of the Tax and Interest Escrow Account.  The Tax and Interest
Escrow Account shall be held in accordance with the terms and provisions of that
certain Mortgage Deed and Security Agreement executed by Maker in favor of Payee
of even date herewith.

      Interest  charged  under  this Note  shall be  computed  on the basis of a
360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed. All payments hereunder shall
be made in such coin or currency of the United  States of America as at the time
of payment  shall be legal  tender for the payment of public and private  debts,
and shall be applied  first to interest  and lawful  charges and  expenses  then
accrued and then to principal.

<PAGE>

      In order to compensate  Payee for loss and expense  occasioned by handling
delinquent  payments,  which  include,  but  are not  limited  to,  the  cost of
processing and collecting  delinquencies,  Maker shall pay to Payee, in addition
to any interest or other sums payable under this Note, a service charge equal to
five percent  (5%) of the amount of any payment  received by Payee ten (10) days
or more after the due date thereof.

      The  outstanding  principal  balance of this Note or any  portion  thereof
shall be  convertible,  at any time, at the sole option of Payee into the common
stock, no par value, of Maker (the "Conversion Shares") at a conversion price of
$2.50 per share.  The  Conversion  Shares  shall be  restricted  securities,  in
accordance  with  applicable  securities  laws,  and  shall  include  "piggyback
registration"  rights, in accordance with that certain Stock Purchase  Agreement
by and between Maker and Payee of even date  herewith.  Additionally,  upon five
(5) days prior written notice  ("Prepayment  Notice") to Payee, this Note may be
prepaid  in full by Maker at any time  during  the term of this Note in the sole
discretion of Maker,  without any prepayment  penalty.  Such  Prepayment  Notice
shall not preclude Payee's  conversion  option, as described above, if exercised
prior to the later of: (i) the date of Payee's  receipt  of such  prepayment  or
(ii) the date of Payee's receipt of the Prepayment Notice.

      From and after the date upon which any  payment of  principal  or interest
hereunder  becomes due and payable (whether by acceleration or otherwise) if the
same is not timely paid, or upon the  occurrence of any other default under this
Note or any  default  under  any of the  Loan  Documents  (as  defined  herein),
interest  shall be payable on all sums  outstanding  hereunder at the lesser of:
(i) the maximum  rate  permitted  by  applicable  law or (ii) 18% per annum (the
"Default Rate"),  and shall be due and payable ON DEMAND.  Any judgment obtained
by Payee  against  Maker as to any  amounts  due under this Note shall also bear
interest at the Default Rate.

      This  Note is  secured  by  certain  security  documents  encumbering  the
property described therein, including, without limitation, the following:

      A.    Mortgage Deed and Security Agreement.
      B.    UCC-1 Financing Statements.
      C.    Associated   affidavits,    disclosures   and   miscellaneous   loan
            documentation.

This Note,  all documents  listed  above,  and any other  documents  executed in
connection with this Note, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Loan
Documents".

      In the event of the  continuation  of any  default  in the  payment of any
interest,  principal  or  escrows  under this Note for a period of ten (10) days
after such  payment  becomes due, or upon the  occurrence  of any other event of
default  under  the  terms  and  provisions  of  this  Note  or any of the  Loan
Documents,  or any other  documents  delivered to Payee in connection  with this
Note,  or any other  obligation  of Maker to Payee,  then Payee may  declare the
entire unpaid principal  amount  outstanding  hereunder,  together with interest
accrued thereon and any other lawful charges accrued hereunder,  immediately due
and payable.

                                       2
<PAGE>

      Maker and any endorsers,  sureties, guarantors, and all others who are, or
at some future date may become, liable for the payments required hereunder grant
a continuing first lien security interest in and to, and authorize Payee, in its
sole discretion at any time after an event of default  hereunder,  in such order
as Payee  may  elect,  to apply to the  payment  of  obligations  due and  owing
hereunder,  or to the  payment  of any and  all  indebtedness,  liabilities  and
obligations of such parties to Payee, whether now existing or hereafter created,
any and all monies,  general or specific  deposits,  or collateral of whatsoever
nature of any of the above noted parties,  now or hereafter in the possession of
Payee. All property  described in this paragraph above,  along with all property
secured by the Loan  Documents,  including  all  proceeds  thereof and rights in
connection therewith, together with additions and substitutions, are hereinafter
collectively referred to as the "Collateral".

      Additions to, releases,  reductions,  or exchanges of or substitutions for
the  Collateral,  payments on account of this Note, or increases of the same, or
other loans made partially or wholly upon the Collateral,  may from time to time
be made without  affecting the provisions of this Note or the liabilities of any
party  hereto.  If any of the  Collateral  is  personal  property,  Payee  shall
exercise  reasonable  care in the custody and  preservation of the Collateral in
its  possession,  and shall be deemed to have  exercised  reasonable  care if it
takes such action for that purpose as Maker shall reasonably request in writing,
but no  omission to comply with any request of Maker shall of itself be deemed a
failure to exercise  reasonable care. Payee shall not be bound to take any steps
necessary to preserve any rights in the Collateral  against prior  parties,  and
Maker shall take all  necessary  steps for such  purposes.  Payee or its nominee
need not collect  interest on or principal of any  Collateral or give any notice
with respect thereto.

      In the event Payee deems itself  insecure or upon the  happening of any of
the following events,  each of which shall constitute a default  hereunder,  all
sums due hereunder  shall thereupon or thereafter,  at Payee's  option,  without
notice or demand, become immediately due and payable: (a) failure of any Obligor
(which term shall mean and  include  each Maker,  endorser,  surety,  guarantor,
general  partner  of Maker or other  party  liable for  payment  of or  pledging
collateral  or security  under this Note) to pay any sum due hereunder or due by
any  Obligor  to Payee  under any other  promissory  note or under any  security
instrument or written  obligation of any kind now existing or hereafter created;
(b)  occurrence  of default  (other  than a default  relating to any payment due
hereunder)  under any of the Loan  Documents  or any  other  loan  agreement  or
security  instrument now or hereafter in effect which, by its terms, covers this
Note or the indebtedness evidenced hereby, provided, however, if such default by
its nature can be cured,  then  Borrower  shall have a period of 30 days  ("Cure
Period") after Borrower  receives  notice of such default to cure the same and a
default  shall not be deemed to exist during the Cure Period;  provided  further
that if Borrower  commences to cure such  failure  during the Cure Period and is
diligently,  and in good faith,  attempting to effect such cure, the Cure Period
shall be extended for so long as Borrower shall diligently  pursue completion of
such Cure,  up to a maximum of 90 days;  (c)  filing of any  petition  under the
Bankruptcy  Code or any  similar  federal or state  statute  by or  against  any
Obligor or the insolvency of any Obligor;  (d) making of a general assignment by
any Obligor for the benefit of creditors, appointment of or taking possession by
a receiver,  trustee or custodian or similar official for any Obligor or for any
assets of any such Obligor or  institution by or against any Obligor of any kind
of insolvency  proceedings or any  proceeding for  dissolution or liquidation of
any Obligor;  (e) entry of a judgment against any Obligor,  which results in the
filing of a lien against any of the collateral securing this Note, which lien is
not released or terminated  within 30 days of the filing  thereof;  (f) material
falsity in any certificate, statement, representation,  warranty or audit at any
time  furnished  to Payee  by or on  behalf  of any  Obligor  pursuant  to or in
connection  with this Note, the Loan Documents or any loan agreement or security
agreements now or hereafter in effect which,  by its terms,  covers this Note or
the  indebtedness  evidenced  hereby or  otherwise  including  any  omission  to
disclose any  substantial  contingent or liquidated  liabilities or any material
adverse  change  in  any  facts   disclosed  by  any   certificate,   statement,
representation,  warranty or audit furnished to Payee;  (h) issuance of any writ
of  attachment  or writ  of  garnishment  or  filing  of any  lien  against  any
Collateral  or the  property of any  Obligor;  (i) taking of  possession  of any
material Collateral or of any substantial part of the property of any Obligor at
the  instance  of any  governmental  authority;  (j)  dissolution,  termination,
merger, consolidation,  or reorganization of any Obligor; (k) assignment or sale
by any  Obligor of any equity in any  Collateral  securing  payment of this Note
without the prior written  consent of Payee;  (l)  cancellation  of any guaranty
with  respect  hereto  without  the prior  written  consent  of  Payee;  (m) the
determination  by Payee that a material adverse change has occurred with respect
to the  property  encumbered  by the  Loan  Documents  (financial,  physical  or
otherwise) or in the  financial  condition of any Obligor from the condition set
forth  in the  most  recent  financial  statements  of such  Obligor  heretofore
furnished  to Payee or from the  condition of such  Obligor as  heretofore  most
recently  disclosed  to Payee in any manner;  or (n)  occurrence  of any default
under any guaranty executed in connection with this Note or under any obligation
of Maker or of any Obligor to Payee.


                                       3
<PAGE>

      Payee shall have all of the rights and  remedies of a creditor,  mortgagee
and secured party under all applicable law.  Without  limiting the generality of
the  foregoing,  upon the  occurrence  of any default  hereunder or in the event
Payee, at any time, deems itself insecure, Payee may, at its option, and without
notice or demand (i) declare the entire unpaid  principal  and accrued  interest
accelerated  and due and  payable  at  once,  together  with  any and all  other
liabilities  of Maker or any of such  liabilities  selected  by Payee;  and (ii)
set-off  against  this Note all monies  owed by Payee in any  capacity to Maker,
whether or not due, and also set-off  against all other  liabilities of Maker to
Payee all monies  owed by Payee in any  capacity  to Maker,  and Payee  shall be
deemed  to have  exercised  such  right of  set-off,  and to have  made a charge
against any such money immediately upon the occurrence of such default, although
made or entered on the books subsequent  thereto.  To the extent that any of the
Collateral  is personal  property and Payee elects to proceed with respect to it
in accordance with the Uniform  Commercial Code then,  unless that collateral is
perishable  or  threatens  to  decline  speedily  in  value,  or  is  of a  type
customarily sold on a recognized market, Payee will give Maker reasonable notice
of the time and place of any public or private sale thereof.  The requirement of
reasonable  notice shall be met if such notice is, at the option of Payee,  hand
delivered,  sent via expedited courier, or mailed, postage pre-paid to Maker, at
the  address  given to Payee by  Maker,  or at any  other  address  shown on the
records  of Payee  at  least  five  (5)  days  before  the  time of  sale.  Upon
disposition  of any Collateral  after the  occurrence of any default  hereunder,
Maker  shall be and shall  remain  liable for any  deficiency;  and Payee  shall
account to Maker for any surplus, but Payee shall have the right to apply all or
part of such surplus (or to hold the same as reserve)  against any and all other
liabilities of Maker to Payee.


                                       4
<PAGE>

      Payee may,  at any time,  whether  or not this Note is due:  (i) pledge or
transfer  this Note and its interest in the  Collateral,  and the pledgee or the
transferee shall, for all purposes, stand in the place of Payee and have all the
rights of Payee set forth  herein;  (ii)  transfer  the whole or any part of the
Collateral  into the name of itself or its nominee;  (iii) vote the  Collateral;
(iv) notify  Maker to make  payment to Payee of any amounts due or to become due
thereon;  (v) demand, sue for, collect,  or make any compromise or settlement it
deems  desirable  with  reference to the  Collateral;  (vi) take  possession  or
control of any proceeds of the  Collateral;  and (vii) exercise all other rights
necessary or required, in Payee's discretion,  in order to protect its interests
hereunder.

      In no event shall Payee be entitled to unearned or  unaccrued  interest or
other  charges or rebates,  except as may be  authorized  by law, and should any
interest or other charges paid by Maker or other parties  liable for the payment
of this Note result in the  computation  or earning of interest in excess of the
maximum rate of interest that is legally  permitted  under  applicable law, then
any and all such excess shall be and the same is hereby waived by Payee, and any
and all such  excess  shall be  automatically  credited  against  and reduce the
balance  due under  this  indebtedness,  and the  portion of said  excess  which
exceeds the balance due under this indebtedness, shall be paid by Payee to Maker
and parties liable for the payment of this Note.  Payee may, in determining  the
maximum rate permitted  under  applicable law in effect from time to time,  take
advantage of (i) the maximum  rate of interest  permitted  under  Florida law or
federal law,  whichever is higher,  including  any laws  regarding  parity among
lenders;  and (ii) any other law, rule or regulation in effect from time to time
available to Payee, which exempts Payee from any limit upon the rate of interest
it may charge,  or grants to Payee the right to charge a higher rate of interest
than that permitted by Chapter 687, Florida Statutes.  In determining whether or
not the  interest  paid or payable  under any specific  contingency  exceeds the
highest  lawful  rate,  Payee  shall,  to the  maximum  extent  permitted  under
applicable law (a) characterize any non-principal  payment as an expense, fee or
premium  rather than as  interest,  (b) exclude  voluntary  prepayments  and the
effects  thereof,  and (c) "spread" the total amount of interest  throughout the
maximum term of the  obligation so that the interest rate is uniform  throughout
the entire term of the obligation.

      The  provisions  of this Note and the Loan  Documents  shall be  construed
according to the internal  laws (and not the laws of  conflicts) of the State of
Florida;  except as set forth  above,  if Federal law would allow the payment of
interest  hereunder  at a higher  maximum  rate than would be  applicable  under
Florida law, in which case such Federal law shall apply to the  determination of
the highest applicable lawful rate of interest hereunder.

      No  delay  or  omission  on the part of  Payee  in  exercising  any  right
hereunder  shall  operate as a waiver of such right or of any other rights under
this  Note.  Presentment,  demand,  protest,  notice of  dishonor  and all other
notices are hereby waived by Maker.  Maker  promises and agrees to pay all costs
of collection and attorneys'  fees,  which shall include  reasonable  attorneys'
fees in  connection  with any  suit,  out of  court,  in trial,  on  appeal,  in
bankruptcy proceedings or otherwise, incurred or paid by Payee in enforcing this
Note or preserving  any right or interest of Payee set forth herein.  Any notice
to Maker shall be  sufficiently  served for all  purposes if placed in the mail,
postage prepaid, addressed to, or left upon the premises at the address of Maker
as provided to Payee.

                                       5
<PAGE>

      This Note is not assumable  without Payee's prior written  consent,  which
consent may be granted by Payee or denied by Payee, in Payee's sole and absolute
discretion.

      Maker agrees that Broward  County,  Florida  shall be the proper venue for
any and all  legal  proceedings  arising  out of  this  Note or any of the  Loan
Documents.

      WAIVER  OF TRIAL BY JURY.  MAKER  AND PAYEE  HEREBY  MUTUALLY,  KNOWINGLY,
WILLINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY  WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND NO PARTY,  NOR
ANY ASSIGNEE,  SUCCESSOR,  HEIR, OR LEGAL  REPRESENTATIVE OF THE PARTIES (ALL OF
WHOM ARE  HEREINAFTER  REFERRED TO AS THE "PARTIES")  SHALL SEEK A JURY TRIAL IN
ANY LAWSUIT, PROCEEDING,  COUNTERCLAIM, OR ANY OTHER LITIGATION PROCEEDING BASED
UPON OR  ARISING  OUT OF THIS  NOTE OR THE  LOAN  DOCUMENTS,  OR ANY  INSTRUMENT
EVIDENCING,  SECURING,  OR RELATING TO THE  INDEBTEDNESS  AND OTHER  OBLIGATIONS
EVIDENCED  HEREBY OR ANY RELATED  AGREEMENT OR INSTRUMENT,  ANY OTHER COLLATERAL
FOR THE  INDEBTEDNESS  EVIDENCED  HEREBY  OR ANY  COURSE  OF  ACTION,  COURSE OF
DEALING,  STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS RELATING TO THE LOAN
OR TO THIS NOTE. THE PARTIES ALSO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO  CONSOLIDATE  ANY ACTION IN
WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS BEEN WAIVED,  WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL
HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH HAVE BEEN FULLY NEGOTIATED
BY THE  PARTIES.  THE WAIVER  CONTAINED  HEREIN IS  IRREVOCABLE,  CONSTITUTES  A
KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY WAIVER,  AND SHALL BE SUBJECT TO NO EXCEPTIONS.  PAYEE HAS
IN NO WAY  AGREED  WITH OR  REPRESENTED  TO MAKER OR ANY  OTHER  PARTY  THAT THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH WILL NOT BE FULLY ENFORCED IN ALL INSTANCES.

      THE  PROPER  FLORIDA  DOCUMENTARY  STAMP TAX HAS BEEN PAID AND THE  PROPER
DOCUMENTARY STAMPS HAVE BEEN AFFIXED TO THE MORTGAGE DEED AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
SECURING THIS PROMISSORY NOTE.

                                               AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP., a
                                               Delaware corporation

                                               By: /s/ David Levy
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                   David Levy, President

                                       6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>v010420_ex10-1.txt
<TEXT>


                          SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

      THIS SECURITIES  PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered
into as of December 20, 2004, by and between AGU Entertainment Corp., a Delaware
corporation  (the "Company"),  its Subsidiaries The Tube Music Network,  Inc., a
Florida corporation ("Tube Music"), and Pyramid Records  International,  Inc., a
Florida  corporation  ("Pyramid  Records"),   on  the  one  hand,  and  Mitchell
Entertainment  Company,  a Delaware limited liability company (the "Purchaser"),
on the other hand.

                                    RECITALS

      WHEREAS,  each  of  the  Company,  Tube  Music  and  Pyramid  Records  has
authorized the issuance and sale to the Purchaser of a Secured  Convertible Term
Note in the aggregate principal amount of Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000) (as
amended,  modified or supplemented from time to time, the "Note"), which Note is
convertible  into shares of the Company's  common stock,  no par value per share
(the "Common Stock") at an initial conversion price of $1.50 per share of Common
Stock ("Conversion Price");

      WHEREAS,  the Note and all obligations of the Company under this Agreement
and the Related  Agreements  (as  hereinafter  defined) will be secured by (a) a
second  mortgage on real  property to be acquired  concurrently  herewith by the
Company  between 31st Avenue and Summerset Drive in Lauderdale  Lakes,  Florida,
consisting of approximately  22.6 acres (the "Lauderdale Lakes  Property"),  and
(b) a security  interest in  substantially  all of the  remaining  assets of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, all as approved by the Purchaser;

      WHEREAS,  the  Company  wishes  to issue a  warrant  to the  Purchaser  to
purchase  up to  2,000,000  shares of the  Company's  Common  Stock  (subject to
adjustment as set forth therein) in connection with Purchaser's  purchase of the
Note;

      WHEREAS,  Purchaser  desires  to  purchase  the Note and the  Warrant  (as
defined in Section 2) on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

      WHEREAS,  the  Company  desires to issue and sell the Note and  Warrant to
Purchaser on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

                                    AGREEMENT

      NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual
promises,  representations,  warranties and covenants  hereinafter set forth and
for other good and valuable consideration,  the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby  acknowledged,  the parties hereto agree as follows:


<PAGE>

      1.  Agreement to Sell and Purchase.  Pursuant to the terms and  conditions
set forth in this Agreement,  on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 3), the
Company, Tube Music and Pyramid Records agree to sell to the Purchaser,  and the
Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase from such entities,  a Note in the aggregate
principal amount of $3,000,000  convertible in accordance with the terms thereof
into shares of the  Company's  Common Stock (the "Note  Shares").  A form of the
Note is annexed  hereto as Exhibit A. The Note will mature on the Maturity  Date
(as defined in the Note).  Collectively,  the Note and Warrant and Common  Stock
issuable  upon  conversion  of the Note and upon  exercise  of the  Warrant  are
referred to as the "Securities."

      2. Warrant and Fees. On the Closing  Date:

            (a) The Company will issue and deliver to the Purchaser a Warrant to
purchase  up to  2,000,000  shares of  Common  Stock (as  amended,  modified  or
supplemented from time to time, the "Warrant") pursuant to Section 1 hereof. The
Warrant be  delivered  on the  Closing  Date.  A form of the  Warrant is annexed
hereto  as  Exhibit   B.  All  the   representations,   covenants,   warranties,
undertakings,  and  indemnification,  and other rights made or granted to or for
the benefit of the Purchaser by the Company,  Tube Music and Pyramid Records are
hereby  also made and  granted  in  respect  of the  Warrant  and  shares of the
Company's  Common Stock  issuable  upon  exercise of the Warrant  (the  "Warrant
Shares").

            (b) The Company shall pay to Palmetto  Services,  Inc., an affiliate
of the Purchaser, a finders fee in an amount equal to $60,000. The foregoing fee
is referred to herein as the "Closing Payment."

            (c) The Company  shall  reimburse  the  Purchaser  for its costs and
expenses  (including legal fees) incurred in connection with the preparation and
negotiation of this Agreement and the Related  Agreements,  and the consummation
of the transactions  contemplated  thereby,  and expenses incurred in connection
with the  Purchaser's due diligence  review of the Company and its  Subsidiaries
and all related matters.

            (d)  The  Closing  Payment  and  the  expenses  referred  to in  the
preceding clause (c) (net of deposits previously paid by the Company) as well as
Borrower's  counsel  fees  shall  be paid  at  Closing  (as  defined  below)  in
accordance   with  a  disbursement   letter   prepared  by  the  Purchaser  (the
"Disbursement Letter").

      3. Closing, Delivery and Payment.

            3.1 Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions herein, the closing
of the transactions contemplated hereby (the "Closing"), shall take place on the
date  hereof,  at such time or place as the Company and  Purchaser  may mutually
agree (such date is hereinafter referred to as the "Closing Date").

            3.2 Delivery.  At the Closing on the Closing Date, the Company, Tube
Music and Pyramid  Records shall deliver to the  Purchaser,  among other things,
the Note and the Warrant and the Purchaser  shall deliver to the Company,  among
other  things,  the amounts set forth in the  Disbursement  Letter by  certified
funds or wire transfer.

                                       2
<PAGE>

      4.  Representations  and  Warranties of the Company and its  Subsidiaries.
Each of the  Company,  Tube Music and  Pyramid  Records  jointly  and  severally
represents and warrants to the Purchaser as follows (which  representations  and
warranties are supplemented by, and subject to, the Company's  filings under the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934  (collectively,  the "Exchange  Act  Filings"),
copies of which are available to the Purchaser):

            4.1  Organization,  Good  Standing  and  Qualification.  Each of the
Company and its Subsidiaries is a corporation  duly organized,  validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization. Each of
the Company and each of its  Subsidiaries  has the corporate power and authority
to own and  operate  its  properties  and  assets,  to execute  and  deliver the
following  to which  it is a party  (i)  this  Agreement,  (ii) the Note and the
Warrant  to be  issued  in  connection  with this  Agreement,  (iii) the  Master
Security  Agreement  dated  as of the  date  hereof  between  the  Company,  its
Subsidiaries and the Purchaser (as amended,  modified or supplemented  from time
to time,  the "Security  Agreement"),  (iv) the  Registration  Rights  Agreement
relating to the  Securities  dated as of the date hereof between the Company and
the  Purchaser  (as amended,  modified or  supplemented  from time to time,  the
"Registration Rights Agreement"),  (v) the Mortgage Deed and Security Agreement,
Assignment  of Rents and Leases dated as of the date hereof  between the Company
and the Purchaser (as amended,  modified or supplemented  from time to time, the
"Mortgage"),  (vi) the  Environmental  Indemnity  Agreement dated as of the date
hereof  between  the  Company  and  the  Purchaser  (as  amended,   modified  or
supplemented from time to time, the  "Environmental  Indemnity  Agreement),  and
(vii) all other  agreements  related to this Agreement and the Note and referred
to herein (the preceding clauses (ii) through (vii), collectively,  the "Related
Agreements"),  to issue and sell the Note and the Note Shares, to issue and sell
the  Warrant  and the  Warrant  Shares,  to  carry  out the  provisions  of this
Agreement and the Related  Agreements  and to carry on its business as presently
conducted.  Each of the Company and its  Subsidiaries  is duly  qualified and is
authorized  to do business  and is in good  standing  as a foreign  corporation,
partnership  or  limited  liability  company,   as  the  case  may  be,  in  all
jurisdictions  in which the nature of its activities and of its properties (both
owned  and  leased)  makes  such  qualification  necessary,   except  for  those
jurisdictions  in which failure to do so has not had, or could not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on
the  business,   assets,   liabilities,   condition  (financial  or  otherwise),
properties,  operations or prospects of the Company and it  Subsidiaries,  taken
individually and as a whole (a "Material Adverse Effect").

            4.2  Subsidiaries.  Each  direct  and  indirect  Subsidiary  of  the
Company,  the  direct  owner of such  Subsidiary  and its  percentage  ownership
thereof,  is set forth on Schedule  4.2.  For the purpose of this  Agreement,  a
"Subsidiary"  of any person or entity  means (i) a  corporation  or other entity
whose shares of stock or other ownership  interests having ordinary voting power
(other than stock or other ownership  interests having such power only by reason
of the happening of a contingency)  to elect a majority of the directors of such
corporation,  or other persons or entities performing similar functions for such
person or entity, are owned, directly or indirectly, by such person or entity or
(ii) a corporation or other entity in which such person or entity owns, directly
or indirectly, more than 50% of the equity interests at such time.

                                       3
<PAGE>

            4.3 Capitalization; Voting Rights.

            (a) The  authorized  capital  stock of the  Company,  as of the date
hereof consists of 110,000,000 shares, of which 100,000,000 are shares of Common
Stock, no par value, 23,355,076 shares of which are issued and outstanding,  and
10,000,000 are shares of preferred stock, no par value, of which zero shares are
issued and outstanding.  The authorized  capital stock of each Subsidiary of the
Company is set forth on Schedule 4.3.

            (b) Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.3,  other than: (i) the shares
reserved for issuance  under the Company's  stock option plans;  and (ii) shares
which may be granted  pursuant to this  Agreement  and the  Related  Agreements,
there are no outstanding  options,  warrants,  rights  (including  conversion or
preemptive rights and rights of first refusal), proxy or stockholder agreements,
or arrangements  or agreements of any kind for the purchase or acquisition  from
the Company of any of its  securities.  Except as  disclosed  on  Schedule  4.3,
neither the offer,  issuance or sale of any of the Note or the  Warrant,  or the
issuance of any of the Note Shares or Warrant  Shares,  nor the  consummation of
any  transaction  contemplated  hereby  will  result in a change in the price or
number of any  securities of the Company  outstanding,  under  anti-dilution  or
other similar provisions contained in or affecting any such securities.

            (c) All issued and outstanding shares of the Company's Common Stock:
(i) have  been  duly  authorized  and  validly  issued  and are  fully  paid and
nonassessable;  and (ii) were issued in compliance with all applicable state and
federal laws concerning the issuance of securities.

            (d) The rights,  preferences,  privileges  and  restrictions  of the
shares  of the  Common  Stock  are as stated  in the  Company's  Certificate  of
Incorporation (the "Charter"). The Note Shares and Warrant Shares have been duly
and validly reserved for issuance. When issued in compliance with the provisions
of this  Agreement and the Company's  Charter,  the  Securities  will be validly
issued,  fully  paid  and  nonassessable,  and  will  be free  of any  liens  or
encumbrances;   provided,  however,  that  the  Securities  may  be  subject  to
restrictions on transfer under state and/or federal securities laws as set forth
herein or as otherwise required by such laws at the time a transfer is proposed.

            4.4 Authorization;  Binding Obligations. All corporate action on the
part of the  Company  and each of its  Subsidiaries  (including  the  respective
officers and directors)  necessary for the  authorization  of this Agreement and
the Related  Agreements,  the  performance of all obligations of the Company and
its Subsidiaries hereunder and under the other Related Agreements at the Closing
and, the authorization,  sale, issuance and delivery of the Note and Warrant has
been taken or will be taken prior to the Closing. This Agreement and the Related
Agreements, when executed and delivered and to the extent it is a party thereto,
will  be  valid  and  binding  obligations  of  each  of  the  Company  and  its
Subsidiaries,  enforceable  against  each such person in  accordance  with their
terms, except:

                                       4
<PAGE>

            (a) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium  or  other  laws of  general  application  affecting  enforcement  of
creditors' rights; and

            (b) general  principles of equity that restrict the  availability of
equitable or legal remedies.

The sale of the Note and the subsequent  conversion of the Note into Note Shares
are not and will not be  subject  to any  preemptive  rights  or rights of first
refusal that have not been properly waived or complied with. The issuance of the
Warrant and the  subsequent  exercise of the Warrant for Warrant  Shares are not
and will not be subject to any preemptive rights or rights of first refusal that
have not been properly  waived or complied  with.

            4.5 Liabilities. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
any contingent liabilities,  except current liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business and liabilities disclosed in any Exchange Act Filings.

            4.6  Agreements;  Action.  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.6 or as
disclosed in any Exchange Act Filings:

            (a) there are no agreements, understandings, instruments, contracts,
proposed transactions,  judgments, orders, writs or decrees to which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound which may involve:
(i)  obligations  (contingent  or otherwise)  of, or payments to, the Company in
excess of $100,000  (other  than  obligations  of, or  payments  to, the Company
arising from purchase or sale agreements  entered into in the ordinary course of
business);  or (ii) the  transfer  or license of any  patent,  copyright,  trade
secret or other  proprietary  right to or from the Company  (other than licenses
arising from the  purchase of "off the shelf" or other  standard  products);  or
(iii) provisions restricting the development, manufacture or distribution of the
Company's  products or  services;  or (iv)  indemnification  by the Company with
respect to infringements of proprietary rights.

            (b) Since  December  31,  2003,  neither  the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has: (i) declared or paid any dividends,  or authorized or made any
distribution  upon or with respect to any class or series of its capital  stock;
(ii)  incurred  any  indebtedness  for money  borrowed or any other  liabilities
(other than ordinary  course  obligations);  (iii) made any loans or advances to
any person not in excess,  individually or in the aggregate, of $100,000,  other
than ordinary course advances for travel  expenses;  or (iv) sold,  exchanged or
otherwise  disposed  of any of its assets or rights,  other than the sale of its
inventory in the ordinary course of business.

            4.7 Obligations to Related Parties.  Except as set forth on Schedule
4.7,  there are no  obligations  of the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  to
officers,  directors,  stockholders  or  employees  of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries other than:

            (a) for  payment  of  salary in the  ordinary  course  for  services
rendered;

                                       5
<PAGE>



            (b) reimbursement for reasonable  expenses incurred on behalf of the
Company and its Subsidiaries;

            (c) for other standard employee benefits made generally available to
all employees  (including stock option  agreements  outstanding  under any stock
option plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Company); and

            (d)  obligations  listed  in  the  Company's  financial   statements
delivered to the Purchaser or disclosed in any of its Exchange Act Filings.

Except as described  above or set forth on Schedule  4.7,  none of the officers,
directors  or,  to the  best  of  the  Company's  knowledge,  key  employees  or
stockholders  of the Company or any  members of their  immediate  families,  are
indebted to the Company,  individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $50,000
or have any direct or indirect  ownership  interest  in any firm or  corporation
with which the  Company is  affiliated  or with which the Company has a business
relationship,  or any firm or corporation which competes with the Company, other
than passive  investments in publicly traded companies  (representing  less than
one percent (1%) of such company) which may compete with the Company.  Except as
described  above, no officer,  director or  stockholder,  or any member of their
immediate  families,  is,  directly or  indirectly,  interested  in any material
contract  with  the  Company  and  no  agreements,  understandings  or  proposed
transactions are contemplated between the Company and any such person. Except as
set forth on Schedule  4.7, the Company is not a guarantor or  indemnitor of any
indebtedness of any other person, firm or corporation.

            4.8 Changes.  Since  December  31, 2003,  except as disclosed in any
Exchange  Act  Filing  or in any  Schedule  to this  Agreement  or to any of the
Related Agreements,  there has not been:

            (a) any  change  in the  business,  assets,  liabilities,  condition
(financial or otherwise),  properties, operations or prospects of the Company or
any of its  Subsidiaries,  which  individually  or in the  aggregate has had, or
could  reasonably  be  expected to have,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  a
Material Adverse Effect;

            (b) any  resignation or termination of any officer,  key employee or
group of employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

            (c) any material change,  except in the ordinary course of business,
in the contingent  obligations of the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries by way
of guaranty, endorsement, indemnity, warranty or otherwise;

            (d) any  damage,  destruction  or loss,  whether  or not  covered by
insurance,  has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect;

            (e)  any  waiver  by the  Company  or any of its  Subsidiaries  of a
valuable right or of a material debt owed to it;

                                       6
<PAGE>

            (f) any direct or  indirect  loans made by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to any stockholder, employee, officer or director of the Company or
any of its  Subsidiaries,  other than  advances  made in the ordinary  course of
business;

            (g) any material change in any compensation arrangement or agreement
with any employee, officer, director or stockholder of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries;

            (h) any declaration or payment of any dividend or other distribution
of the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

            (i) any labor organization activity related to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries;

            (j)  any  debt,   obligation  or  liability  incurred,   assumed  or
guaranteed  by  the  Company  or  any  of its  Subsidiaries,  except  those  for
immaterial amounts and for current  liabilities  incurred in the ordinary course
of business;

            (k) any sale,  assignment  or transfer of any  patents,  trademarks,
copyrights, trade secrets or other intangible assets owned by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries;

            (l) any change in any material agreement to which the Company or any
of its  Subsidiaries  is a party or by which  either  the  Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is bound which either  individually or in the aggregate has had, or
could  reasonably  be  expected to have,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  a
Material Adverse Effect;

            (m) any other  event or  condition  of any  character  that,  either
individually  or in the aggregate,  has had, or could  reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; or

            (n) any  arrangement  or  commitment  by the  Company  or any of its
Subsidiaries  to do any of the acts  described  in  subsection  (a)  through (m)
above.

            4.9 Title to Properties and Assets;  Liens, Etc. Except as set forth
on  Schedule  4.9,  each  of the  Company  and its  Subsidiaries  has  good  and
marketable  title to its properties and assets,  and good title to its leasehold
estates, in each case subject to no mortgage,  pledge, lien, lease,  encumbrance
or charge,  other than:

            (a) those resulting from taxes which have not yet become delinquent;

            (b) minor liens and  encumbrances  which do not  materially  detract
from the  value  of the  property  subject  thereto  or  materially  impair  the
operations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and

            (c) those  that have  otherwise  arisen  in the  ordinary  course of
business.

All facilities,  machinery,  equipment,  fixtures, vehicles and other properties
owned,  leased or used by the Company and its Subsidiaries are in good operating
condition  and repair and are  reasonably  fit and usable for the  purposes  for
which they are being used.  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.9, the Company and
its  Subsidiaries  are in  compliance  with all material  terms of each lease or
license  to  which  it is a  party  or is  otherwise  bound.

                                       7
<PAGE>

      4.10 Intellectual Property.

      (a) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.10,  each of the Company and each of
its  Subsidiaries  owns or  possesses  sufficient  legal  rights to all patents,
trademarks,  service marks, trade names,  copyrights,  trade secrets,  licenses,
information  and  other  proprietary  rights  and  processes  necessary  for its
business as now conducted and to the Company's knowledge,  as presently proposed
to be conducted (the "Intellectual Property"), without any known infringement of
the rights of others. There are no outstanding  options,  licenses or agreements
of any kind relating to the foregoing  proprietary rights, nor is the Company or
any of  its  Subsidiaries  bound  by or a  party  to any  options,  licenses  or
agreements of any kind with respect to the patents,  trademarks,  service marks,
trade  names,  copyrights,  trade  secrets,  licenses,   information  and  other
proprietary  rights and  processes of any other person or entity other than such
licenses or agreements  arising from the purchase of "off the shelf" or standard
products.

      (b) Except as set forth on Schedule  4.10,  neither the Company nor any of
its  Subsidiaries has received any  communications  alleging that the Company or
any of its  Subsidiaries  has violated any of the patents,  trademarks,  service
marks,  trade names,  copyrights or trade secrets or other proprietary rights of
any other person or entity,  nor is the Company or any of its Subsidiaries aware
of any basis therefor.

      (c) The Company does not believe it is or will be necessary to utilize any
inventions,  trade secrets or  proprietary  information  of any of its employees
made prior to their employment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except
for  inventions,  trade  secrets  or  proprietary  information  that  have  been
rightfully assigned to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

      4.11 Compliance with Other Instruments. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries  is in  violation  or  default  of (x) any term of its  Charter  or
Bylaws,  or (y) of any  provision  of  any  indebtedness,  mortgage,  indenture,
contract,  agreement or  instrument to which it is party or by which it is bound
or of any judgment,  decree,  order or writ, which violation or default,  in the
case of this  clause  (y),  has had,  or could  reasonably  be expected to have,
either  individually  or in  the  aggregate,  a  Material  Adverse  Effect.  The
execution,  delivery and  performance of and compliance  with this Agreement and
the Related  Agreements to which it is a party, and the issuance and sale of the
Note by the Company and the other Securities by the Company each pursuant hereto
and thereto,  will not, with or without the passage of time or giving of notice,
result in any such  material  violation,  or be in conflict with or constitute a
default  under any such term or  provision,  or  result in the  creation  of any
mortgage,  pledge,  lien,  encumbrance  or charge upon any of the  properties or
assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the suspension,  revocation,
impairment,  forfeiture or nonrenewal of any permit,  license,  authorization or
approval  applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,  its business or
operations or any of its assets or properties.

                                       8
<PAGE>

      4.12 Litigation.  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.12 hereto, there is no
action,  suit,   proceeding  or  investigation  pending  or,  to  the  Company's
knowledge,  currently  threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
that  prevents the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  from  entering into this
Agreement or the other Related Agreements, or from consummating the transactions
contemplated  hereby  or  thereby,  or which  has had,  or could  reasonably  be
expected to have,  either  individually or in the aggregate,  a Material Adverse
Effect or any change in the current  equity  ownership  of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, nor is the Company aware that there is any basis to assert any
of the foregoing.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party or
subject to the provisions of any order, writ, injunction,  judgment or decree of
any court or government  agency or  instrumentality.  There is no action,  suit,
proceeding or investigation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries  currently
pending or which the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  intends to  initiate.


      4.13  Tax  Returns  and  Payments.  Each of the  Company  and  each of its
Subsidiaries  has  timely  filed all tax  returns  (federal,  state  and  local)
required  to be filed by it.  All  taxes  shown  to be due and  payable  on such
returns,  any  assessments  imposed,  and all other taxes due and payable by the
Company or any of its  Subsidiaries on or before the Closing,  have been paid or
will be paid prior to the time they  become  delinquent.  Except as set forth on
Schedule 4.13, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been advised:

      (a) that any of its  returns,  federal,  state or other,  have been or are
being audited as of the date hereof; or

      (b) of any  deficiency in assessment or proposed  judgment to its federal,
state or other taxes.

The Company has no knowledge of any  liability of any tax to be imposed upon its
properties  or assets as of the date of this  Agreement  that is not  adequately
provided for.

      4.14 Employees.  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.14, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has any collective bargaining agreements with any of
its employees.  There is no labor union  organizing  activity pending or, to the
Company's  knowledge,  threatened  with  respect  to the  Company  or any of its
Subsidiaries.  Except as  disclosed  in the  Exchange Act Filings or on Schedule
4.14,  neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by
any currently effective employment contract,  deferred compensation arrangement,
bonus plan,  incentive plan, profit sharing plan,  retirement agreement or other
employee compensation plan or agreement. To the Company's knowledge, no employee
of the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries,  nor any  consultant  with whom the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries  has contracted,  is in violation of any term
of any  employment  contract,  proprietary  information  agreement  or any other
agreement  relating to the right of any such individual to be employed by, or to
contract with, the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  because of the nature of
the business to be conducted by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries;  and to
the Company's  knowledge  the continued  employment by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of its present employees,  and the performance of the Company's and
its Subsidiaries' contracts with its independent contractors, will not result in
any such  violation.  Neither the Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries  is aware
that any of its employees is obligated under any contract  (including  licenses,

                                       9
<PAGE>

covenants or  commitments of any nature) or other  agreement,  or subject to any
judgment,  decree or order of any court or  administrative  agency,  that  would
interfere with their duties to the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries.  Neither
the Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries  has received any notice  alleging that
any such  violation  has  occurred.  Except  for  employees  who have a  current
effective  employment  or  consulting  agreement  with the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries,  no employee of the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  has been
granted  the  right  to  continued  employment  by  the  Company  or  any of its
Subsidiaries or to any material compensation following termination of employment
with the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries.  Except as set forth on  Schedule
4.14,  the  Company  is not aware that any  officer,  key  employee  or group of
employees  intends to terminate his, her or their employment with the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries,  nor does the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have a
present  intention to terminate the  employment of any officer,  key employee or
group of employees.

      4.15  Registration  Rights  and  Voting  Rights.  Except  as set  forth on
Schedule  4.15 and except as  disclosed  in Exchange  Act  Filings,  neither the
Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries  is  presently  under any  obligation,  and
neither  the  Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries  has  granted any rights,  to
register  any  of  the  Company's  or its  Subsidiaries'  presently  outstanding
securities or any of its securities that may hereafter be issued.  Except as set
forth on Schedule  4.15 and except as disclosed in Exchange Act Filings,  to the
Company's  knowledge,  no stockholder of the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries
has entered into any agreement  with respect to the voting of equity  securities
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

      4.16  Compliance  with Laws;  Permits.  Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in violation of any applicable statute, rule, regulation,  order
or restriction of any domestic or foreign  government or any  instrumentality or
agency thereof in respect of the conduct of its business or the ownership of its
properties  which has had,  or could  reasonably  be  expected  to have,  either
individually or in the aggregate,  a Material  Adverse  Effect.  No governmental
orders,  permissions,  consents,  approvals or authorizations are required to be
obtained  and no  registrations  or  declarations  are  required  to be filed in
connection  with the  execution  and  delivery  of this  Agreement  or any other
Related Agreement and the issuance of any of the Securities,  except such as has
been duly and validly  obtained or filed,  or with  respect to any filings  that
must be made after the Closing, as will be filed in a timely manner. Each of the
Company and its Subsidiaries has all material franchises,  permits, licenses and
any similar  authority  necessary  for the conduct of its  business as now being
conducted  by it,  the  lack  of  which  could,  either  individually  or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

      4.17  Environmental  and Safety  Laws.  Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries  is in  violation  of any  applicable  statute,  law or  regulation
relating  to the  environment  or  occupational  health and  safety,  and to its
knowledge,  no material  expenditures are or will be required in order to comply
with any such  existing  statute,  law or  regulation.  Except  as set  forth on
Schedule  4.17, no Hazardous  Materials (as defined below) are used or have been
used,  stored,  or disposed of by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries or, to
the Company's  knowledge,  by any other person or entity on any property  owned,
leased or used by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries.  For the  purposes of
the preceding sentence, "Hazardous Materials" shall mean:

                                       10
<PAGE>

      (a)  materials  which are listed or otherwise  defined as  "hazardous"  or
"toxic" under any  applicable  local,  state,  federal  and/or  foreign laws and
regulations  that  govern  the  existence  and/or  remedy  of  contamination  on
property,  the protection of the environment from contamination,  the control of
hazardous wastes, or other activities involving hazardous substances,  including
building materials; or

      (b) any petroleum products or nuclear materials.

      4.18 Valid  Offering.  Assuming  the accuracy of the  representations  and
warranties of the Purchaser  contained in this  Agreement,  the offer,  sale and
issuance  of  the  Note  and  Warrant  will  be  exempt  from  the  registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  "Securities  Act"),
and will have been registered or qualified (or are exempt from  registration and
qualification) under the registration,  permit or qualification  requirements of
all applicable state securities laws.

      4.19 Full Disclosure. Each of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has
provided  the  Purchaser  with all  information  requested  by the  Purchaser in
connection  with its decision to purchase the Note and  Warrant,  including  all
information the Company and its Subsidiaries  believe is reasonably necessary to
make such investment decision.  Neither this Agreement,  the Related Agreements,
the exhibits and schedules  hereto and thereto nor any other document  delivered
by the Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  to  Purchaser  or its  attorneys  or
agents in connection herewith or therewith or with the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby,  contain any untrue  statement of a material fact nor omit to
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein
or  therein,  in  light  of the  circumstances  in  which  they  are  made,  not
misleading.  Any  financial  projections  and other  estimates  provided  to the
Purchaser by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries  were based on the Company's
and its Subsidiaries'  experience in the industry and on assumptions of fact and
opinion as to future events which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, at the
date  of  the  issuance  of  such  projections  or  estimates,  believed  to  be
reasonable.

      4.20  Insurance.  Each of the  Company  and each of its  Subsidiaries  has
general commercial, product liability, fire and casualty insurance policies with
coverages  which the Company  believes are  customary  for  companies  similarly
situated to the Company and its  Subsidiaries  in the same or similar  business.

      4.21 SEC Reports.  Except as set forth on Schedule  4.21,  the Company has
filed all proxy statements,  reports and other documents required to be filed by
it under the Securities  Exchange Act 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The
Company has furnished the  Purchaser  with copies of: (i) its Annual  Reports on
Form 10-KSB for its fiscal years ended  December 31, 2003 and 2002; and (ii) its
Quarterly  Reports on Form 10-QSB for its fiscal quarters ended in 2004, and the
Form  8-K  filings  which  it has  made  during  the  fiscal  year  2004 to date
(collectively,  the "SEC  Reports").  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.21, each
SEC Report was, at the time of its filing,  in substantial  compliance  with the
requirements  of its  respective  form  and  none  of the SEC  Reports,  nor the
financial  statements (and the notes thereto) included in the SEC Reports, as of
their respective filing dates, contained any untrue statement of a material fact
or omitted to state a material fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary
to make the statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading.

                                       11
<PAGE>

      4.22  No  Integrated  Offering.  Neither  the  Company,  nor  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  or affiliates,  nor any person acting on its or their behalf,  has
directly or indirectly made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any
offers to buy any security under  circumstances that would cause the offering of
the Securities pursuant to this Agreement or any of the Related Agreements to be
integrated  with prior  offerings by the Company for purposes of the  Securities
Act which would prevent the Company from selling the Securities pursuant to Rule
506 under the  Securities  Act, or any applicable  exchange-related  stockholder
approval  provisions,  nor  will  the  Company  or  any  of  its  affiliates  or
Subsidiaries  take any  action or steps  that would  cause the  offering  of the
Securities to be integrated with other offerings.

      4.23 Stop Transfer.  The  Securities  are restricted  securities as of the
date of this  Agreement.  Neither the Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries  will
issue any stop transfer  order or other order  impeding the sale and delivery of
any of the  Securities  at  such  time as a  registration  statement  under  the
Securities  Act  registering  the  Securities is effective or an exemption  from
registration  is available,  except as required by state and federal  securities
laws.

      4.24 Dilution.  The Company specifically  acknowledges that its obligation
to issue the shares of Common Stock upon  conversion of the Note and exercise of
the  Warrant is binding  upon the  Company  and  enforceable  regardless  of the
dilution such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders
of the Company.

      4.25  Patriot Act. The Company  certifies  that,  to the best of Company's
knowledge,  neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been designated,
and is not  owned or  controlled,  by a  "suspected  terrorist"  as  defined  in
Executive Order 13224. The Company hereby  acknowledges that the Purchaser seeks
to comply with all  applicable  laws  concerning  money  laundering  and related
activities.  In  furtherance of those  efforts,  the Company hereby  represents,
warrants and agrees that:  (i) none of the cash or property  that the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries will pay or will contribute to the Purchaser has been or
shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that is deemed criminal under
United States law; and (ii) no  contribution or payment by the Company or any of
its  Subsidiaries  to the  Purchaser,  to the  extent  that they are  within the
Company's  and/or its  Subsidiaries'  control shall cause the Purchaser to be in
violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States International
Money Laundering  Control Act of 1986 or the United States  International  Money
Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001. The Company shall
promptly notify the Purchaser if any of these representations  ceases to be true
and  accurate  regarding  the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries.  The Company
agrees to provide the Purchaser any additional information regarding the Company
or any of its  Subsidiaries  that the Purchaser deems necessary or convenient to
ensure  compliance  with all applicable  laws  concerning  money  laundering and
similar activities. The Company understands and agrees that if at any time it is
discovered  that  any of the  foregoing  representations  are  incorrect,  or if
otherwise  required by applicable law or regulation  related to money laundering
similar  activities,  the Purchaser may undertake  appropriate actions to ensure
compliance  with  applicable  law or  regulation,  including  but not limited to
segregation and/or redemption of the Purchaser's  investment in the Company. The
Company  further  understands  that  the  Purchaser  may  release   confidential
information  about the Company and its  Subsidiaries  and,  if  applicable,  any
underlying  beneficial  owners, to proper  authorities if the Purchaser,  in its
sole discretion, determines that it is in the best interests of the Purchaser in
light of relevant rules and  regulations  under the laws set forth in subsection
(ii) above.

                                       12
<PAGE>

      5.  Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser.  The Purchaser hereby
represents  and  warrants  to the  Company,  Tube Music and  Pyramid  Records as
follows  (such  representations  and  warranties  do not lessen or  obviate  the
representations and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement):

      5.1 No Shorting.  The Purchaser or any of its  affiliates  and  investment
partners has not, will not and will not cause any person or entity,  directly or
indirectly,  to engage in "short sales" of the Company's Common Stock as long as
the Note shall be outstanding.

      5.2  Organization;  Requisite  Power and  Authority.  The  Purchaser  is a
limited liability company, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under  the laws of its  jurisdiction  of  organization.  The  Purchaser  has all
necessary power and authority under all applicable  provisions of law to execute
and deliver this  Agreement  and the Related  Agreements  and to carry out their
provisions.  All corporate  action on  Purchaser's  part required for the lawful
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Related Agreements have been or
will be  effectively  taken  prior to the  Closing.  Upon  their  execution  and
delivery,  this Agreement and the Related  Agreements  will be valid and binding
obligations of Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except:

      (a) as  limited  by  applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,
moratorium  or  other  laws of  general  application  affecting  enforcement  of
creditors' rights; and

      (b)  as  limited  by  general  principles  of  equity  that  restrict  the
availability of equitable and legal remedies.

      5.3 Investment Representations.  Purchaser understands that the Securities
are being offered and sold pursuant to an exemption from registration  contained
in the Securities Act based in part upon Purchaser's  representations  contained
in this  Agreement,  including,  without  limitation,  that the  Purchaser is an
"accredited  investor"  within the meaning of Regulation D under the  Securities
Act. The  Purchaser  confirms that it has received or has had full access to all
the  information,   including  the  SEC  Reports,   it  considers  necessary  or
appropriate to make an informed investment decision with respect to the Note and
the Warrant to be purchased by it under this  Agreement  and the Note Shares and
the  Warrant  Shares  acquired  by it upon  the  conversion  of the Note and the
exercise of the Warrant,  respectively.  The Purchaser  further confirms that it
has had an  opportunity  to ask questions  and receive  answers from the Company
regarding the Company's and its Subsidiaries' business, management and financial
affairs and the terms and  conditions  of the offering of the Note,  the Warrant
and the  Securities  and to obtain  additional  information  (to the  extent the
Company  possessed  such  information  or could acquire it without  unreasonable
effort  or  expense)  necessary  to  verify  any  information  furnished  to the
Purchaser or to which the Purchaser had access.

                                       13
<PAGE>

      5.4  Purchaser   Bears  Economic  Risk.  The  Purchaser  has   substantial
experience in  evaluating  and investing in private  placement  transactions  of
securities  in  companies  similar  to the  Company  so  that it is  capable  of
evaluating  the merits and risks of its  investment  in the  Company and has the
capacity to protect its own interests. The Purchaser must bear the economic risk
of this  investment  until the Securities are sold pursuant to: (i) an effective
registration  statement  under the  Securities  Act; or (ii) an  exemption  from
registration is available with respect to such sale.

      5.5 Acquisition  for Own Account.  The Purchaser is acquiring the Note and
Warrant  and the Note  Shares and the  Warrant  Shares for the  Purchaser's  own
account for  investment  only, and not as a nominee or agent and not with a view
towards or for resale in connection with their distribution. Notwithstanding the
foregoing,  the  Purchaser  shall have the right to  distribute or assign all or
part of the principal  amount of the Note, the Warrant,  the Note Shares and the
Warrant Shares to a lineal descendant(s) of Edward D. and Anna Mitchell,  or any
person or entity  controlled  by any such lineal  descendant(s),  provided  such
distributee  or  assignee  is an  accredited  investor  within  the  meaning  of
Regulation D under the Securities Act.

      5.6 Purchaser Can Protect Its Interest.  The Purchaser  represents that by
reason of its, or of its management's,  business and financial  experience,  the
Purchaser has the capacity to evaluate the merits and risks of its investment in
the Note,  the Warrant and the  Securities  and to protect its own  interests in
connection with the transactions  contemplated in this Agreement and the Related
Agreements.  Further,  Purchaser is aware of no publication of any advertisement
in connection with the transactions contemplated in the Agreement or the Related
Agreements.

      5.7 Accredited Investor. The Purchaser represents that it is an accredited
investor within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

      5.8 Legends.

      (a) The Note shall bear substantially the following legend:

      "THIS NOTE AND THE COMMON  SHARES  ISSUABLE  UPON  CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE
      HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,  OR
      ANY  APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS.  EXCEPT AS  CONTEMPLATED  BY THE
      SECURITIES  PURCHASE  AGREEMENT AMONG AGU ENTERTAINMENT  CORP., ITS DIRECT
      AND INDIRECT  SUBSIDIARIES AND THE ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THIS NOTE, THIS NOTE
      AND THE COMMON  SHARES  ISSUABLE  UPON  CONVERSION OF THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE
      SOLD,  OFFERED  FOR SALE,  PLEDGED OR  HYPOTHECATED  IN THE  ABSENCE OF AN
      EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THIS NOTE OR SUCH UNDERLYING SHARES
      OF COMMON STOCK UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR
      AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY  SATISFACTORY TO AGU ENTERTAINMENT  CORP.
      THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED."

                                       14
<PAGE>

      (b) The Note Shares and the Warrant  Shares,  if not issued by DWAC system
(as hereinafter  defined),  shall bear a legend which shall be in  substantially
the  following  form until such shares are covered by an effective  registration
statement filed with the SEC:

      "THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
      THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
      LAWS.  EXCEPT AS CONTEMPLATED BY THE SECURITIES  PURCHASE  AGREEMENT AMONG
      AGU  ENTERTAINMENT  CORP.,  ITS DIRECT AND INDIRECT  SUBSIDIARIES  AND THE
      ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THIS WARRANT, THESE SHARES MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR
      SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION
      STATEMENT  UNDER  SUCH  SECURITIES  ACT AND  APPLICABLE  STATE  LAWS OR AN
      OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP. THAT
      SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED."

      (c) The Warrant shall bear substantially the following legend:

      "THIS  WARRANT AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK  ISSUABLE  UPON  EXERCISE OF
      THIS WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
      AMENDED,  OR ANY STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS.  EXCEPT AS  CONTEMPLATED  BY THE
      SECURITIES  PURCHASE  AGREEMENT AMONG AGU ENTERTAINMENT  CORP., ITS DIRECT
      AND INDIRECT  SUBSIDIARIES  AND THE ORIGINAL HOLDER OF THIS WARRANT,  THIS
      WARRANT AND THE COMMON STOCK  ISSUABLE  UPON  EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY
      NOT BE SOLD,  OFFERED FOR SALE,  PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF
      AN EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION  STATEMENT AS TO THIS WARRANT OR THE UNDERLYING
      SHARES OF COMMON STOCK UNDER SAID ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE  STATE SECURITIES
      LAWS OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO AGU ENTERTAINMENT
      CORP. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED."

                                       15
<PAGE>

            5.9 Transfer or Resale.  The  Purchaser  understands  that except as
provided  in this  Agreement  and the  Registration  Rights  Agreement:  (i) the
Securities have not been and are not being registered under the Act or any state
securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold,  assigned or transferred
unless (A)  subsequently  registered  thereunder,  or (B)  Purchaser  shall have
delivered to the Company an opinion of counsel, in a generally  acceptable form,
to the effect that such  securities to be sold,  assigned or transferred  may be
sold,  assigned or transferred  pursuant to an exemption from such  registration
requirements;  and (ii) any sale of such securities made in reliance on Rule 144
under the Securities Act (or a successor rule thereto)  ("Rule 144") may be made
only in  accordance  with the terms of Rule 144 and further,  if Rule 144 is not
applicable,  any  resale of such  securities  under  circumstances  in which the
seller  (or the  person  through  whom the sale is made)  may be deemed to be an
underwriter  (as  that  term is  defined  in the  Securities  Act)  may  require
compliance  with the some other  exemption under the Securities Act or the rules
and regulations of the SEC thereunder.

            5.10 No  Governmental  Review.  The  Purchaser  understands  that no
United States  federal or state agency or any other  government or  governmental
agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities
or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such
authorities  passed  upon  or  endorsed  the  merits  of  the  offering  of  the
Securities.

      6.  Covenants  of the Company and its  Subsidiaries.  Each of the Company,
Tube Music and  Pyramid  Records  covenants  and agrees  with the  Purchaser  as
follows:

            6.1  Stop-Orders.  The Company will advise the  Purchaser,  promptly
after it receives  notice of issuance by the Securities and Exchange  Commission
(the "SEC"), any state securities  commission or any other regulatory  authority
of any stop order or of any order  preventing or suspending  any offering of any
securities  of the Company,  or of the  suspension of the  qualification  of the
Common  Stock of the Company for  offering or sale in any  jurisdiction,  or the
initiation of any proceeding for any such purpose.

            6.2  Listing.  The Company  shall use its best efforts to secure the
listing of the shares of Common Stock  issuable upon  conversion of the Note and
upon the exercise of the Warrant on the NASD OTC Bulletin Board (the  "Principal
Market") and shall  maintain  such listing so long as any other shares of Common
Stock shall be so listed.  The Company  will  maintain the listing of its Common
Stock on the Principal Market, and will comply in all material respects with the
Company's  reporting,  filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of
the National  Association of Securities Dealers ("NASD") and such exchanges,  as
applicable.

            6.3 Market  Regulations.  The Company shall notify the SEC, NASD and
applicable  state  authorities,  in accordance with their  requirements,  of the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement, and shall take all other necessary
action and  proceedings as may be required and permitted by applicable law, rule
and  regulation,  for the legal  and valid  issuance  of the  Securities  to the
Purchaser and promptly  provide copies  thereof to the Purchaser.

            6.4  Reporting  Requirements.  The Company will timely file with the
SEC all reports  required to be filed  pursuant to the  Exchange Act and refrain
from  terminating  its status as an issuer  required by the Exchange Act to file
reports  thereunder  even  if  the  Exchange  Act or the  rules  or  regulations
thereunder would permit such termination.

                                       16
<PAGE>

            6.5 Use of Funds.  The Company  agrees that it will use the proceeds
of the  sale of the  Note  and the  Warrant  only  for  the  acquisition  of the
Lauderdale  Lakes Property and general working capital  purposes.

            6.6 Access to Facilities  and  Information.  Each of the Company and
each of its  Subsidiaries  will  permit any  representatives  designated  by the
Purchaser (or any successor of the Purchaser), upon reasonable notice and during
normal  business   hours,  at  such  person's   expense  and  accompanied  by  a
representative of the Company, to:

            (a) visit and inspect any of the properties of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries;

            (b) examine the corporate  and  financial  records of the Company or
any of its  Subsidiaries  (unless such  examination is not permitted by federal,
state  or  local  law or by  contract)  and  make  copies  thereof  or  extracts
therefrom; and

            (c) discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries with the directors,  officers and independent accountants of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

The Company shall  provide the Purchaser  with copies of all financial and other
information  affecting the Company and its  Subsidiaries  made  available to the
Company's  board  of  directors.  Such  information  shall  be  provided  to the
Purchaser on a monthly basis.

            6.7 Taxes.  Each of the  Company and each of its  Subsidiaries  will
promptly pay and  discharge,  or cause to be paid and  discharged,  when due and
payable,  all  lawful  taxes,  assessments  and  governmental  charges or levies
imposed  upon the income,  profits,  property or business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries;  provided, however, that any such tax, assessment,  charge or levy
need not be paid if the validity  thereof  shall  currently be contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and if the Company and/or such Subsidiary shall
have set  aside  on its  books  adequate  reserves  with  respect  thereto,  and
provided,  further,  that the  Company  and its  Subsidiaries  will pay all such
taxes,  assessments,  charges  or  levies  forthwith  upon the  commencement  of
proceedings to foreclose any lien which may have attached as security therefor.

            6.8 Insurance.  Each of the Company and its  Subsidiaries  will keep
its assets which are of an insurable  character insured by financially sound and
reputable  insurers  against loss or damage by fire,  explosion  and other risks
customarily  insured against by companies in similar business similarly situated
as the Company and its  Subsidiaries;  and the Company and its Subsidiaries will
maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurers, insurance against other
hazards and risks and liability to persons and property to the extent and in the
manner  which the Company  reasonably  believes is  customary  for  companies in
similar business  similarly  situated as the Company and its Subsidiaries and to
the extent available on commercially  reasonable terms. The Company, and each of
its Subsidiaries  will jointly and severally bear the full risk of loss from any
loss  of any  nature  whatsoever  with  respect  to the  assets  pledged  to the
Purchaser  as  security  for its  obligations  hereunder  and under the  Related

                                       17
<PAGE>

Agreements.  At the  Company's and each of its  Subsidiaries'  joint and several
cost  and  expense  in  amounts  and  with  carriers  reasonably  acceptable  to
Purchaser,  the  Company  and each of its  Subsidiaries  shall  (i) keep all its
insurable  properties and properties in which it has an interest insured against
the hazards of fire, flood, sprinkler leakage, those hazards covered by extended
coverage insurance and such other hazards, and for such amounts, as is customary
in the case of companies  engaged in businesses  similar to the Company's or the
respective Subsidiary's including business interruption insurance; (ii) maintain
a bond in such  amounts  as is  customary  in the case of  companies  engaged in
businesses  similar to the  Company's or the  respective  Subsidiary's  insuring
against larceny,  embezzlement or other criminal  misappropriation  of insured's
officers and  employees who may either singly or jointly with others at any time
have  access to the assets or funds of the  Company  or any of its  Subsidiaries
either directly or through governmental  authority to draw upon such funds or to
direct  generally the  disposition  of such assets;  (iii)  maintain  public and
product  liability  insurance  against  claims  for  personal  injury,  death or
property damage suffered by others; (iv) maintain all such worker's compensation
or  similar  insurance  as may be  required  under  the  laws  of any  state  or
jurisdiction  in which the Company or the  respective  Subsidiary  is engaged in
business; and (v) furnish Purchaser with (x) copies of all policies and evidence
of the  maintenance  of such  policies  at least  thirty  (30) days  before  any
expiration  date,  (y)  excepting the Company's  workers'  compensation  policy,
endorsements  to such policies  naming  Purchaser as "co-insured" or "additional
insured"  and  appropriate  loss  payable  endorsements  in form  and  substance
satisfactory to Purchaser, naming Purchaser as loss payee, and (z) evidence that
as to Purchaser the insurance  coverage  shall not be impaired or invalidated by
any act or neglect of the Company or any Subsidiary and the insurer will provide
Purchaser  with at least  thirty (30) days  notice  prior to  cancellation.  The
Company and each  Subsidiary  shall instruct the insurance  carriers that in the
event of any loss  thereunder,  the carriers shall make payment for such loss to
the Company and/or the Subsidiary and Purchaser jointly. In the event that as of
the date of receipt of each loss recovery upon any such insurance, the Purchaser
has not declared an event of default  with  respect to this  Agreement or any of
the  Related  Agreements,  then the  Company  and/or  such  Subsidiary  shall be
permitted  to direct  the  application  of such loss  recovery  proceeds  toward
investment in property,  plant and equipment  that would  comprise  "Collateral"
secured by Purchaser's  security  interest  pursuant to its security  agreement,
with any surplus funds to be applied  toward  payment of the  obligations of the
Company to Purchaser. In the event that Purchaser has properly declared an event
of default with respect to this Agreement or any of the Related Agreements, then
all loss recoveries received by Purchaser upon any such insurance thereafter may
be applied to the  obligations  of the Company  hereunder  and under the Related
Agreements, in such order as the Purchaser may determine. Any surplus (following
satisfaction of all Company obligations to Purchaser) shall be paid by Purchaser
to the Company or applied as may be otherwise  required by law.  Any  deficiency
thereon  shall be paid by the  Company  or the  Subsidiary,  as  applicable,  to
Purchaser, on demand.

            6.9  Intellectual  Property.  Each of the  Company  and  each of its
Subsidiaries  shall maintain in full force and effect its existence,  rights and
franchises and all licenses and other rights to use Intellectual  Property owned
or possessed by it and  reasonably  deemed to be necessary to the conduct of its
business.

            6.10  Properties.  Each of the Company and each of its  Subsidiaries
will keep its properties in good repair, working order and condition, reasonable
wear and tear  excepted,  and from  time to time  make all  needful  and  proper
repairs, renewals, replacements, additions and improvements thereto; and each of
the  Company  and each of its  Subsidiaries  will at all times  comply with each
provision  of all  leases  to which it is a party  or  under  which it  occupies
property if the breach of such provision  could,  either  individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                                       18
<PAGE>

            6.11  Confidentiality.  The  Company and its  Subsidiaries  will not
disclose,  and will not  include  in any  public  announcement,  the name of the
Purchaser,  unless expressly agreed to by the Purchaser or unless and until such
disclosure  is required by law or  applicable  regulation,  and then only to the
extent of such  requirement.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  Company may
disclose Purchaser's identity and the terms of this Agreement to its current and
prospective debt and equity financing  sources and Purchaser  acknowledges  that
the  Company  will file a Form 8K  within  four  days of the  execution  of this
Agreement  disclosing  all material  terms of this Agreement and the name of the
Purchaser.  This Agreement will also be filed with the  registration  statement.

            6.12 Required  Approvals.  For so long the  principal  amount of the
Note is outstanding, the Company and its Subsidiaries, without the prior written
consent of the Purchaser, shall not:

            (a) (i) directly or indirectly  declare or pay any  dividends  other
than to the Company or a 100% owned  Subsidiary  of the Company,  (ii) issue any
preferred stock or (iii) redeem or repurchase any of its securities;

            (b) liquidate,  dissolve or effect a material reorganization (unless
the Company or the applicable Subsidiary is the surviving entity);

            (c) become  subject to  (including,  without  limitation,  by way of
amendment to or modification  of) any agreement or instrument which by its terms
would  (under  any   circumstances)   restrict  the  Company's  or  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  right to perform the  provisions  of this  Agreement,  any Related
Agreement or any of the agreements contemplated hereby or thereby;

            (d)  materially  alter or change  the scope of the  business  of the
Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

            (e) (i) create,  incur,  assume or suffer to exist any  indebtedness
whether  secured or unsecured  other than (x) the Company's  indebtedness to the
Purchaser,  (y)  indebtedness  set forth on Schedule 6.12(e) attached hereto and
made a part hereof and any refinancings or replacements thereof on terms no less
favorable to the Purchaser than the  indebtedness  being refinanced or replaced,
and (z) any debt  incurred  in  connection  with the  purchase  of assets in the
ordinary course of business,  or any  refinancings  or  replacements  thereof on
terms no less favorable to the Purchaser than the indebtedness  being refinanced
or  replaced;  (ii)  cancel  any debt  owing to it in excess of  $50,000  in the
aggregate  during  any 12 month  period;  (iii)  assume,  guarantee,  endorse or
otherwise  become  directly  or  contingently  liable  in  connection  with  any
obligations  of  any  other  Person,   except  the   endorsement  of  negotiable
instruments by the Company for deposit or collection or similar  transactions in
the  ordinary  course  of  business  or  guarantees  of  indebtedness  otherwise
permitted  to be  outstanding  pursuant to this  clause  (e);  and

                                      19
<PAGE>

            (f) create or acquire any  Subsidiary  after the date hereof  unless
(i) such  Subsidiary is a  wholly-owned  Subsidiary of the Company and (ii) such
Subsidiary  becomes  party to the  Security  Agreement,  (either by  executing a
counterpart  thereof or an assumption or joinder  agreement in respect  thereof)
and, to the extent  required by the Purchaser,  satisfies each condition of this
Agreement and the Related  Agreements as if such Subsidiary were a Subsidiary on
the Closing Date.

            6.13  Reissuance  of  Securities.  The  Company  agrees  to  reissue
certificates  representing  the  Securities  without  the  legends  set forth in
Section  5.8 above at such time as:

            (a) the holder  thereof is permitted  to dispose of such  Securities
pursuant to Rule 144(k) under the Securities Act; or

            (b) upon resale subject to an effective registration statement after
such Securities are registered under the Securities Act.

The Company  agrees to  cooperate  with the  Purchaser  in  connection  with all
resales pursuant to Rule 144 and provide legal opinions  necessary to allow such
resales  provided  the  Company  and its counsel  receive  reasonably  requested
representations from the selling Purchaser and broker, if any.

            6.14 Opinion.  On the Closing Date,  the Company will deliver to the
Purchaser an opinion  reasonably  acceptable to the Purchaser from the Company's
external legal counsel. The Company will provide, at the Company's expense, such
other legal  opinions in the future as are deemed  reasonably  necessary  by the
Purchaser (and  reasonably  acceptable to the Purchaser) in connection  with the
conversion  of the Note and exercise of the Warrant;  provided  that the Company
and its counsel receive reasonably requested representations from the Purchaser.

            6.15 Margin  Stock.  Neither the  Company  nor any  Subsidiary  will
permit any of the  proceeds  of the Note or the  Warrant to be used  directly or
indirectly  to  "purchase" or "carry"  "margin  stock" or to repay  indebtedness
incurred to "purchase" or "carry" "margin stock" within the respective  meanings
of each of the quoted terms under  Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System as now and from time to time hereafter in effect.

      7. Covenants of the Purchaser. The Purchaser covenants and agrees with the
Company,  Tube Music and Pyramid Records as follows:

            7.1 Confidentiality.  The Purchaser agrees that it will not disclose
or use, and will not include in any public announcement, the name of the Company
or any information  concerning the Company,  unless  expressly  agreed to by the
Company or unless and until such  disclosure  is required  by law or  applicable
regulation,  and then only to the extent of such requirement and after providing
written notice to the Company so it may seek a protective order.

                                       20
<PAGE>

            7.2 Non-Public  Information.  The Purchaser agrees not to effect any
sales in the  shares  of the  Company's  Common  Stock  while in  possession  of
material,  non-public  information  regarding  the  Company if such sales  would
violate applicable securities law.

      8. Covenants Regarding Indemnification.

            8.1 Company  Indemnification.  Each of the  Company,  Tube Music and
Pyramid  Records  jointly and  severally  agrees to  indemnify,  hold  harmless,
reimburse and defend the Purchaser,  each of the Purchaser's members,  officers,
directors,  agents,  affiliates,  control persons,  and principal  shareholders,
against  any  claim,  cost,  expense,  liability,  obligation,  loss  or  damage
(including reasonable legal fees) of any nature, incurred by or imposed upon the
Purchaser   which   results,   arises  out  of  or  is  based   upon:   (i)  any
misrepresentation  by the  Company or any of its  Subsidiaries  or breach of any
warranty by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in this Agreement,  any other
Related Agreement or in any exhibits or schedules attached hereto or thereto; or
(ii) any breach or default in performance by Company or any of its  Subsidiaries
of  any  covenant  or  undertaking  to be  performed  by  Company  or any of its
Subsidiaries hereunder, under any other Related Agreement or any other agreement
entered  into  by the  Company  and/or  any of its  Subsidiaries  and  Purchaser
relating hereto or thereto.

            8.2 Purchaser's Indemnification. Purchaser agrees to indemnify, hold
harmless,  reimburse and defend the Company,  Tube Music and Pyramid Records and
each of  their  respective  officers,  directors,  agents,  affiliates,  control
persons  and  principal  shareholders,  at all times  against  any claim,  cost,
expense, liability, obligation, loss or damage (including reasonable legal fees)
of any nature, incurred by or imposed upon any of them which results, arises out
of or is based upon:  (i) any  misrepresentation  by  Purchaser or breach of any
warranty by  Purchaser  in this  Agreement  or any Related  Agreement  or in any
exhibits or  schedules  attached  hereto or any Related  Agreement;  or (ii) any
breach or default in  performance by Purchaser of any covenant or undertaking to
be performed  by Purchaser  hereunder,  or any other  agreement  entered into by
Purchaser relating hereto.

      9. Conversion of Convertible Note.

            9.1 Mechanics of Conversion.

            (a)  Provided  the   Purchaser  has  notified  the  Company  of  the
Purchaser's  intention  to sell the Note Shares and the Note Shares are included
in an effective registration statement or are otherwise exempt from registration
when sold:  (i) upon the  conversion  of the Note or part  thereof,  the Company
shall,  at its own cost and expense,  take all necessary  action  (including the
issuance  of an  opinion  of  counsel  reasonably  acceptable  to the  Purchaser
following  a request by the  Purchaser)  to assure that the  Company's  transfer
agent  shall  issue  shares  of the  Company's  Common  Stock in the name of the
Purchaser  (or its nominee) or such other persons as designated by the Purchaser
in  accordance  with  Section  9.1(b)  hereof  and in such  denominations  to be
specified  representing the number of Note Shares issuable upon such conversion;
and (ii) except as provided in the Registration  Rights  Agreement,  the Company
warrants that no instructions other than these instructions have been or will be
given to the  transfer  agent of the  Company's  Common Stock and that after the
Effectiveness  Date (as defined in the Registration  Rights  Agreement) the Note
Shares issued will be freely  transferable  subject to the  prospectus  delivery
requirements  of the Securities Act and the  provisions of this  Agreement,  and
will not contain a legend  restricting the resale or transferability of the Note
Shares.

                                       21
<PAGE>

            (b) Purchaser will give notice of its decision to exercise its right
to convert the Note or part thereof by  telecopying  or otherwise  delivering an
executed  and  completed  notice of the number of shares to be  converted to the
Company  (the "Notice of  Conversion").  The  Purchaser  will not be required to
surrender the Note until the  Purchaser  receives a credit to the account of the
Purchaser's   prime  broker   through  the  DWAC  system  (as  defined   below),
representing  the Note Shares or until the Note has been fully  satisfied.  Each
date on which a Notice of  Conversion  is telecopied or delivered to the Company
in accordance  with the provisions  hereof shall be deemed a "Conversion  Date."
Pursuant  to the terms of the  Notice of  Conversion,  the  Company  will  issue
instructions  to the transfer agent  accompanied by an opinion of counsel within
three (3) business days of the date of the delivery to the Company of the Notice
of Conversion  and shall cause the transfer  agent to transmit the  certificates
representing the Conversion Shares to the Holder by crediting the account of the
Purchaser's  prime broker with the Depository  Trust Company ("DTC") through its
Deposit  Withdrawal Agent  Commission  ("DWAC") system within three (3) business
days after  receipt by the Company of the Notice of  Conversion  (the  "Delivery
Date").

            (c) The Company understands that a delay in the delivery of the Note
Shares in the form  required  pursuant to Section 9 hereof  beyond the  Delivery
Date  could  result in  economic  loss to the  Purchaser.  In the event that the
Company  fails to direct its  transfer  agent to deliver  the Note Shares to the
Purchaser via the DWAC system within the time frame set forth in Section  9.1(b)
above and the Note Shares are not  delivered  to the  Purchaser  by the Delivery
Date, as  compensation to the Purchaser for such loss, the Company agrees to pay
late  payments to the Purchaser for late issuance of the Note Shares in the form
required  pursuant to Section 9 hereof upon conversion of the Note in the amount
equal to the greater of: (i) $500 per business day after the Delivery  Date;  or
(ii) the Purchaser's actual damages from such delayed delivery.  Notwithstanding
the  foregoing,  the Company will not owe the Purchaser any late payments if the
delay in the delivery of the Note Shares  beyond the Delivery Date is solely out
of the control of the  Company  and the  Company is actively  trying to cure the
cause of the delay.  The  Company  shall pay any  payments  incurred  under this
Section  9(c) in  immediately  available  funds upon  demand and, in the case of
actual damages,  accompanied by reasonable  documentation  of the amount of such
damages.  Such documentation shall show the number of shares of Common Stock the
Purchaser  is forced  to  purchase  (in an open  market  transaction)  which the
Purchaser anticipated receiving upon such conversion, and shall be calculated as
the  amount  by  which  (A) the  Purchaser's  total  purchase  price  (including
customary  brokerage  commissions,  if any) for the  shares of  Common  Stock so
purchased  exceeds (B) the aggregate  principal  and/or  interest  amount of the
Note, for which such Conversion Notice was not timely honored.

Nothing  contained herein or in any document  referred to herein or delivered in
connection  herewith  shall be deemed to  establish  or require the payment of a
rate of  interest  or other  charges  in  excess  of the  maximum  permitted  by
applicable law. In the event that the rate of interest or charges required to be
paid or other charges hereunder exceed the maximum amount permitted by such law,
any payments in excess of such maximum shall be credited against amounts owed by
the Company to a Purchaser  and thus refunded to the Company.

                                       22
<PAGE>

10. Registration Rights.

            10.1  Registration   Rights  Granted.   The  Company  hereby  grants
registration rights to the Purchaser pursuant to a Registration Rights Agreement
dated as of even date  herewith  between  the Company  and the  Purchaser.

            10.2 Offering  Restrictions.  Except as previously  disclosed in the
SEC Reports or in the Exchange Act Filings, or stock or stock options granted to
employees or directors of the Company (these exceptions  hereinafter referred to
as the "Excepted  Issuances"),  neither the Company nor any of its  Subsidiaries
will  issue any  securities  with a  continuously  variable/floating  conversion
feature  which  are or could be (by  conversion  or  registration)  free-trading
securities (i.e. common stock subject to a registration  statement) prior to the
full  repayment or conversion of the Note  (together with all accrued and unpaid
interest and fees related thereto) (the "Exclusion Period").

      11. Miscellaneous.

            11.1 Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH RELATED  AGREEMENT SHALL
BE  GOVERNED  BY AND  CONSTRUED  IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH THE  LAWS OF THE  STATE OF
FLORIDA,  WITHOUT  REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS. ANY ACTION BROUGHT
BY EITHER PARTY AGAINST THE OTHER  CONCERNING THE  TRANSACTIONS  CONTEMPLATED BY
THIS  AGREEMENT  AND EACH RELATED  AGREEMENT  SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN THE STATE
COURTS OF FLORIDA,  COUNTY OF BROWARD,  OR IN THE FEDERAL  COURTS LOCATED IN THE
SOUTHERN  DISTRICT  OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA.  ALL  PARTIES  AND THE  INDIVIDUALS
EXECUTING  THIS  AGREEMENT  AND THE RELATED  AGREEMENTS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY
AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE  JURISDICTION  OF SUCH COURTS AND WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY. IN
THE  EVENT  THAT  ANY  PROVISION  OF THIS  AGREEMENT  OR ANY  RELATED  AGREEMENT
DELIVERED  IN  CONNECTION   HEREWITH  IS  INVALID  OR  UNENFORCEABLE  UNDER  ANY
APPLICABLE  STATUTE  OR  RULE  OF LAW,  THEN  SUCH  PROVISION  SHALL  BE  DEEMED
INOPERATIVE  TO THE EXTENT THAT IT MAY  CONFLICT  THEREWITH  AND SHALL BE DEEMED
MODIFIED TO CONFORM WITH SUCH STATUTE OR RULE OF LAW. ANY SUCH  PROVISION  WHICH
MAY PROVE INVALID OR  UNENFORCEABLE  UNDER ANY LAW SHALL NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY
OR  ENFORCEABILITY  OF ANY OTHER  PROVISION  OF THIS  AGREEMENT  OR ANY  RELATED
AGREEMENT.

            11.2  Survival.  The  representations,   warranties,  covenants  and
agreements made herein shall survive any investigation made by the Purchaser and
the  closing of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby to the  extent  provided
therein.  All statements as to factual  matters  contained in any certificate or
other  instrument  delivered by or on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries
pursuant hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
deemed to be representations  and warranties by the Company and its Subsidiaries
hereunder solely as of the date of such certificate or instrument.

                                       23
<PAGE>

            11.3 Successors.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the
provisions  hereof  shall  inure to the  benefit  of, and be binding  upon,  the
successors,  heirs, executors and administrators of the parties hereto and shall
inure to the benefit of and be  enforceable by each person who shall be a holder
of the  Securities  from time to time,  other than the  holders of Common  Stock
which  has been  sold by the  Purchaser  pursuant  to Rule  144 or an  effective
registration statement.

            11.4  Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement  (including  the  recitals
hereto),  the Related Agreements,  the exhibits and schedules hereto and thereto
and the other documents delivered pursuant hereto constitute the full and entire
understanding  and  agreement  between the parties  with regard to the  subjects
hereof  and no party  shall be liable or bound to any other in any manner by any
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements except as specifically set
forth herein and therein.

            11.5  Severability.  In case any provision of the Agreement shall be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable,  the validity, legality and enforceability of
the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

            11.6 Amendment and Waiver.

            (a) This  Agreement may be amended or modified only upon the written
consent of all parties hereto.

            (b) The  obligations  of the  Company and its  Subsidiaries  and the
rights of the Purchaser under this Agreement may be waived only with the written
consent of the Purchaser.

            (c) The  obligations  of the Purchaser and the rights of the Company
and its  Subsidiaries  under this  Agreement may be waived only with the written
consent of the Company.

            11.7 Delays or Omissions.  It is agreed that no delay or omission to
exercise  any right,  power or remedy  accruing  to any party,  upon any breach,
default or  noncompliance  by another party under this  Agreement or the Related
Agreements,  shall  impair  any such  right,  power or  remedy,  nor shall it be
construed to be a waiver of any such breach,  default or  noncompliance,  or any
acquiescence  therein, or of or in any similar breach,  default or noncompliance
thereafter occurring. All remedies, either under this Agreement, the Note or the
Related  Agreements,  by law  or  otherwise  afforded  to any  party,  shall  be
cumulative and not alternative.

            11.8 Notices.  All notices required or permitted  hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed effectively given:

            (a) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified;

                                       24
<PAGE>

            (b) when sent by confirmed  facsimile if sent during normal business
hours of the recipient, if not, then on the next business day;

            (c) three (3) business  days after having been sent by registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; or

            (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt.

All communications shall be sent as follows:

         If to the Company, to              AGU Entertainment Corp.
         and any Subsidiary:                3200 West Oakland Park Boulevard
                                            Lauderdale Lakes, Florida 33311
                                            Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
                                            Facsimile: (954) 714-8500

                                            with a copy to:

                                            Bruce C. Rosetto, Esq.
                                            Blank Rome LLP
                                            1200 North Federal Highway
                                            Suite 417
                                            Boca Raton, Florida  33432
                                            Facsimile:  (561)417-8186

         If to the Purchaser, to:           Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                            7220 NW 36th Street, Suite 100
                                            Miami, Florida  33166
                                            Attention: Jonathan E. Mitchell
                                            Facsimile: (305) 591-9657

         with a copy to:

                                            Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                            11601 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 2400
                                            Los Angeles, California 90025
                                            Attention: Jonathan E. Mitchell
                                            Facsimile: (310) 473-0076

                                            Robert S. Barry, Jr., Esq.
                                            Loeb & Loeb LLP
                                            10100 Santa Monica Boulevard
                                            Suite 2200
                                            Los Angeles, California  90067
                                            Facsimile:  (310) 282-2200

or at such  other  address as the  Company or the  Purchaser  may  designate  by
written  notice to the other parties hereto given in accordance  herewith.

                                       25
<PAGE>

            11.9  Attorneys'  Fees.  In the  event  that any suit or  action  is
instituted to enforce any provision in this Agreement,  the prevailing  party in
such dispute shall be entitled to recover from the losing party all fees,  costs
and  expenses  of  enforcing  any right of such  prevailing  party under or with
respect to this Agreement,  including,  without limitation, such reasonable fees
and  expenses  of  attorneys  and  accountants,  which  shall  include,  without
limitation, all fees, costs and expenses of appeals.

            11.10  Titles  and  Subtitles.   The  titles  of  the  sections  and
subsections of this Agreement are for  convenience of reference only and are not
to be considered in  construing  this  Agreement.

            11.11  Facsimile  Signatures;  Counterparts.  This  Agreement may be
executed by  facsimile  signatures  and in any number of  counterparts,  each of
which shall be an  original,  but all of which  together  shall  constitute  one
instrument.

            11.12 Broker's Fees. Each party hereto  represents and warrants that
except as contemplated by this Agreement no agent,  broker,  investment  banker,
person or firm acting on behalf of or under the  authority  of such party hereto
is or will be entitled to any broker's or finder's  fee or any other  commission
directly or indirectly in connection with the transactions  contemplated herein.
Each party hereto  further  agrees to indemnify each other party for any claims,
losses  or   expenses   incurred  by  such  other  party  as  a  result  of  the
representation in this Section 11.12 being untrue.

            11.13  Construction.  Each party acknowledges that its legal counsel
participated  in the  preparation of this  Agreement and the Related  Agreements
and, therefore, stipulates that the rule of construction that ambiguities are to
be  resolved   against  the   drafting   party  shall  not  be  applied  in  the
interpretation of this Agreement to favor any party against the other.

            [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


                                       26
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have executed the  SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT as of the date set forth in the first paragraph hereof.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES:                                    PURCHASER:

<S>                                                          <C>
AGU Entertainment Corp., a Delaware corporation              Mitchell Entertainment Company, a Delaware limited
                                                             liability company


By:      /s/ David C. Levy                                   By:      /s/ Jonathan E. Mitchell
         --------------------------------------------                 ------------------------
Name:    David C. Levy                                       Name:    Jonathan E. Mitchell
Title:   President and Secretary                             Title:   Manager

The Tube Music Network, Inc., a Florida corporation

By:      /s/ David C. Levy
         -------------------------------------------
Name:    David C. Levy
Title:   President and Secretary

Pyramid Records International, Inc., a Florida corporation

By:      /s/ David C. Levy
         -------------------------------------------
Name:    David C. Levy
Title:   President and Secretary
</TABLE>


                                       27

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>v010420_ex10-2.txt
<TEXT>

                                  EXHIBIT 10.2

Tax Folio Nos. 19230 12 00100, 19230 12 00200, 19230 19 00200 & 19230 19 00300

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PREPARED  BY/RECORD AND RETURN TO: Howard L. Friedberg,  Esquire,  Katz, Barron,
Squitero,  Faust, Brecker,  Terzo,  Friedberg & Grady, P.A.; 2699 South Bayshore
Drive, 7th Floor Miami, Florida 33133; Telephone: (305) 856-2444.
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                      MORTGAGE DEED AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

      THIS MORTGAGE  DEED AND SECURITY  AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of
the 20th day of  December,  2004,  by and between  AGU  ENTERTAINMENT  CORP.,  a
Delaware  corporation  ("Mortgagor"),  whose  address is 3200 West  Oakland Park
Boulevard,  Lauderdale Lakes, Florida 33311, and Mitchell Entertainment Company,
a Delaware limited liability company  ("Mortgagee"),  7220 NW 36th Street, Suite
100, Miami, Florida 33166, its successors and assigns.

                              W I T N E S S E T H :

      WHEREAS, Mortgagor has, simultaneously herewith, executed and delivered to
Mortgagee a Secured Convertible Term Note (the "Note") of even date herewith, in
the  principal  amount of Three  Million  and  00/100  Dollars  ($3,000,000.00),
payable in accordance  with the terms and provisions as  particularly  stated in
said Note, on or before the maturity  date set forth in the Note,  which Note by
reference is made a part hereof as though set out in full herein.

      NOW THEREFORE,  to secure the  performance and observance of all covenants
and  conditions in the Note and in this Mortgage,  and in all other  instruments
securing  the Note,  and as security  for any and all other sums,  indebtedness,
obligations and liabilities of any and every kind, now or hereafter,  during the
term  hereof,  owing and to become due from  Mortgagor to  Mortgagee,  or to the
holder of the Note, or to the assignees  thereof,  howsoever the indebtedness is
created, incurred, evidenced or acquired and whether said indebtedness is direct
or indirect,  absolute or contingent,  sole or joint,  primary or secondary,  or
evidenced by promissory  notes,  open  accounts or otherwise;  and all renewals,
modifications  or  extensions  of all or any of the  foregoing,  and  for and in
consideration of the sum of Ten and 00/100 Dollars ($10.00) paid by Mortgagee to
Mortgagor  this date,  and for other  valuable  considerations,  the receipt and
sufficiency  of which are hereby  acknowledged,  Mortgagor  does  hereby  grant,
bargain,  sell, alien, remise,  release,  convey,  assign,  transfer,  mortgage,
hypothecate,  pledge, deliver, set over, warrant and confirm unto Mortgagee, its
successors and assigns forever, certain lands lying and being situate in Broward
County, Florida, more particularly described as follows:

<Page>
                       SEE EXHIBIT "A" APPENDED HERETO AND
                      MADE A PART HEREOF (the "Property"),

      TOGETHER WITH all buildings,  structures and  improvements of every nature
whatsoever  now  or  hereafter  situated  on the  Property,  and  all  fixtures,
machinery,  appliances,  equipment,  furniture  and  property  of  every  nature
whatsoever,  now or  hereafter  owned by  Mortgagor  and  located  in or on,  or
attached to, or used, or intended to be used,  in connection  with the operation
of the Property, buildings,  structures, or other improvements, such as, without
limitation, all apparatus, machinery, appliances,  equipment, radiators, ranges,
refrigerators, awnings, shades, blinds, incinerating equipment, power equipment,
engines, pipes, pumps, tanks, motors, conduits, switchboards, lifting, cleaning,
fire prevention,  fire extinguishing,  ventilating and communications apparatus,
boilers, vacuum cleaning systems,  elevators,  escalators,  screens, storm doors
and  windows,   stoves,  wall  beds,  attached  cabinets,   partitions,   ducts,
compressors, rugs and carpets, draperies, furniture and furnishings;

      TOGETHER  WITH all  building  materials  and  equipment  now or  hereafter
delivered to the Property and intended to be installed  therein  including,  but
not limited to, lumber, plaster, cement, shingles, roofing, plumbing,  fixtures,
pipe, lath, wall-heaters,  screens, window frames, glass doors, flooring, paint,
lighting fixtures, and unattached refrigerating,  cooking, heating,  ventilating
and air  conditioning  ducts,  appliances  and  equipment,  goods,  tools,  lawn
equipment, floor coverings, and elevators;

      TOGETHER  WITH all right,  title and  interest of  Mortgagor in and to the
minerals,  soil, flowers, shrubs, crops, trees, timber, and other emblements now
or hereafter on the Property,  or under or above the same, or any part or parcel
thereof;

      TOGETHER  WITH  all  easements,  rights-of-way,   streets,  ways,  alleys,
passages,  sewer rights,  waters,  water courses,  water rights and powers,  and
sanitary and storm sewer systems,  now or hereafter owned by the Mortgagor which
are now or hereafter located by, over, and/or upon the Property, or any part and
parcel  thereof,  and which  water  system  includes  all water  mains,  service
laterals,  hydrants,  valves and appurtenances,  and which sewer system includes
all  sanitary   sewer  lines,   including   mains,   laterals,   manholes,   and
appurtenances;  and all paving for streets, roads, walkways or entrance ways now
or hereafter  owned by Mortgagor  and which are now or hereafter  located on the
Property,  or any part or  parcel  thereof,  and all  estates,  rights,  titles,
interests,  privileges,  liberties, tenements,  hereditaments, and appurtenances
whatsoever,  in  any  way  belonging,  relating  or  appertaining  to any of the
property  hereinabove  described,  or which  hereafter  shall in any way belong,
relate or be  appurtenant  thereto,  whether now owned or hereafter  acquired by
Mortgagor,  and the reversion and reversions,  remainder and remainders,  rents,
issues  and  profits  thereof,  and  all the  estate,  right,  title,  interest,
property, possession, claim and demand whatsoever, at law, as well as in equity,
of  Mortgagor  of,  in,  and to the same,  including,  but not  limited  to, all
judgments,  awards of damages and  settlements  hereafter  made  resulting  from
condemnation  proceedings or the taking of the Mortgaged  Property,  or any part
thereof, under the power of eminent domain, or for any damage (whether caused by
such taking or otherwise) to the Mortgaged Property,  or any part thereof, or to
any rights  appurtenant  thereto.  Also,  all  architectural  building plans and
specifications and all abstracts of title relating to the Mortgaged Property;

                                       2
<PAGE>

      TOGETHER WITH all of  Mortgagor's  right,  title and interest as lessor in
and to all leases or rental  arrangements of the Property,  or any part thereof,
heretofore  made  and  entered  into,  and  in  and  to  all  leases  or  rental
arrangements  hereafter  made and  entered  into by or on behalf  of  Mortgagor,
together with all rents and payments in lieu of rents, together with any and all
guarantees of such leases or rental  arrangements  and including all present and
future security deposits and advance rentals;

      TOGETHER WITH all of  Mortgagor's  right,  title and interest as seller in
and to all  agreements for the sale of the Property,  the Mortgaged  Property or
any part  thereof,  heretofore  made and  entered  into,  and in and to all sale
agreements  hereafter  made and  entered  into,  by or on behalf  of  Mortgagor,
together with all deposits and payments in connection  therewith,  together with
any and all guarantees of such agreements, together with any and all receivables
now or hereafter due Mortgagor with respect to such agreements;

      TOGETHER WITH all of Mortgagor's  right,  title and interest in and to all
unearned  premiums accrued,  accruing,  or to accrue under any and all insurance
policies now or hereafter provided pursuant to the terms of security agreements,
and all  proceeds or sums  payable for the loss of or damage to (a) the Property
or personal property, or (b) rents,  revenues,  income, profits or proceeds from
service agreements or contracts, leases, franchises,  concessions or licenses of
or on any part of the Property;

      TOGETHER WITH all contracts and contract  rights and accounts of Mortgagor
now or  hereafter  arising  from  contracts  now or  hereafter  entered  into in
connection  with  development,  construction  upon, or operation of the Property
(including,  without limitation,  all warranties or guaranties by third parties,
all deposits held by or on behalf of Mortgagor,  and all management,  franchise,
license  and  service  agreements  related  to the  business  now  or  hereafter
conducted by Mortgagor on the Property);

      TOGETHER WITH all accounts, contract rights, goods, inventory,  intangible
personal  property,   permits,  licenses,  liquor  licenses,  and  all  personal
property,  whether  actually or  constructively  attached to, connected with, or
associated with the Property;

      TOGETHER WITH all of the right,  title and interest of Mortgagor in and to
any trademarks,  trade names,  names of businesses,  or fictitious  names of any
kind used in conjunction  with the operation of any business or endeavor located
on the Property;

      TOGETHER WITH all of Mortgagor's interest in all utility security deposits
or bonds on the Property or any part or parcel thereof;

      TOGETHER  WITH all  instruments,  documents,  chattel  papers and  general
intangibles relating to or arising from the foregoing  collateral,  and all cash
and non-cash proceeds and products thereof; and

                                       3
<PAGE>

      TOGETHER  WITH  all  products,  proceeds,  additions,   improvements,  and
accessions  thereto and  replacements,  renewals,  accessions,  or substitutions
thereto, in and to any of the items hereinabove set forth.

      Mortgagor hereby grants to Mortgagee a security  interest in all fixtures,
rights in action and personal  property  described  herein.  This  Mortgage is a
self-operative  security  agreement with respect to such  property,  even though
Mortgagor   agrees  to  execute  and  deliver  on  demand  such  other  security
agreements,  financing statements and other instruments as Mortgagee may request
in order to perfect  its  security  interest  or to impose the lien  hereof more
specifically upon any of such property. Mortgagor additionally hereby authorizes
Mortgagee  to  record  and file from  time to time  such  financing  statements,
amendment  statements,  continuation  statements  and such other  instruments as
Mortgagee  shall  require,  in its sole  discretion,  in order  to  perfect  its
security  interest provided  hereunder.  Mortgagee shall have all the rights and
remedies  in  addition to those  specified  herein of a secured  party under the
Uniform  Commercial Code (the "Code").  Mortgagor  shall,  from time to time, on
request of Mortgagee, deliver to the Mortgagee an inventory of all such articles
of personal property in reasonable  detail.  Mortgagor  covenants and represents
that all such  personal  property  now is,  and that all  replacements  thereof,
substitutions  therefor  and  additions  thereto,   unless  Mortgagee  otherwise
consents,  will be free and clear of superior  liens,  encumbrances  or security
interests of others.  Furthermore,  in the event of default,  the parties  agree
that,  in the event the  Mortgagee  should elect to proceed with respect to said
properties  under the Code,  five (5) days notice of the sale  thereof  shall be
reasonable notice.

      Without the  necessity of any further act of Mortgagor or  Mortgagee,  the
lien of and  security  interest  created  by this  Mortgage  Deed  and  Security
Agreement  automatically  will extend to and  include:(i)  any and all renewals,
replacements,  substitutions,  accessions,  proceeds,  products,  additions  and
after-acquired  property of any nature whatsoever attached to, located in or on,
or used in the  operation  of the  Mortgaged  Property or any part  thereof (and
Mortgagor  covenants and warrants  that it will have good and absolute  title to
all of the aforesaid  after-acquired  property free of any lien or encumbrance),
and (ii) any and all monies, proceeds and other property that from time to time,
either by delivery to Mortgagor or by any  instrument  (including  this Mortgage
Deed and  Security  Agreement),  may be  subjected  to such  lien  and  security
interest by Mortgagor or by anyone on behalf of  Mortgagor,  or with the consent
of Mortgagor,  or which  otherwise may come into the  possession or otherwise be
subjected to the control of Mortgagee  or  Mortgagor  pursuant to this  Mortgage
Deed and Security Agreement or any associated loan document.

      Additionally,  Mortgagor  hereby  assigns to Mortgagee all of  Mortgagor's
rights  and  interests  as lessor in any leases now or  hereafter  existing  and
affecting the Property  described  herein  together  with all rents,  income and
profits  due and  becoming  due  therefrom,  which  leases  shall be subject and
subordinate  to this  Mortgage  in all  respects.  In the  event of any  default
occasioning  acceleration under this Mortgage or the Note,  Mortgagor authorizes
Mortgagee to demand and collect all rents  accruing from the Mortgaged  Property
and apply the same to the  outstanding  indebtedness  and any payments thus made
and  applied  shall not cure any  default  or impair  the  Mortgagee's  right to
proceed with any legal  action to collect its entire  mortgage  debt.  Mortgagor
hereby authorizes  Mortgagee to give notice in writing of this assignment at any
time to any  tenant  whose  lease is  assigned  to  Mortgagee  by virtue of this
provision.  Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, Mortgagor shall have
the right to collect  said rents;  provided  however,  that even before  default
occurs,  no advance rent (other than one (1) month's advance rent and a security
deposit) shall be collected. Mortgagor further agrees to take no other act which
would impair or destroy the rights and benefits of Mortgagee hereunder.

                                       4
<PAGE>

      The Property and all of the foregoing items are  collectively  referred to
as the "Mortgaged Property".

      TO HAVE  AND TO HOLD  the  same,  with the  tenements,  hereditaments  and
appurtenances thereunto belonging unto Mortgagee.

      PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that if Mortgagor  shall  promptly pay or cause to be
paid to  Mortgagee  all sums  payable  under the  Note,  at the times and in the
manner  stipulated  therein,  all without any  deductions or credit for taxes or
other similar charges paid by Mortgagor,  as well as all future advances and all
other  sums  and  indebtedness,  obligations  and  liabilities  for  which  this
instrument is security,  and shall keep,  perform and observe all other promises
in the Note and any renewals,  extensions,  or modifications  thereof,  and also
provided  that if Mortgagor  shall  promptly  keep,  perform and observe all the
covenants and  conditions  in this Mortgage Deed and Security  Agreement and any
extension or modifications  thereof,  and in all other instruments  securing the
Note, to be kept,  performed or observed by Mortgagor,  then this Mortgage,  and
all the properties,  interest, and rights hereby granted,  conveyed and assigned
shall cease and be void, but shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.

                                   ARTICLE ONE
                             COVENANTS OF MORTGAGOR

      Mortgagor covenants and agrees with Mortgagee as follows:

      1.01 Performance of Note,  Mortgage,  and other Loan Documents.  Mortgagor
shall  perform,  observe  and comply  with all  provisions  of the Note and will
promptly pay to Mortgagee the principal and interest  thereon and all other sums
required to be paid by Mortgagor  under the Note when payment  shall become due,
all  without  deduction  or credit for taxes or other  similar  charges  paid by
Mortgagor,  and Mortgagor shall perform,  observe and comply with all provisions
of this Mortgage,  together with all other documentation  executed in connection
herewith.

      1.02 Warranty of Title.  Mortgagor is indefeasibly seized of the Mortgaged
Property in fee simple; that Mortgagor has full power and lawful right to convey
the Mortgaged  Property in fee simple as aforesaid;  that it shall be lawful for
Mortgagee  at all times  hereafter  peaceably  and quietly to enter upon,  hold,
occupy and enjoy the Mortgaged  Property;  that the Mortgaged Property and every
part thereof is free from all liens and encumbrances except for (a) that certain
first  mortgage in favor of Charley  Zeches,  in her  capacity as Trust of LAKES
HOLDING  TRUST  U/A  dated  July 27,  2001,  having an  outstanding  balance  of
$7,000,000 ("Zeches  Mortgage"),  (b) 2005 and subsequent year's taxes which are
not  yet due  and  owing  and (c)  the  recorded  special  exceptions  expressly
identified in any mortgagee  title insurance  policy accepted by Mortgagee,  and
that Mortgagor will make such other and further  assurances to perfect the title
to the Mortgaged  Property in Mortgagee as may  hereafter be required;  and that
Mortgagor does hereby fully warrant the title to the Mortgaged Property and will
defend  the same  against  the  lawful  claims of all  persons  whomsoever.  For
purposes of this  Article,  record  notice of any title  defect shall not in any
manner  constitute   notice  to  Mortgagee  of  such  title  defect.   Mortgagor
acknowledges  that Mortgagee is acting in reliance upon the above warranties and
representations of Mortgagor concerning title to the Mortgaged Property.

                                       5
<PAGE>

      1.03 Zoning.  All  applicable  zoning  laws,  ordinances  and  regulations
affecting  the  Mortgaged  Property  permit the current use and occupancy of the
Mortgaged  Property and the intended  uses to be made by Mortgagor as relayed to
Mortgagee.

      1.04 Taxes and Liens, and Utility Charges.

            (a) Mortgagor shall pay promptly,  when and as due (and on or before
such date so as to obtain the  maximum  available  discount),  and  shall,  upon
Mortgagee's  request,  promptly exhibit to Mortgagee receipts for the payment of
all taxes,  assessments,  rates, dues,  charges,  fines and impositions of every
kind whatsoever now or hereafter imposed, levied or assessed upon or against the
Mortgaged Property or any part thereof,  or upon or against this Mortgage or the
indebtedness  or other sums secured  hereby,  or upon or against the interest of
Mortgagee in the Mortgaged  Property,  as well as all income taxes,  assessments
and other  governmental  charges  levied and  imposed  by the  United  States of
America or any state,  county,  municipality,  borough or other taxing authority
upon or against  Mortgagor or in respect of the  Mortgaged  Property or any part
thereof, and any charge which, if unpaid, would become a lien or charge upon the
Mortgaged  Property  before  they  become  delinquent  and before  any  interest
attaches or any penalty is incurred.

            (b)  Mortgagor   shall  not  permit  or  suffer  any   construction,
contractor's, mechanic's, laborer's, or materialmen's statutory or other lien to
be created or to remain a lien upon any of the Mortgaged Property, which lien is
not released or terminated within thirty (30) days of the filing thereof.

            (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Mortgage,  Mortgagor
shall  have the right to  contest  any  taxes,  liens and  charges  provided  it
proceeds with due diligence and gives  Mortgagee  adequate  assurance by bonding
such  disputed  liens or by  depositing  the amounts of such  disputed  taxes or
charges with Mortgagee,  which deposited amounts shall be returned to Mortgagor,
upon  resolution  of such  contest and  evidence  satisfactory  to  Mortgagee of
Mortgagor's compliance with any determination thereof.

            (d) In the event of the passage, after the date of this Mortgage, of
any law deducting from the value of the Mortgaged  Property,  for the purpose of
taxation, any lien thereon, or changing in any way the laws now in force for the
taxation  of  mortgages  or debts  secured  by  mortgages,  or the manner of the
collection of any such taxes, so as to affect this Mortgage, or imposing payment
of the whole or any portion of any taxes,  assessments or other similar  charges
against the Mortgaged Property upon Mortgagee,  the indebtedness  secured hereby
shall immediately  become due and payable at the option of Mortgagee;  provided,
however,  that if any such law shall impose a tax upon Mortgagee or increase any
tax now payable by Mortgagee, such election by Mortgagee shall be ineffective if
prior to the due date:  (i) Mortgagor is permitted by law and can become legally
obligated to pay such tax or the increased  portion  thereof (in addition to all
interest and charges payable  hereunder and under the Note); (ii) Mortgagor does
pay such tax or increased portion;  and (iii) Mortgagor agrees with Mortgagee in
writing to pay,  or  reimburse  Mortgagee  for the  payment  of, any such tax or
increased  portion  thereof  when  thereafter  levied or  assessed  against  the
Mortgaged  Property or any portion  thereof.  The obligations of Mortgagor under
such agreement shall be secured hereby.

                                       6
<PAGE>

      1.05 Insurance.  Mortgagor  shall obtain,  deliver to and maintain for the
benefit of Mortgagee  (and without  cost to  Mortgagee)  during the term of this
Mortgage,  with all  premiums  paid  thereon and without  notice or demand,  the
following insurance with respect to the Mortgaged Property:

            (a) If and as  applicable,  Mortgagor  shall obtain,  deliver to and
maintain for the benefit of Mortgagee an "all risks"  permanent hazard insurance
policy along with a flood insurance  policy,  if the Mortgaged  Property is in a
designated  flood  plain  area.  The policy or  policies  must be from a company
satisfactory to Mortgagee, must cover all risks (with full replacement coverage)
required to be covered by Mortgagee (such as, but not limited to, fire, extended
coverage,  windstorm,  sprinkler leakage coverage, if applicable,  theft, boiler
explosion  coverage,  if  applicable,  building  ordinance or law coverage,  and
vandalism coverage) and must be in an amount satisfactory to Mortgagee and in no
event  less  than the  amount  due under  the Note and  sufficient  to avoid the
application  of any  co-insurance  provisions,  must  include  provisions  for a
minimum thirty (30) day prior written notice to Mortgagee of any intended policy
cancellation  or  non-renewal,  and must designate  Mortgagee as a mortgagee and
loss payee.

            (b) Mortgagor shall obtain, deliver to, and maintain for the benefit
of Mortgagee (general comprehensive public) liability insurance (i.e. commercial
general  liability  insurance)  against  claims  for  bodily  injury,  death and
property damage occurring in, on or about the Mortgaged Property in such amounts
as may be required by Mortgagee but not less than Two Million and 00/100 Dollars
($2,000,000.00)  in the case of  bodily  injury  or death  to one  person,  Five
Million and 00/100  Dollars  ($5,000,000.00)  in any one  occurrence  and in the
annual aggregate, and Two Million and 00/100 Dollars ($2,000,000.00) in the case
of  property  damage.  The  general  comprehensive  public  liability  insurance
policies must be from a company  reasonably  satisfactory  to Mortgagee and must
include  provisions for a minimum of thirty (30) days advance  written notice to
Mortgagee of any intended policy  cancellation or non-renewal and must designate
Mortgagee as a mortgagee and an additional named insured.

            (c) If  required  by  Mortgagee,  and  otherwise  applicable  to the
business of Mortgagor,  Mortgagor shall obtain,  deliver to and maintain for the
benefit of Mortgagee,  Workers'  Compensation  Insurance in the statutory amount
naming Mortgagor as owner of the Mortgaged Property.

            (d) Mortgagor shall obtain,  deliver to and maintain for the benefit
of Mortgagee insurance coverage (and changes to the above  requirements)  during
the term of this  Mortgage  in such  amounts and to protect  against  such other
insurable  hazards,  casualties and  contingencies as may, from time to time, be
required by Mortgagee.

                                       7
<PAGE>

            (e) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Mortgage or the other
loan  documents  to the  contrary,  each  insurance  policy  required  hereunder
(liability,  casualty or builder's risk  insurance)  shall include  coverage for
acts  of  terrorism.  If  the  applicable  insurance  policy  excludes  acts  of
terrorism,  Mortgagor  shall be  required to purchase  separate  insurance  that
covers  acts  of  terrorism,  which  insurance  shall  be in  form  and  content
acceptable to Mortgagee, in its sole discretion.

      All  policies of insurance  required  hereunder  shall:  (a) be written by
carriers  which are licensed or authorized to transact  business in the State of
Florida and are rated  "B+"-Class XI or better according to the latest published
Best Key Rating Guide,  and which shall  otherwise be acceptable to Mortgagee in
all other  respects;  (b) provide that the Mortgagee  shall receive a minimum of
thirty  (30) days prior  written  notice  from the issuer  before  cancellation,
modification, material change or non-renewal of the policy; (c) provide for full
replacement;  (d) be written without a deductible provision and for such amounts
as are sufficient to prevent Mortgagor from becoming excessively self-insured or
a co-insurer thereunder; (e) contain no exclusion for acts of terrorism; and (f)
provide that Mortgagee be protected as a lien holder,  regardless of any actions
of  Mortgagor.  Mortgagor  shall  pay  promptly  when due any  premiums  on such
insurance policies and on any renewals thereof.  The form of such policies,  the
companies  issuing  them and the amount of coverage  which is required  shall be
acceptable to Mortgagee. Each policy, including policies for any amounts carried
in excess of the  required  minimum and policies  not  specifically  required by
Mortgagee,  shall be maintained in full force and effect, shall be assigned, and
the original policies delivered to Mortgagee with premiums prepaid. All policies
shall be endorsed  with a standard  mortgagee  clause in favor of  Mortgagee  as
first mortgagee, not subject to contribution or assessment.  If the insurance or
any part thereof  shall expire or be withdrawn or become void or  inadequate  by
Mortgagor's breach of any condition  thereof,  or become void or insufficient by
reason of the failure or  impairment  of the capital of any company in which the
insurance  may then be carried,  or if for any reason  whatsoever  the insurance
shall be unsatisfactory to Mortgagee, Mortgagor shall place new insurance on the
Mortgaged Property,  satisfactory to Mortgagee.  The original policies, with the
premiums  paid,  shall be delivered to Mortgagee  upon the execution  hereof and
renewal policies with the premiums paid shall be delivered to Mortgagee at least
thirty (30) days before  expiration of the old  policies.  In the event of loss,
Mortgagor will give immediate notice thereof to Mortgagee and Mortgagee may make
proof  of loss if not  made  promptly  by  Mortgagor  and  Mortgagee  is  hereby
appointed  attorney-in-fact for Mortgagor,  which appointment is coupled with an
interest,  to make  said  proof  of loss  and give a  receipt  for any  proceeds
collected  under such  policies.  Each  insurance  company  concerned  is hereby
authorized  and  directed  to make  payment  under such  insurance,  directly to
Mortgagee.  All such  policies  herein  are  hereby  assigned  to  Mortgagee  as
additional  security  for the payment of the  indebtedness  hereby  secured.  If
Mortgagee becomes the owner of the Mortgaged  Property,  or any part thereof, by
foreclosure or otherwise,  such  policies,  including all rights and interest of
the Mortgagor thereunder, shall become the absolute property of Mortgagee.

      The address of the  Mortgagee  under any  mortgagee  and loss payee clause
shall be set forth as follows:

                                       8
<PAGE>

                         Mitchell Entertainment Company
                         7220 NW 36th Street, Suite 100
                         Miami, Florida 33166

      After the  occurrence  of an Event of Default,  at the option of Mortgagee
and assuming the mortgagee under the Zeches Mortgage has not otherwise exercised
this option,  Mortgagor  shall pay to  Mortgagee,  together  with the  regularly
scheduled  payment due under the Note, a sum equal to one-twelfth  (1/12) of the
annual amount necessary to pay all insurance premiums so as to keep all required
insurance on the  Mortgaged  Property in full force and effect.  All monies thus
paid shall be held by  Mortgagee  without  interest and in  accordance  with the
terms and provisions of Paragraph  1.06 below,  subject to any prior exercise by
the mortgagee under the Zeches Mortgage.

      1.06 Escrow Account.  Mortgagor shall pay to Mortgagee,  together with and
in addition to the payment of  principal  and  interest  payable  under the Note
secured hereby, an amount  reasonably  sufficient (as estimated by Mortgagee) to
provide Mortgagee with funds to pay such taxes, assessments,  insurance premiums
(insurance  premiums  to  be  paid  only  if  required  by  Mortgagee  and  upon
notification from Mortgagee),  and other charges next due so that Mortgagee will
have  sufficient  funds on hand to pay the same at least thirty (30) days before
whichever of the following dates first occurs: (a) the date on which they become
past due; (b) the date on which there is any discount  loss;  or (c) the date on
which  there is  additional  interest  or  penalty  charged.  In no event  shall
Mortgagee  be liable for any  interest on any amount paid to it under any escrow
requirement herein (unless required by applicable law) and the money so received
may be held in a special  escrow  account  properly  designated for the purposes
designated above or may be commingled with the general funds of Mortgagee.  Upon
demand of Mortgagee,  Mortgagor shall deliver to Mortgagee,  within fifteen (15)
days after such demand, such additional sums of money as are necessary to enable
Mortgagee to pay the above noted impositions,  premiums and charges when due. In
the case of a default by  Mortgagor  hereunder,  Mortgagee  may apply any amount
under  this  paragraph  remaining  to  Mortgagor's  credit to the  reduction  of
principal or interest or any other charge due and owing hereunder, at such times
and in such a manner as  Mortgagee  shall  determine,  in its sole and  absolute
discretion.  Upon payment in full of the indebtedness  secured by this Mortgage,
the amount of any unused escrow funds shall be paid over to the person or entity
entitled to receive the same. This Section 1.06 shall be subject and subordinate
to the rights of the mortgagee under the Zeches Mortgage.

      1.07  Condemnation.  If all  or  any  substantial  part  of the  Mortgaged
Property shall be damaged or permanently taken through  condemnation (which term
when  used in this  Mortgage  shall  include  any such  damage  or  taking  by a
governmental  authority,  and any transfer by private sale in lieu thereof), the
entire  indebtedness  secured hereby shall,  at the option of Mortgagee,  become
immediately  due and payable.  Subject to the rights of the mortgagee  under the
Zeches  Mortgage,  Mortgagee shall be entitled to all  compensation,  awards and
other  payments  or relief  therefor.  All such  compensation,  awards and other
payments or relief  therefor  are hereby  assigned by  Mortgagor  to  Mortgagee.
Mortgagee may release any monies so received by it without affecting the lien of
the Mortgage or may apply the same in such manner as Mortgagee shall  determine,
to the reduction of the  indebtedness  secured by this Mortgage and then, if any
surplus remains after such application, such surplus shall be paid to Mortgagor.
Mortgagor  agrees to execute  such  further  assignments  of any  compensations,
awards and other payments or relief for any such  condemnation  as Mortgagee may
require.

                                       9
<PAGE>

      Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  however,  Mortgagee shall, at its option,
have the right to appear in and defend any condemnation suit in its own name.

      1.08 Care of Property/Restoration Upon Casualty or Condemnation.

            (a) Mortgagor shall preserve and maintain the Mortgaged  Property in
good  condition  and repair.  Mortgagor  shall not remove or demolish,  alter or
change the use of any  building,  structure  or other  improvement  presently or
hereafter  on the  Mortgaged  Property  without  the prior  written  consent  of
Mortgagee. Mortgagor shall not permit, commit or suffer any waste, impairment or
deterioration  of the Mortgaged  Property or of any part  thereof,  and will not
take any action which will materially  increase the risk of fire or other hazard
to the Mortgaged Property or to any part thereof.

            (b) Except as  otherwise  provided  in this  Mortgage,  no  fixture,
personal  property or other part of the Mortgaged  Property  shall be removed or
materially demolished without the prior written consent of Mortgagee.  Mortgagor
may  sell or  otherwise  dispose  of,  free  from  the  lien  of this  Mortgage,
furniture,  furnishings,  equipment, tools, appliances,  machinery,  fixtures or
appurtenances,   subject  to  the  lien  hereof,  which  may  become  worn  out,
undesirable  or obsolete  only if they are  replaced  concurrently  with similar
items of at least  equal value  which  shall,  without  further  action,  become
subject to the lien of this Mortgage.

            (c) Mortgagee  may enter upon and inspect the Mortgaged  Property at
any reasonable time during the term of this Mortgage.

            (d) Mortgagor will promptly comply with all present and future laws,
ordinances,  rules and regulations of any governmental  authority  affecting the
Mortgaged  Property or any part  thereof.  Mortgagor  reserves and maintains the
right if Mortgagor  deems any item referred to in this  Paragraph  1.08(d) to be
illegal,  improperly  applied or otherwise  inconsistent with the legal right of
Mortgagor,  to contest  and/or  litigate  such item so long as the  validity  is
contested by Mortgagor  with  diligence  and in good faith and with  appropriate
deposits,  if  required,  paid  in  escrow  with  the  Clerk  of the  Court,  if
appropriate,  so that  accumulation of penalties are avoided or, if not avoided,
an additional deposit  sufficient to cover all such penalties.  In the event any
payment  of the  whole of any  amount  due shall be  necessary  to  prevent  any
foreclosure on the Mortgaged Property, then Mortgagor shall pay all such amounts
in sufficient time to prevent any such foreclosure.

            (e) If the  Mortgaged  Property  or any part  thereof  is damaged or
destroyed by fire,  by  condemnation,  or any other cause,  Mortgagor  will give
immediate written notice of the same to Mortgagee.

            (f) Each property  insurance  policy shall provide that the proceeds
of  insurance  paid on  account of any damage or  destruction  to the  Mortgaged
Property,  or any part  thereof,  shall  be paid to  Mortgagee.  Mortgagor  also

                                       10
<PAGE>

acknowledges that all proceeds of condemnation (i.e.,  compensation,  awards and
other payment or relief  therefor)  have been assigned by Mortgagor to Mortgagee
(such  proceeds of  insurance  and  condemnation  are  hereinafter  collectively
referred to as the  "Proceeds").  Mortgagor shall promptly  deliver to Mortgagee
any Proceeds  which are paid  directly to  Mortgagor  by the casualty  insurance
carrier or by any governmental or quasi-governmental  authority. In the event of
damage or destruction to the Mortgaged Property or any portion thereof,  whether
insured  or  uninsured,  or if any  part  of the  Mortgaged  Property  shall  be
physically  damaged through  condemnation,  Mortgagor shall, as set forth above,
give immediate  written notice thereof to Mortgagee and Mortgagee shall have the
option,  in its sole  and  absolute  discretion,  to apply  any  portion  of the
Proceeds to the payment of the  indebtedness  evidenced by the Note, or to allow
all or any  portion of the  Proceeds to be used for the  restoration,  repair or
replacement  of the  Mortgaged  Property or  applicable  part thereof under such
conditions as may be established by Mortgagee.

      1.09 After Acquired Property. The lien of this Mortgage will automatically
attach,  without further act, to all after acquired  personal  property owned by
Mortgagor  located in or on, or  attached  to, or used or intended to be used in
connection  with,  the  Mortgaged  Property or any part  thereof.  It shall also
attach,  without  further act, to any real property now or hereafter  during the
term of this Mortgage  acquired by Mortgagee or its affiliates which is adjacent
or  reasonably  proximate  to  the  Mortgaged  Property  ("Adjacent  Property").
However,  Mortgagor agrees to execute and deliver to Mortgagee,  within ten (10)
days after  request,  any  documentation  reasonably  required by  Mortgagee  to
perfect the "spreading" of the lien of this Mortgage to such Adjacent Property.

      1.10 Expenses. Mortgagor shall pay, or reimburse Mortgagee, for all costs,
fees,  charges,  taxes (including,  without  limitation,  documentary stamp tax,
intangible  taxes  (recurring  and  nonrecurring))  and  expenses of every kind,
including the cost of an abstract of title to said lands, found to be convenient
or expedient in connection  with any suit for the  foreclosure of this Mortgage,
and also including  reasonable  attorneys' fees incurred or expended at any time
by Mortgagee because of the failure of Mortgagor to pay the Note as agreed or of
Mortgagor  to perform,  comply with,  and abide by all or any of the  covenants,
conditions  and  stipulations  of this Mortgage  and/or the other loan documents
evidencing or securing the Note, and in the  foreclosure of this Mortgage and in
collecting the amount due under the Note secured  hereby,  with or without legal
proceedings,  and to  reimburse  Mortgagee  for every  payment made for any such
purpose  with  interest  from date of every such payment at the Default Rate (as
defined in the Note);  such payments and  obligations,  with interest thereon as
aforesaid,  shall be  secured  by the lien  hereof.  Any  judgment  obtained  by
Mortgagee  against  Mortgagor  as to any  amounts  due  under  the  Note or this
Mortgage shall also bear interest at the Default Rate.

      1.11 Books and Records.  Mortgagor will keep complete books and records of
account in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied ("GAAP") covering and relating to the Mortgaged Property and will permit
Mortgagee  or  Mortgagee's  agents,  accountants  and  attorneys  to inspect the
Mortgaged  Property and examine  Mortgagor's books and records as they relate to
the  Mortgaged  Property,  at  such  reasonable  times  as may be  requested  by
Mortgagee, and at Mortgagee's sole cost.

                                       11
<PAGE>

      1.12 Mortgagor as Lessor. Mortgagor shall faithfully perform the covenants
and  agreements  of  Mortgagor  as lessor  under any present  and future  leases
affecting all or any portion of the Mortgaged  Property,  and neither neglect to
do, nor permit to be done, anything which may diminish or impair their value, or
the rents provided for therein or thereunder.  Mortgagor  agrees:  (a) that said
leases shall remain in full force and effect  irrespective  of any merger of the
interest of the lessor and lessee  thereunder  and that it will not  transfer or
convey the title to the Mortgaged  Property or any portion thereof to any of the
lessees; (b) not to enter into any new lease agreement,  with respect to a 5,000
square foot or greater  portion of the  Property or with respect to a portion of
the Property which is less than 5,000 square feet, unless the rent payable under
such lease  agreement  represents the fair market value for the lease of a space
of similar size and character to the space rented under such lease  agreement or
terminate or materially modify or amend said leases or any of the terms thereof,
or grant any concessions in connection  therewith,  either orally or in writing,
or to accept a surrender  thereof  without the written  consent of the Mortgagee
and  that  any  attempted  execution  of  any  new  lease  or  any  termination,
modification,  or amendment of any lease or leases without such written  consent
shall be null and void;  (c) not to collect any  advance  rents other than first
and last month's  advance rent and a security  deposit;  (d) not to discount any
future  accruing rents,  except in the ordinary  course of business;  (e) not to
execute any other assignments of any lease or any interest therein or any of the
rents thereunder;  (f) to perform all of Mortgagor's covenants and agreements as
lessor  under said  leases  and not to suffer or permit to occur any  release of
liability  of the lessees,  or any rights of the lessees to withhold  payment of
rent;  and to give prompt  notice to  Mortgagee  of any notice of default on the
part of Mortgagor  with respect to said leases  received  from the lessees;  (g)
that none of the rights or remedies of Mortgagee  under this  Mortgage  shall be
delayed  or in  any  way  prejudiced  by  assignment;  (h)  notwithstanding  any
variation  of the terms of this  Mortgage or any  extension  of time for payment
hereunder or any release of part or parts of the lands conveyed  hereunder,  the
leases and benefits  thereby  assigned shall continue as additional  security in
accordance with the terms hereof;  (i) not to alter,  modify or change the terms
of any guarantees  with respect to the leases without the prior written  consent
of Mortgagee,  except in the ordinary course of business;  (j) not to consent to
any assignment of any lease or leases, or any subletting thereunder,  whether or
not in  accordance  with  their  terms,  without  the prior  written  consent of
Mortgagee,  except in the  ordinary  course  of  business;  (k) not to  request,
consent to,  agree to, or accept a  subordination  of any lease or leases to any
mortgage or other encumbrance now or hereafter affecting the Mortgaged Property,
except for this  Mortgage if  requested  by  Mortgagee;  (l) not to exercise any
right  of  election,  whether  specifically  set  forth  in any  such  lease  or
otherwise,  which would in any way diminish  the lessee's  liability or have the
effect of shortening the stated term of the lease, except in the ordinary course
of business; (m) not to sell, transfer,  assign, or remove any personal property
now or hereafter located on the Mortgaged  Property,  unless such action results
in  substitution or replacement  with similar items,  owned by Mortgagor and not
otherwise  encumbered,  of equal  value,  without the prior  written  consent of
Mortgagee;  and (n) not to enter into any new lease agreement with any operating
dry  cleaner  or  gasoline  service  station  or any  similar  type or  types of
establishment  without first obtaining the written  consent of Mortgagee,  which
may be withheld by  Mortgagee,  in its sole and absolute  discretion.  Mortgagor
shall procure and deliver to Mortgagee at the time of executing the Mortgage, or
at any time within thirty (30) days after notice and demand, estoppel letters or
certificates from each lessee, tenant or occupant in possession of the Mortgaged
Property,  as required by, and in form and substance  satisfactory to, Mortgagee
and deliver to Mortgagee a recorded  assignment of all the lessor's  interest in
such leases, in form and substance

                                       12
<PAGE>

satisfactory  to Mortgagee (in addition to the assignment and mortgage  herein),
and proof of proper service of a copy of such assignment on each lessee,  either
personally or by prepaid certified mail, return receipt requested.  All forms of
lease,  rental or use  agreements  (and  amendments  thereto) for the  Mortgaged
Property, or any part thereof,  shall be submitted to Mortgagee for approval for
lending  purposes  prior  to  becoming  binding  upon  Mortgagor,   unless  this
requirement is waived in writing by Mortgagee.

      1.13 Environmental  Contamination/Hazardous  Wastes.  Mortgagor shall keep
and maintain the Mortgaged  Property in compliance  with, and shall not cause or
permit the Mortgaged Property to be in violation of, any federal, state or local
laws, ordinances or regulations,  including,  without limitation, those relating
to zoning,  building,  occupational safety and health,  industrial hygiene or to
the  environmental  conditions  on,  under  or  about  the  Mortgaged  Property,
including, but not limited to soil and ground water conditions.  Mortgagor shall
not use,  generate,  manufacture,  store or dispose  of, on,  under or about the
Mortgaged  Property or transport to or from the Mortgaged Property any flammable
explosives, radioactive materials, including, without limitation, any substances
defined as or included in the definition of "hazardous  substances,"  "hazardous
wastes,"  "hazardous  materials,"  and "toxic  substances"  under any applicable
federal or state laws or regulations (collectively, the "Hazardous Materials").

      Mortgagee,  at its sole option and at Mortgagor's  expense, may obtain, at
any time and from time to time  (but not more than once in any 12 month  period,
unless there exists reasonable  evidence of contamination of or at the Mortgaged
Property or in proximity thereof,  or the existence of Hazardous Materials at or
upon the Mortgaged  Property or in proximity  thereof) so long as any obligation
hereunder remains unsatisfied, an environmental assessment or audit certified to
Mortgagee from a reputable  environmental engineer of Mortgagee's choice for the
purpose of determining  whether the Mortgaged  Property has been or presently is
being  used  for the  handling,  storage,  transportation,  or  disposal  of any
Hazardous  Materials  and/or to determine the existence of any  contamination on
the Mortgaged  Property or violation of any  environmental  law at the Mortgaged
Property,  whether caused off-site or on-site and whether caused by Mortgagor or
a third party. Said  environmental  assessment or audit shall include a study of
the existing  surface and subsurface  conditions of the Property and an analysis
of the  soil,  including  sufficient  test  borings  to  determine  whether  any
contamination  exists.  Mortgagor  hereby  grants to  Mortgagee,  its agents and
contractors, an irrevocable license to enter upon the Mortgaged Property for the
purpose of conducting  any  environmental  testing  desired by Mortgagee,  which
license shall remain in place until this Mortgage has been  satisfied of record.
In the event  Mortgagee  requests such a report and said report  indicates  such
handling,  storage,  transportation,  or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, or
the existence of any contamination on the Mortgaged Property or violation of any
environmental law in connection with the Mortgaged  Property,  the same shall be
and  constitute,  at the option of  Mortgagee,  an Event of  Default  hereunder.
Mortgagee  may  require  that  all  violations  of law with  respect  to same be
corrected and that Mortgagor obtain all necessary  environmental  permits before
Mortgagee  shall  fund any  initial or  subsequent  advance  under the Note,  at
Mortgagee's sole option.

      Mortgagor shall  immediately  advise  Mortgagee in writing of: (a) any and
all enforcement,  cleanup,  removal or other  governmental or regulatory actions
instituted, completed or threatened pursuant to any applicable federal, state or
local  laws,  ordinances  or  regulations  relating to any  Hazardous  Materials
affecting the Property (the "Hazardous  Materials Laws"); (b) all claims made or
threatened  by any third party  against  Mortgagor or the  Property  relating to
damage, contribution,  cost recovery compensation, loss or injury resulting from
any Hazardous  Materials (the matters set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above
are collectively  referred to herein as the "Hazardous  Materials Claims");  and
(c) Mortgagor's discovery of any occurrence or condition on any immovable (real)
property  adjoining  or in the  vicinity  of the  Property  that could cause the
Property or any part thereof to be subject to any restrictions on the ownership,
occupancy,  transferability or use of the Property under any Hazardous Materials
Laws.

                                       13
<PAGE>

      Mortgagee  shall have the right to join and  participate in, as a party if
it so elects,  any legal proceedings or actions initiated in connection with any
Hazardous  Materials  Claims  and to have  its  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and
paralegal  charges and all costs  incurred in connection  with such  proceedings
paid by  Mortgagor.  Mortgagor  shall  be  solely  responsible  for,  and  shall
indemnify,  defend  and hold  Mortgagee,  its  directors,  officers,  employees,
agents, successors and assigns harmless from and against any loss, damage, cost,
expense or liability,  directly or indirectly  arising out of or attributable to
the use, generation,  storage, release, threatened release, discharge, disposal,
or presence of Hazardous  Materials on, under or about the Property,  including,
without limitation:  (a) all foreseeable consequential damages; (b) the costs of
any required or necessary repair, cleanup or detoxification of the Property, and
the preparation and  implementation  of any closure,  remedial or other required
plans;  and (c) all  reasonable  costs and  expenses  incurred by  Mortgagee  in
connection  with  subsections  (a)  and  (b),  including,  but not  limited  to,
reasonable attorneys' fees and paralegal charges.

      Without Mortgagee's prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld,  Mortgagor  shall  not take any  remedial  action in  response  to the
presence of any Hazardous  Materials on, under,  or about the Property nor enter
into any settlement agreement, consent decree, or other compromise in respect to
any Hazardous  Material Claims,  which remedial action,  settlement,  consent or
compromise  might,  in  Mortgagee's  reasonable  judgment,  impair  the value of
Mortgagee's  security  hereunder;  provided,  however,  that  Mortgagee's  prior
consent  shall not be  necessary  in the event that the  presence  of  Hazardous
Materials on, or under, or about the Property  either poses an immediate  threat
to the health,  safety or welfare of any  individual or is of such a nature that
an immediate  remedial  response is  necessary  and it is not possible to obtain
Mortgagee's  consent  before  taking such  action,  provided  that in such event
Mortgagor shall notify  Mortgagee as soon as practicable of any action so taken.
Mortgagee  agrees not to withhold  its  consent,  where such consent is required
hereunder,  if either (a) a particular  remedial action is ordered by a court of
competent   jurisdiction,   or  (b)  Mortgagor  establishes  to  the  reasonable
satisfaction  of  Mortgagee  that  there is no  reasonable  alternative  to such
remedial  action which would result in less  impairment of Mortgagee's  security
hereunder.

      Mortgagor  hereby agrees to indemnify  Mortgagee and hold  Mortgagee,  its
directors,  officers, employees, agents, successors and assigns harmless (except
to the  extent  caused by the gross  negligence  or  willful  misconduct  of the
Mortgagee) from and against any and all claims,  losses,  damages,  liabilities,
fines, penalties,  charges,  administrative and judicial proceedings and orders,
judgments,  remedial action  requirements,  enforcement actions of any kind, and
all costs and expenses  incurred in  connection  therewith  (including,  but not
limited to, attorneys' fees,  paralegal

                                       14
<PAGE>

charges and expenses),  arising directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, out
of (a) any  Hazardous  Materials  Claims  or (b) the  presence  on or under  the
Property  of any  Hazardous  Materials,  or any  releases or  discharges  of any
Hazardous Materials on, under or from the Property,  or (c) any activity carried
on or undertaken on or off the Property,  whether prior to or during the term of
this  Mortgage,  and whether by  Mortgagor  or any  predecessor-in-title  or any
employees,   agents,   contractors  or   subcontractors   of  Mortgagor  or  any
predecessor-in-title,  or any third persons at any time  occupying or present on
the Property,  in connection  with the handling,  treatment,  removal,  storage,
decontamination,  clean-up,  transport or disposal of any Hazardous Materials at
any time located or present on or under the Property.  The  foregoing  indemnity
shall further apply to any residual  contamination on or under the Property,  or
affecting any natural  resources,  and to any  contamination  of any property or
natural  resources  arising in connection  with the generation,  use,  handling,
storage, transport or disposal of any such Hazardous Materials, and irrespective
of whether any of such  activities were or will be undertaken in accordance with
applicable laws, regulations, codes and ordinances.

      Mortgagor agrees at all times to comply fully and in a timely manner,  and
to cause all tenants,  employees,  agents,  contractors  and  subcontractors  of
Mortgagor  and any other  persons  occupying  or present on the  Property  to so
comply,  with  all  applicable  federal,  state  and  local  laws,  regulations,
guidelines,  codes and ordinances  applicable to the use, generation,  handling,
storage,  treatment,  transport and disposal of any  Hazardous  Materials now or
hereafter  located or present on or under the Property,  and Mortgagor agrees to
indemnify,  defend  and hold  Mortgagee,  its  directors,  officers,  employees,
agents,  successors  and assigns,  harmless from and against any and all claims,
losses,  damages,  liabilities,  fines, penalties,  charges,  administrative and
judicial  proceedings  and  orders,  judgments,  remedial  action  requirements,
enforcement  actions  of any  kind,  and all  costs  and  expenses  incurred  in
connection therewith (including,  but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees,
paralegal charges and expenses),  arising directly or indirectly, in whole or in
part,  from  any  failure  of  Mortgagor,   its  tenants,   employees,   agents,
contractors, subcontractors or other such persons, to comply with any such laws,
regulations, guidelines, codes or ordinances.

      The  obligations  of Mortgagor  to  indemnify,  defend and hold  Mortgagee
harmless  under this section shall survive any  foreclosure  of this Mortgage or
any transfer of the Property  whatsoever and repayment of the loan(s) secured by
this Mortgage.

      1.14 Mortgagee's Right to Perform Upon Defaults of Mortgagor. If Mortgagor
defaults in the payment of any tax, assessment, encumbrance or other imposition,
in its  obligation to furnish  insurance  hereunder,  or in the  performance  or
observance of any other covenant,  condition or term in this Mortgage, Mortgagee
may, at its option,  perform or observe the same  without  waiving any rights it
may have hereunder,  and all payments made (whether such payments are regular or
accelerated  payments)  and costs and expenses  incurred or paid by Mortgagee in
connection  therewith shall become due and payable  immediately.  The amounts so
incurred or paid by Mortgagee,  together  with  interest  thereon at the maximum
rate permitted by applicable law from the date incurred until paid by Mortgagor,
shall be added to the  indebtedness  and  secured by the lien of this  Mortgage.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as requiring Mortgagee to advance or
expend  monies for any purposes  mentioned in this  paragraph,  or for any other
purpose. Mortgagee is hereby empowered to enter and to authorize others to enter
upon the Mortgaged Property or any part thereof for the purpose of performing or
observing  any such  defaulted  covenant,  condition or terms,  without  thereby
becoming  liable  to  Mortgagor  or  any  person  in  possession  holding  under
Mortgagor.

                                       15
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE TWO
                                    DEFAULTS

      2.01 Event of Default.  The term "Event of Default"  wherever used in this
Mortgage, shall mean any one or more of the following events:

            (a)  failure  by  Mortgagor  to pay  when  due any  installments  of
principal or interest as required  under the Note or any other default under the
terms and  provisions  of the Note or failure by Mortgagor to pay, when due, any
tax deposits, taxes, assessments,  liens, charges,  insurance premiums or to pay
said sums into the escrow account, if required hereunder; or

            (b) failure by Mortgagor to duly keep, perform and observe any other
covenant, condition or agreement in this Mortgage, any other instrument securing
the Note or any other  instrument  or loan  document  collateral  to the Note or
executed in connection with the sums secured hereby,  subject to the Cure Period
as set forth in the Note; or

            (c) the  commencement of levy,  execution or attachment  proceedings
against  Mortgagor,  or the  application  for or  appointment  of a  liquidator,
receiver,  custodian,  sequestrator,  conservator,  trustee,  or  other  similar
judicial officer; or

            (d) the insolvency in the bankruptcy or equity sense,  of Mortgagor;
or

            (e) the assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the admission in
writing of an  inability  to pay any debts  generally as they become due, or the
ordering, the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, by Mortgagor; or

            (f)  the  commencement  of  a  case  against  Mortgagor,  under  any
insolvency,  bankruptcy,  creditor adjustment,  debtor rehabilitation or similar
laws,  state or federal,  or the  determination by any of them to request relief
under any insolvency,  bankruptcy, creditor adjustment, debtor rehabilitation or
similar proceeding, state or federal, including, without limitation, the consent
by any of  them  to the  appointment  of or  taking  possession  by a  receiver,
liquidator,  assignee, trustee, custodian,  sequestrator or similar official for
it or for any of its respective property or assets; or

            (g)  failure  to comply  with the  specific  prohibitions  contained
herein; or

            (h) if any warranty or representation of Mortgagor  contained herein
or  contained  in any of the  associated  loan  documents  prove to be untrue or
misleading in any material respect; or

            (i) if the  Mortgaged  Property  is subject to actual or  threatened
waste, or any part thereof, be removed, demolished or materially altered so that
the value of the Mortgaged Property is diminished; or

                                       16
<PAGE>

            (j) if any  federal  or state tax lien or claim of lien for labor or
material is filed of record against  Mortgagor or the Mortgaged  Property and is
not removed by payment or transfer of lien to bond within  thirty (30) days from
the date of recording; or

            (k) if foreclosure  proceedings  (whether  judicial or otherwise) be
instituted on any mortgage or any lien of any kind secured by any portion of the
Mortgaged Property; or

            (l) if  Mortgagor  defaults  under the Zeches  Mortgage or any other
loan made by Mortgagee to Mortgagor; or

            (m) the  incurrence of any additional  indebtedness,  secured by any
interest in the Property,  without the prior written consent of Mortgagee, which
consent shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of Mortgagee.

      2.02  Acceleration  of Maturity.  If default be made in the payment of the
principal sum or any installment  thereof or any interest thereon as provided in
the Note or if an Event of Default as defined  herein  occurs,  then, in any and
all such events,  the entire principal amount of the Note with all interest then
accrued thereon shall, at the option of Mortgagee and without notice  (Mortgagor
hereby  expressly  waives  notice of any such  default),  become  and be due and
payable.

      2.03  Mortgagee's  Right to Enter and Take  Possession,  Operate and Apply
Income.

            (a) If an Event of Default  shall  have  occurred,  Mortgagor,  upon
demand  of  Mortgagee,   shall  forthwith  surrender  to  Mortgagee  the  actual
possession and, if and to the extent permitted by law,  Mortgagee  itself, or by
such officers or agents as it may appoint,  may enter and take possession of all
of the  Mortgaged  Property,  and  may  exclude  Mortgagor  and its  agents  and
employees  wholly  therefrom,  and may have joint  access with  Mortgagor to the
books, papers and accounts of Mortgagor.

            (b) If  Mortgagor  shall for any reason fail to surrender or deliver
the Mortgaged Property or any part thereof after Mortgagee's  demand,  Mortgagee
may obtain a judgment or decree  conferring  on Mortgagee the right to immediate
possession or requiring Mortgagor to deliver immediate possession of all or part
of the Mortgaged Property to Mortgagee, to the entry of which judgment or decree
Mortgagor hereby specifically consents.  Mortgagor shall pay to Mortgagee,  upon
demand,  all costs  and  expenses  of  obtaining  such  judgment  or decree  and
reasonable  compensation  to Mortgagee,  its attorneys and agents,  and all such
costs,  expenses and  compensation  shall,  until paid,  accrue  interest at the
maximum rate permissible under applicable law and be secured by the lien of this
Mortgage.

            (c) Upon every such entering upon or taking of possession, Mortgagee
may, without  limitation,  hold,  store,  use,  operate,  manage and control the
Mortgaged Property and conduct the business thereof and, from time to time:

                  (i)   make all  necessary  and  proper  maintenance,  repairs,
                        renewals,   replacements,   additions,  betterments  and
                        improvements   thereto  and  thereon  and   purchase  or
                        otherwise acquire  additional  fixtures,  personalty and
                        other property;

                                       17
<PAGE>

                  (ii)  insure or keep the Mortgaged Property insured;

                  (iii) manage and operate the  Mortgaged  Property and exercise
                        all the rights and  powers of  Mortgagor  in its name or
                        otherwise, with respect to the same;

                  (iv)  enter into agreements with others to exercise the powers
                        herein granted Mortgagee; and

                  (v)   receive  reasonable  compensation  for its  service  and
                        reimbursement of its expenses necessarily incurred;

all as Mortgagee from time to time may determine;  and, in connection therewith,
Mortgagor shall  indemnify,  defend and hold Mortgagee  harmless of and from any
and all claims, expenses, demands and/or liability arising therefrom.  Mortgagee
may collect and receive all the income,  revenues,  rents, issues and profits of
the same,  including  those past due as well as those accruing  thereafter;  and
shall apply the monies so received by  Mortgagee  in such  priority as Mortgagee
may  determine  to (1) the payment of accrued  interest on the Note,  (2) to the
payment of overdue  installments  of  principal,  (3) the deposits for taxes and
assessments  due, (4) fees,  charges,  expenses and interest paid and/or accrued
hereunder,  (5) to the cost of insurance,  taxes,  assessments  and other proper
charges upon the Mortgaged  Property or any part thereof  including  repairs and
maintenance thereof, and (6) reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements
of Mortgagee, its agents, attorneys and other representatives.

      2.04  Appointment of Receiver.  In addition to  Mortgagee's  right to take
possession  of and operate the Property,  as set forth above,  either in lieu of
Mortgagee  taking the above set forth actions,  or before taking such action and
not in lieu of Mortgagee  ultimately taking such actions, or after Mortgagee has
already  proceeded  under the terms and  provisions  of  Paragraph  2.03 hereof,
Mortgagee shall be entitled to the appointment of a receiver, in accordance with
the following terms and provisions:

            (a) If at any time, in the  discretion of Mortgagee,  a receivership
may be necessary to protect the Mortgaged Property or the security of Mortgagee,
whether before or after maturity of the Note and any other indebtedness  secured
by this Mortgage,  or at the time of or after the institution of suit to collect
the Note and any other  indebtedness  secured  by this  Mortgage  or to  enforce
and/or foreclose this Mortgage, Mortgagee shall, as a matter of strict right and
regardless of the value of the security for the amounts due hereunder or secured
hereby or of the solvency of any party bound for the payment of the Note and any
other indebtedness secured hereunder,  have the right to the appointment,  on ex
parte  application  and  without  notice  to  Mortgagor,  by  any  court  having
jurisdiction,  of a receiver to take charge of,  manage,  preserve,  protect and
operate the Property and any business or businesses located thereon,  to collect
the rents, issues,  proceeds,  profits and income thereon, to make all necessary
and needed repairs,  to complete the construction of any improvements  which has
been undertaken but not completed,  and to pay all taxes and assessments against
the Mortgaged  Property and insurance  premiums for insurance  thereon and after
the payment of the expenses of the receivership, including reasonable attorneys'
fees to  Mortgagee's  attorney,  and after  compensation  for  management of the
Mortgaged  Property,  to apply the net proceeds in reduction of all indebtedness
hereby  secured or in such manner as the court shall  direct.  All such expenses
shall be secured  by the lien of this  Mortgage  until  paid.  Mortgagor  hereby
specifically  waives the right to object to the  appointment  of a receiver  and
hereby  expressly  consents that such  appointment  shall be made as an admitted
equity and as a matter of absolute right of Mortgagee.

                                       18
<PAGE>

            (b) The  receiver or its agents  shall be entitled to enter upon and
take possession of any and all of the Mortgaged Property,  together with any and
all  businesses  conducted  thereon and all  business  assets used  therewith or
thereon,  or any part or parts thereof,  and to operate and conduct the business
or businesses, or complete construction of improvements,  to the same extent and
in the same manner as Mortgagor  might lawfully do. The receiver,  personally or
through its agents or attorneys,  may exclude  Mortgagor  and its  subsidiaries,
agents,  servants and employees  wholly from the Mortgaged  Property,  and have,
hold, use, operate, manage and control the same and each and every part thereof,
and in the name of Mortgagor, its subsidiaries, or agents, exercise all of their
rights  and  powers  and use all of the  then  existing  items of  security  and
collateral,  materials,  current supplies, stores and assets and, at the expense
of  Mortgagor,  maintain,  restore,  complete  construction  of, insure and keep
insured, the properties,  equipment,  and apparatus provided or required for use
in connection with such business or businesses,  and make all such necessary and
proper  repairs,  renewals  and  replacements  and all such useful  alterations,
additions, betterments and improvements as the receiver may deem judicious.

            (c) Such  receivership  shall, at the option of Mortgagee,  continue
until full payment of the Note and all other sums hereby secured, or until title
to the Property shall have passed by foreclosure sale under this Mortgage.

      2.05 Mortgagee's  Power of Enforcement.  If an Event of Default shall have
occurred,  Mortgagee may,  either with or without entry or taking  possession as
hereinabove provided or otherwise,  proceed by suit or suits at law or in equity
or by any other appropriate  proceeding or remedy: (a) to enforce payment of the
Note or the performance of any term hereof or any other right;  (b) to foreclose
this  Mortgage;  and (c) to pursue any other  remedy,  legal  and/or  equitable,
available to it herein granted and/or under applicable law.

      2.06 Suits to Protect the  Mortgaged  Property.  Mortgagee  shall have the
power and authority, but not the obligation, to institute and maintain any suits
and proceedings as Mortgagee may deem advisable (a) to prevent any impairment of
the  Mortgaged  Property by any acts which may be unlawful or any  violation  of
this  Mortgage,  (b) to  preserve  or  protect  its  interest  in the  Mortgaged
Property,  and  (c) to  restrain  the  enforcement  of or  compliance  with  any
legislation  or  other  governmental  enactment,  rule  or  order  that  may  be
unconstitutional  or otherwise invalid, if the enforcement of or compliance with
such  enactment,  rule or  order  might  impair  the  security  hereunder  or be
prejudicial to Mortgagee's  interest.  Mortgagor shall cooperate with respect to
any action taken by Mortgagee as set forth above.

                                       19
<PAGE>

      2.07 Foreclosure.

            (a) Mortgagee may institute  proceedings for the partial or complete
foreclosure of this Mortgage and Mortgagee  may,  pursuant to any final judgment
of foreclosure,  sell the Mortgaged Property as an entirety or in separate lots,
units, or parcels.

            (b) In  case  of a  foreclosure  sale  of all  or  any  part  of the
Mortgaged  Property,  the proceeds of sale shall be applied in  accordance  with
Section  2.13  hereof,  and  Mortgagee  shall be entitled  to seek a  deficiency
judgment against Mortgagor to enforce payment of any and all obligations secured
hereby then  remaining due and unpaid,  together with interest  thereon,  and to
recover a judgment against Mortgagor therefor.

            (c) Mortgagee is authorized  to foreclose  this Mortgage  subject to
the rights of any tenants of the  Mortgaged  Property,  or  Mortgagee  may elect
which tenants Mortgagee desires to name as parties defendant in such foreclosure
and failure to make any such tenants parties  defendant to any such  foreclosure
proceedings  and to  foreclose  their  rights  will not be, nor be  asserted  by
Mortgagor to be, a defense to any proceedings instituted by Mortgagee to collect
the unpaid  obligations  secured hereby or to collect any  deficiency  remaining
unpaid after the foreclosure sale of the Mortgaged Property.

      2.08 Credit of Mortgagee.  Upon any  foreclosure of all or any part of the
Mortgaged Property, Mortgagee may bid for and acquire the Mortgaged Property, or
any part thereof and, in lieu of paying cash therefor, may apply to the purchase
price any portion of or all of the unpaid  obligations  secured hereby,  in such
order as Mortgagee may elect.

      2.09 Sale. Any sale or sales made under or by virtue of this Article shall
operate to divest  all the  estate,  right,  title,  interest,  claim and demand
whatsoever  at law or in equity,  of Mortgagor and all persons,  except  tenants
pursuant  to  leases  approved  by  Mortgagee,  claiming  by,  through  or under
Mortgagor in and to the properties and rights so sold, whether sold to Mortgagee
or to others.

      2.10  Proofs  of  Claim.  In the  case  of any  receivership,  insolvency,
bankruptcy,  reorganization,   arrangement,  adjustment,  composition  or  other
judicial proceedings  affecting Mortgagor,  any endorser,  co-maker,  surety, or
guarantor  of  the  obligations  secured  hereby,  or any  of  their  respective
properties, Mortgagee, to the extent permitted by law, shall be entitled to file
such proofs of claim and other  documents  as may be  necessary  or advisable in
order to have its  claim  allowed  in such  proceedings  for the  entire  unpaid
obligations  at the date of the  institution  of such  proceedings,  and for any
additional amounts which may become due and payable after such date.

      2.11 Waiver of Redemption, Notice and Marshalling. Mortgagor hereby waives
and releases,  for itself and anyone claiming  through,  by, or under it, to the
maximum extent permitted by the laws of the State of Florida:

            (a) all  benefit  that might  accrue to  Mortgagor  by virtue of any
present or future  law  exempting  the  Mortgaged  Property,  or any part of the
proceeds  arising  from  any  sale  thereof,  from  attachment,  levy or sale on
execution,  or providing  for any  appraisement,  valuation,  stay of execution,
exemption from civil process, redemption or extension of time for payment;

                                       20
<PAGE>

            (b) all notices of default,  or Mortgagee's  actual  exercise of any
option or remedy under any loan documents, or otherwise; and

            (c) any right to have the Mortgaged Property marshalled.

      2.12 Automatic Stay. Mortgagor hereby agrees that, in consideration of the
recitals and mutual covenants  contained herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration,  the receipt and  sufficiency  of which are hereby  acknowledged,
Mortgagor does agree that in the event  Mortgagor or (if applicable) any partner
of Mortgagor shall (a) file with any bankruptcy court of competent  jurisdiction
or be the subject of any petition  under title 11 of the U.S.  Code, as amended;
(b) be the  subject  of any order for relief  issued  under such Title 11 of the
U.S.  Code, as amended;  (c) file or be the subject of any petition  seeking any
reorganization,    arrangement,    composition,    readjustment,    liquidation,
dissolution,  or similar relief under any present or future federal or state act
or law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, or other relief for debtors; (d) have
sought  or  consented  to or  acquiesced  in the  appointment  of  any  trustee,
receiver,  conservator,  or  liquidator;  or (e) be the  subject  of any  order,
judgment, or decree entered by any court of competent  jurisdiction  approving a
petition  filed  against  such  party  for  any   reorganization,   arrangement,
composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution, or similar relief under any
present  or  future  federal  or  state  act  or  law  relating  to  bankruptcy,
insolvency,  or relief for  debtors,  then and in any of such  events  Mortgagee
shall thereupon be entitled to relief from any automatic stay imposed by Section
362 of Title 11 of the U.S.  Code, as amended,  or otherwise,  on or against the
exercise of the rights and remedies otherwise available to Mortgagee as provided
in the Note, this Mortgage, and all associated loan documents,  and as otherwise
provided by law. Mortgagor hereby agrees not to object to Mortgagee  immediately
seeking  relief  from  the  automatic   stay,  to  allow  Mortgagee  to  proceed
immediately  to obtain a final  judgment of  foreclosure  of this  Mortgage,  to
complete a  foreclosure  sale and/or to proceed  against  and  realize  upon the
collateral for the indebtedness  secured hereby and to otherwise allow Mortgagee
to take all such  actions  as  Mortgagee  may  elect in its sole  discretion  in
pursuance of the other  rights and remedies  available in the event of a default
by Mortgagor under this Mortgage and all associated  loan  documents.  Mortgagor
hereby waives any protection afforded under 11 U.S.C., Section 362(a).

      2.13  Application  of  Proceeds.  The  proceeds  of any sale of all or any
portion of the Mortgaged  Property shall be applied by Mortgagee  first,  to the
payment of receiver's fees and expenses, if any, and to the payment of all costs
and expenses  (including,  without  limitation,  reasonable  attorneys  fees and
expenses)  incurred by Mortgagee,  together with interest thereon at the maximum
rate permitted  under  applicable  law from the date so incurred,  in connection
with any entry,  action or proceeding  under this Article and,  second,  in such
order as Mortgagee may elect, to the payment of the  obligations  secured hereby
until all of said obligations have been paid in full.

      2.14 Delay or Omission No Waiver.  No delay or omission of Mortgagee or of
any holder of the Note to exercise any right,  power or remedy accruing upon any
Event of Default  shall  exhaust or impair  any such  right,  power or remedy or
shall  be  construed  to waive  any  such  Event  of  Default  or to  constitute
acquiescence  therein.  Every right,  power and remedy given to Mortgagee may be
exercised  from  time  to  time  and as  often  as may be  deemed  expedient  by
Mortgagee.

                                       21
<PAGE>

      2.15 No Waiver of One Default to Affect Another. No waiver of any Event of
Default hereunder shall extend to or affect any subsequent or any other Event of
Default  then  existing,  or impair any rights,  powers or  remedies  consequent
thereon.  If Mortgagee  (a) grants  forbearance  or an extension of time for the
payment of any sums secured hereby;  (b) takes other or additional  security for
the payment  thereof;  (c) waives or does not exercise any right  granted in the
Note, this Mortgage or any other instrument  securing the Note; (d) releases any
part of the  Mortgaged  Property  from the lien of this  Mortgage  or any  other
instrument securing the Note; or (e) makes or consents to any agreement changing
the terms of this Mortgage or  subordinating  the lien or any charge hereof,  no
such act or omission  shall  release,  discharge,  modify,  change or affect the
original  liability under the Note, this Mortgage or otherwise of Mortgagor,  or
any  subsequent  purchaser of the Mortgaged  Property or any part thereof or any
maker, cosigner,  endorser,  surety or guarantor.  No such act or omission shall
preclude  Mortgagee from exercising any right, power or privilege herein granted
or  intended  to be  granted  in case of any  Event of  Default  nor,  except as
otherwise  expressly  provided  in an  instrument  or  instruments  executed  by
Mortgagee, shall the lien of this Mortgage be altered thereby.

      2.16 Sale,  Transfer  or Lease of  Mortgaged  Property.  Without the prior
written  consent of Mortgagee,  which consent shall be in  Mortgagee's  sole and
absolute  discretion,  Mortgagor  will abstain from and will not cause or permit
any sale,  exchange,  transfer or  conveyance,  directly or  indirectly,  of the
Mortgaged  Property or any part thereof or any interest therein,  voluntarily or
by operation of law (other than  foreclosure  under this  Mortgage),  whether by
sale, exchange, conveyance, merger, consolidation,  reorganization or otherwise.
Furthermore,  there  shall  be no  change  in the  operation  or  management  of
Mortgagor  or the  Mortgaged  Property  without  the prior  written  consent  of
Mortgagee,  which consent shall not be unreasonably  withheld.  Any violation of
the foregoing limitations,  at the option of Mortgagee, shall be deemed an Event
of Default hereunder.

      In the event of a permitted  sale,  or transfer  by  operation  of law, or
otherwise, of all or any part of the Mortgaged Property by Mortgagor, including,
without limitation,  any conveyances which may be permitted above,  Mortgagee is
hereby authorized and empowered to deal with any such transferee or successor in
interest with reference to the Mortgaged  Property or the  indebtedness  secured
hereby, or with reference to any of the terms or conditions hereof, as fully and
to the same extent as it might deal with the original parties hereto and without
in any way  releasing or  discharging  any of the  liabilities  or  undertakings
hereunder.  Furthermore,  any  permitted  sale or transfer  may be  conditioned,
without  limitation,  upon the payment of a transfer fee or a change in the loan
charges, interest rates and payment or repayment terms.

      2.17 Further Encumbrances.  No additional mortgage or encumbrance shall be
placed  upon the  Mortgaged  Property  without  the  prior  written  consent  of
Mortgagee,  which consent shall be in Mortgagee's sole and absolute  discretion.
Additionally,  in the event a Notice  Limiting Future Advances is filed limiting
the right of Mortgagee to effectuate  future  advances under this Mortgage,  the
filing of such notice shall be and constitute a default under this Mortgage.

                                       22
<PAGE>

      2.18 Remedies  Cumulative.  No right,  power or remedy  conferred  upon or
reserved  to  Mortgagee  by the Note,  this  Mortgage  or any  other  instrument
securing the Note is exclusive of any other right, power or remedy, but each and
every such right,  power and remedy shall be cumulative and concurrent and shall
be in addition to any other right, power and remedy given hereunder or under the
Note or any other instrument  securing the Note, or now or hereafter existing at
law, in equity or by statute.

                                  ARTICLE THREE
                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

      3.01 Heirs, Successors,  and Assigns Included in Parties.  Whenever one of
the  parties  hereto  is  named or  referred  to  herein,  the  heirs,  personal
representatives,  successors and assigns of such party shall be included and all
covenants  and  agreements  contained  in  this  Mortgage,  by or on  behalf  of
Mortgagor or Mortgagee,  shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective
heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns, whether so expressed or
not.

      3.02 Addresses for Notices.

            (a) Any notice,  report,  demand or other  instrument  authorized or
required  to be given or  furnished  under  this  Mortgage  to  Mortgagor  or to
Mortgagee  shall be  deemed  given or  furnished  when  addressed  to the  party
intended  to receive  the same,  at the  address of such party set forth in this
Section,  or at the address of the  Mortgaged  Property in the case of notice to
the  Mortgagor,  and delivered to such address or deposited in the United States
mail as first class  certified  mail,  return receipt  requested,  postage paid,
whether  or not the  same  is  actually  received  by such  party.  The  initial
addresses are as follows:



                                       23
<PAGE>

         If to Mortgagor:           AGU Entertainment Corp.
                                    3200 West Oakland Park Boulevard
                                    Lauderdale Lakes, Florida  33311
                                    Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
                                    Facsimile:

                  with a copy to:   Bruce C. Rosetto, Esq.
                                    Blank Rome LLP
                                    1200 North Federal Highway, Suite 417
                                    Boca Raton, Florida  33432
                                    Facsimile:  (561)417-8186

         If to Mortgagee:           Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                    7220 NW 36th Street, Suite 100
                                    Miami, Florida  33166
                                    Attention:  Jonathan E. Mitchell
                                    Facsimile:  (305) 591-9657

                  with a copy to:   Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                    11601 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 2400
                                    Los Angeles, California  90025
                                    Attention:  Jonathan E. Mitchell
                                    Facsimile:  (310) 473-0076

                                    Robert S. Barry, Jr., Esq.
                                    Loeb & Loeb LLP
                                    10100 Santa Monica Boulevard, Suite 2200
                                    Los Angeles, California  90067
                                    Facsimile:  (310) 282-2200

                                    Howard L. Friedberg, Esq.
                                    Katz, Barron etal
                                    2699 South Bayshore Drive, 7th Floor
                                    Miami, Florida 33133
                                    Facsimile (305) 285-9227

            (b) Each  party may change  the  address  to which any such  notice,
report,  demand or other instrument is to be delivered or mailed,  by furnishing
written  notice of such change to the other party,  but no such notice of change
shall be effective unless and until received by such other party.

            (c) Notwithstanding anything in this instrument to the contrary, all
requirements  of notice shall be deemed  inapplicable  if Mortgagee is prevented
from giving  such  notice by  bankruptcy  or any other  applicable  law. In such
event, the cure period,  if any, shall then run from the occurrence of the event
or condition of default rather than from the date of notice.

                                       24
<PAGE>

      3.03  Headings.  The headings of the articles,  sections,  paragraphs  and
subdivisions  of this Mortgage are for convenience or reference only, are not to
be considered a part hereof,  and shall not limit or expand or otherwise  affect
any of the terms hereof.

      3.04 Invalid  Provisions to Affect No Others. In the event that any of the
covenants,  agreements, terms or provisions contained in the Note, this Mortgage
or any  other  instrument  securing  the  Note  shall  be  invalid,  illegal  or
unenforceable  in  any  respect,   the  validity  of  the  remaining  covenants,
agreements,  terms or provisions  contained herein and in the Note and any other
instrument  securing  the  Note  shall  be in no  way  affected,  prejudiced  or
disturbed thereby.

      3.05  Changes.  Neither this  Mortgage nor any term hereof may be changed,
waived,  discharged or terminated orally, or by any action or inaction, but only
by an  instrument  in  writing  signed  by  the  party  against  which  or  whom
enforcement  of the change,  waiver,  discharge or  termination  is sought.  Any
agreement  hereafter  made by Mortgagor and Mortgagee  relating to this Mortgage
shall be  superior  to the  rights  of the  holder  of any  intervening  lien or
encumbrance.

      3.06  Governing  Law.  This Mortgage is to be governed by and construed in
accordance with applicable law and Mortgagor  agrees that the sole and exclusive
forum  for  the  determination  of  any  action  relating  to the  validity  and
enforceability  of this  Mortgage  shall be either an  appropriate  court of the
State of Florida or that court of the United  States which  includes  within its
territorial jurisdiction the State of Florida.

      3.07 Usury.  It is the intention of the parties  hereto to comply with the
usury laws of applicable governmental authority(ies);  accordingly, it is agreed
that,  notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Note, this Mortgage,
or any of the other documents  securing  payment  thereof or otherwise  relating
hereto,  no such provision shall require the payment or permit the collection of
interest in excess of the maximum  permitted by law. In determining  the maximum
rate allowed,  Mortgagee may take advantage of any state or federal law, rule or
regulation  in effect  from time to time which may govern  the  maximum  rate of
interest  which may be charged.  If any excess of  interest  in such  respect is
provided for, or shall be adjudicated  to be so provided for, in the Note,  this
Mortgage, or in any of the other documents securing payment thereof or otherwise
relating hereto,  then in such event: (a) the provisions of this paragraph shall
govern  and   control;   (b)   neither   Mortgagor   nor  its  heirs,   personal
representatives, successors or assigns or any other party liable for the payment
thereof,  shall be  obligated  to pay the amount of such  interest to the extent
that it is in excess of the maximum amount permitted by law; (c) any such excess
which may have been  collected  shall be either  applied as a credit against the
then unpaid principal  amount of the Note or refunded to Mortgagor;  and (d) the
effective rate of interest shall be automatically  reduced to the maximum lawful
contract rate allowed under the applicable usury laws.

      3.08 Required Notices.  In addition to any notice  requirements  contained
elsewhere in this Mortgage,  Mortgagor  shall notify  Mortgagee  promptly of the
occurrence of any of the following:

            (a) a fire  or  other  casualty  causing  damage  to  the  Mortgaged
Property or any portion thereof;

                                       25
<PAGE>

            (b) receipt of notice of condemnation  of the Mortgaged  Property or
any portion thereof;

            (c)  receipt of notice  from any  government  or  quasi-governmental
authority  relating  to the  development,  structure,  use or  occupancy  of the
Mortgaged Property or any portion thereof; or

            (d) commencement of any litigation  affecting the Mortgaged Property
or any portion thereof.

      3.09  Protective  and Future  Advances.  It is the intent hereof to secure
payment of the indebtedness  represented by the Note,  whether the entire amount
shall have been  advanced to the  Mortgagor  as of the date hereof or at a later
date,  and to  secure  any  other  amount  or  amounts  that may be added to the
mortgage indebtedness under the terms of this instrument for protective advances
or otherwise.  Further,  it is the intent  hereof to secure  payment of the Note
whether the entire  amount shall have been advanced to the Mortgagor on the date
hereof or at a later date,  and to secure any other  amount that may be added to
the mortgage  indebtedness  under the terms of this  instrument.  This  mortgage
secures  the  principal  debt as set out in the Note,  advances  received by the
Mortgagor from the Mortgagee during the term hereof, all other indebtedness that
may  hereafter be due,  owing or existing  from the  Mortgagor to the  Mortgagee
during the existence of this  mortgage,  and any renewal or renewals of the Note
or any other  note(s) for said present or future  indebtedness.  Notwithstanding
any  provision  hereof,  it is the intention to secure all future  advances,  as
defined under Chapter 697 of the Florida Statutes, made commencing with the date
hereof and  continuing  through  twenty years after date hereof,  by the lien of
this   mortgage  in  all  respects  as  though  such   advances  had  been  made
simultaneously with the execution hereof and secured hereby; provided,  however,
that all such  further  or future  advances  shall be wholly  optional  with the
Mortgagee and further provided,  however, that no such advance or advances shall
cause the  unpaid  principal  obligation  here  secured  to  exceed  200% of the
original aggregate  principal amount of the Note, except that there may be added
to such  amount  interest  thereon  and any  and all  disbursements  made by the
Mortgagee for the payment of taxes,  levies or insurance on the Property covered
by the lien of this mortgage with interest on such  disbursements at the Default
Rate,  and for  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and  court  costs  incurred  in the
collection  of any or all of such  sums of  money,  including  all such fees and
costs in connection with appellate  proceedings.  Nothing herein contained shall
be deemed an obligation on the part of Mortgagee to make any future advances.

      3.10  Modification  or Waiver.  Any indulgence or departure at any time by
Mortgagee,  its successors or assigns from any of the provisions  hereof,  or of
any  obligation  hereby  secured,  shall  not  modify  the same or waive  future
compliance  therewith  by  Mortgagor.  No  act  of  omission  or  commission  of
Mortgagee,  including,  without  limitation,  any failure to exercise any right,
remedy or recourse,  shall be deemed to be a waiver,  release or modification of
the same,  such waiver,  release or  modification  to be effected only through a
written document executed by Mortgagee and then only to the extent  specifically
recited therein.

                                       26
<PAGE>

      3.11  Mortgagor's Duty to Defend.  Mortgagor will defend,  at its own cost
and expense, and indemnify, defend and hold Mortgagee harmless from, any action,
proceeding or claim affecting the Mortgaged Property,  the indebtedness  secured
hereunder or any associated  loan document.  Costs and expenses will include all
reasonable attorneys' fees to and through all trial, appellate, supplemental and
bankruptcy proceedings. If Mortgagor neglects or refuses to act pursuant to this
paragraph,  Mortgagee,  at its option  (whether  electing  to declare the entire
indebtedness  secured hereby due and payable or not, or to pursue other remedies
for an Event of Default) may pay for all reasonable  attorneys'  fees, costs and
expenses  incurred in any such action(s).  All such payments,  bearing  interest
thereon  from the time of  payment  at the  maximum  contract  rate of  interest
permitted by law, shall be deemed a part of the indebtedness  secured  hereunder
and shall be immediately due and payable by Mortgagor to Mortgagee.

      3.12  Mortgagee's  Rights At Any Time,  With or Without  Consent.  Without
affecting  the  liability of  Mortgagor  or any other person  (except any person
expressly  released in writing) for payment of any indebtedness  secured hereby,
or for performance of any obligation contained herein, and without affecting the
rights of  Mortgagee  with respect to any  security  not  expressly  released in
writing,  Mortgagee  may,  at any time and from time to time,  either  before or
after the maturity of the Note, and without  notice or consent:  (a) release any
person liable for payment of all or any part of the secured  indebtedness or for
performance  of any  obligation;  (b) make any  agreement  extending the time of
payment of all or any part of the indebtedness  secured hereunder,  or modifying
or waiving any obligation, or subordinating, modifying or otherwise dealing with
the lien or charge hereof;  (c) exercise or refrain from exercising or waive any
right  Mortgagee may have;  (d) accept  additional  security of any kind; or (e)
release,  or otherwise  deal with any property,  real or personal,  securing the
indebtedness, including all or any part of the Mortgaged Property.

      3.13 Americans With Disabilities Act. Mortgagor covenants and agrees that,
during the term of the loan evidenced by the Note, the Mortgaged Property is and
will be in full compliance with the Americans with  Disabilities  Act ("ADA") of
November 26, 1990,  42 U.S.C.  Section  12191,  et seq., as amended from time to
time, and the  regulations  promulgated  pursuant  thereto and any other laws or
legal  requirements  regarding access and facilities for handicapped or disabled
persons.  Mortgagor  shall be solely  responsible  for all ADA and other related
compliance costs, including, without limitation,  attorneys' fees and litigation
costs, which responsibility shall survive the repayment of the loan evidenced by
the Note and foreclosure of the Mortgaged Property.

      3.14 Compliance with Law. Mortgagor warrants and represents that Mortgagor
has complied, and shall hereafter comply, with all valid laws, rules, ordinances
and regulations of the Federal, state and local government, and all agencies and
subdivisions  thereof which laws,  rules,  ordinances and  regulations  apply or
relate to the  Mortgaged  Property  and the use,  development  and  construction
thereof  and of  improvements  existing  or  contemplated  thereon  or as a part
thereof,  or the  improvements  now or  hereafter  located  thereon or on a part
thereof.

      3.15 Late  Charges.  The Note  provides  that the Note holder may charge a
late  payment as  provided  in the Note and,  therefore,  all such late  payment
charges shall also be secured by this Mortgage.

                                       27
<PAGE>

      3.16 Time of the Essence. Mortgagor agrees that where, by the terms hereof
or of the Note,  a day is named or a time  fixed for the  payment  of any sum of
money or the performance of any agreement, that time is of the essence.

      3.17  Attorneys'  Fees. As used in this Mortgage and all  associated  loan
documents,  attorneys' fees shall include,  but not be limited to, fees incurred
in all matters of collection and enforcement,  construction and  interpretation,
before,  during and after  suit,  trial,  proceedings  and  appeals,  as well as
appearances  in  and  connected  with  appellate,   supplemental  or  bankruptcy
proceedings, or creditors' reorganization or arrangement proceedings.

      3.18 Venue.  Mortgagor  agrees that Broward County,  Florida,  at the sole
option of  Mortgagee,  is the  proper  venue  for any and all legal  proceedings
arising out of this Mortgage, the Note and any associated loan documents.

      3.19  Indemnification.  In no event shall Mortgagee's  rights hereunder or
under any associated loan documents grant Mortgagee the right to or be deemed to
indicate that Mortgagee is in control of the business,  management or properties
of  Mortgagor,  or has power over the daily  management  functions and operating
decisions  made by  Mortgagor.  Mortgagee  is a  lender  only and  shall  not be
considered a shareholder,  joint venturer or partner of Mortgagor. Mortgagor and
Mortgagee intend that the relationship created under the Note, this Mortgage and
all other  associated  loan  documents  be solely  that of debtor and  creditor,
mortgagor  and  mortgagee  or borrower and lender,  as the case may be.  Nothing
herein or in any of the associated  loan documents is intended to create a joint
venture,  partnership,  tenancy in common or joint tenancy  relationship between
Mortgagor  and  Mortgagee  nor grant to Mortgagee  any interest in the Mortgaged
Property  other than that of creditor or  mortgagee,  it being the intent of the
parties hereto that Mortgagee shall have no liability  whatsoever for any losses
generated  by or  incurred  with  respect to the  Mortgaged  Property  nor shall
Mortgagee  have any control over the day to day  management  or operation of the
Mortgaged Property. The terms and provisions of this Paragraph shall control and
supersede over every other provision and all other agreements  between Mortgagor
and Mortgagee.  Mortgagor hereby agrees to indemnify,  defend and hold Mortgagee
harmless  and defend  Mortgagee  against  any loss,  liability,  cost or expense
(including,  without limitation,  reasonable  attorneys' fees and disbursements)
and all claims,  actions,  procedures  and suits arising out of or in connection
with any  construction of the relationship of Mortgagor and Mortgagee as to that
of  joint  venturers,   partners,  tenants  in  common,  joint  tenants  or  any
relationship other than that of debtor and creditor or any assertion that such a
construction should be made. The foregoing indemnity shall survive the repayment
of the Note and the satisfaction of this Mortgage and shall continue for so long
as any liability for which the indemnity is given may exist or arise.

      3.20 Mortgage and/or Intangible Tax. Mortgagor shall, at its sole cost and
expense,  protect,  defend,  indemnify,  release and hold harmless the Mortgagee
from and  against  any and all losses  imposed  upon or  incurred by or asserted
against  Mortgagee  and  directly  or  indirectly  arising  out of or in any way
relating to any tax on the making  and/or  recording of this  Mortgage  Deed and
Security Agreement or any of the other loan documents.

                                       28
<PAGE>

      3.21  Financial  Statements.  If requested by Mortgagee,  Mortgagor  shall
furnish to the Mortgagee  signed  quarterly and annual  unaudited  statements of
financial  condition and profit and loss  statements.  Such  statement  shall be
delivered  to the  Mortgagee  within  45 days  after  the  close of  Mortgagor's
quarterly  fiscal  period,  and  within 90 days  after the close of  Mortgagor's
fiscal  year.  The  financial  statements  required by this  paragraph  shall be
prepared in form and manner as are  customarily  employed  by Florida  certified
public accountants for such purpose.


                            INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK


                                       29
<PAGE>

      WAIVER  OF  TRIAL  BY  JURY.  MORTGAGOR  AND  MORTGAGEE  HEREBY  MUTUALLY,
KNOWINGLY,  WILLINGLY,  INTENTIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL
BY JURY AND NO PARTY NOR ANY ASSIGNEE,  SUCCESSOR, HEIR, OR LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE
OF THE  PARTIES  (ALL OF WHOM ARE  HEREINAFTER  COLLECTIVELY  REFERRED TO AS THE
"PARTIES") SHALL SEEK A JURY TRIAL IN ANY LAWSUIT,  PROCEEDING,  COUNTERCLAIM OR
ANY OTHER  LITIGATION  PROCEEDING  BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS MORTGAGE OR
ANY ASSOCIATED LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY INSTRUMENT EVIDENCING, SECURING OR RELATING
TO THE INDEBTEDNESS OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS SECURED HEREBY OR ANY RELATED AGREEMENT
OR INSTRUMENT,  ANY OTHER COLLATERAL FOR THE INDEBTEDNESS  SECURED HEREBY OR ANY
COURSE OF ACTION,  COURSE OF DEALING,  STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR
ACTIONS  RELATING TO THE LOAN  EVIDENCED  BY THE NOTE OR TO THIS  MORTGAGE.  THE
PARTIES ALSO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO CONSOLIDATE ANY ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS
BEEN WAIVED WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED. THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS  PARAGRAPH  HAVE BEEN FULLY  NEGOTIATED  BY THE PARTIES.  THE
WAIVER  CONTAINED  HEREIN IS  IRREVOCABLE,  CONSTITUTES  A KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY
WAIVER,  AND SHALL BE SUBJECT TO NO  EXCEPTIONS.  MORTGAGEE HAS IN NO WAY AGREED
WITH OR  REPRESENTED TO MORTGAGOR OR ANY OTHER PARTY THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS
PARAGRAPH WILL NOT BE FULLY ENFORCED IN ALL INSTANCES.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Mortgagor has executed this Mortgage as of the day and
year first above written.


Signed, sealed and delivered
in the presence of:                     AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP., a Delaware
                                        corporation
/s/ Bruce C. Rosetto
- --------------------------------
Print name: Bruce C. Rosetto            By: /s/ David Levy
           ---------------------           -------------------------------------
/s/ Innocencia Ramos                            David Levy, President
- --------------------------------

Print name: Innocencia Ramos
           ---------------------             (Corporate Seal)



                                       30

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>v010420_ex10-3.txt
<TEXT>

                                  EXHIBIT 10.3

                            MASTER SECURITY AGREEMENT


To:      Mitchell Entertainment Company
         7220 NW 36th Street, Suite 100
         Miami, Florida  33166

Date: December 20, 2004

To Whom It May Concern:

      1. To secure the payment of all Obligations (as hereafter  defined),  each
of AGU  Entertainment  Corp., a Delaware  corporation,  The Tube Music Network,
Inc., a Florida corporation, and Pyramid Records International,  Inc., a Florida
corporation  (each  an  "Assignor"),  hereby  assigns  and  grants  to  Mitchell
Entertainment   Company,   a  Delaware  limited  liability  company   ("Mitchell
Entertainment") a continuing  security interest in all of the following property
now owned or at any time hereafter  acquired by each such Assignor,  or in which
each such  Assignor now have or at any time in the future may acquire any right,
title or interest (the "Collateral"):

            (a) (i) all of the shares of capital stock of whatever class of The
Tube Music Network, Inc. and Pyramid Records  International,  Inc., now owned or
hereafter acquired by the Assignors, together with in each case the certificates
representing the same (collectively, the "Pledged Stock");

            (ii) all  shares,  securities,  moneys or  property  representing  a
dividend  on, or a  distribution  or return of capital in respect of, any of the
Pledged Stock,  resulting from a split-up,  revision,  reclassification or other
like change of any of the Pledged  Stock or  otherwise  received in exchange for
any of the  Pledged  Stock and all equity  rights  issued to the  holders of, or
otherwise in respect of, any of the Pledged Stock; and

            (iii) in the  event of any  consolidation  or  merger  in which  any
Issuer is not the surviving corporation, all shares of each class of the capital
stock of the successor  corporation  (unless such  successor  corporation  is an
Assignor)   formed  by  or   resulting   from  such   consolidation   or  merger
(collectively,  and together with the property described in clauses (i) and (ii)
above, the "Stock Collateral");

            (b) All Film  Assets and Music  Assets (as such terms are defined on
Schedule 1);

            (c) All inventories and merchandise,  including, without limitation,
work in process, finished products, goods in transit, materials used or consumed
in the manufacture or production thereof, all wrapping,  packaging,  advertising
and shipping  materials  (and all documents  relating  thereto),  all labels and
other devices,  names and marks affixed or to be affixed thereto for the purpose
of selling or identifying  the same or the seller or manufacturer  thereof,  all
supplies and  containers  relating to or used in connection  with the foregoing,
all goods in which any  Assignor has an interest in mass or an interest or right
as a  consignee  and all  goods  which are  returned  to or  repossessed  by any
Assignor,  whether used or consumed in any Assignor's business, held for sale or
otherwise,  and all bills of lading,  warehouse receipts,  documents of title or
general intangibles (including,  without limitation,  commercial tort claims and
payment  intangibles)  relating  to  any  of the  foregoing  (collectively,  the
"Inventory");

<PAGE>

            (d) All goods, equipment,  parts, machinery,  tools, tooling, molds,
dies,  motors,  furniture,  fixtures (whether or not attached to real property),
furnishings,  trade  fixtures,  (except as provided  below)  motor  vehicles and
rolling stock, materials and parts and all other tangible personal property, all
attachments,  accessions  and property  now or  hereafter  affixed to or used in
connection with any of the foregoing,  and all substitutes and  replacements for
any of the foregoing;

            (e)  All  rights  to  the   payment  of  money  or  other  forms  of
consideration,   accounts,  payment  intangibles,  notes,  accounts  receivable,
drafts,  documents,  chattel paper (including,  without  limitation,  electronic
chattel paper and tangible  chattel paper),  letter of credit rights,  choses in
action, undertakings,  surety bonds, insurance policies,  acceptances,  federal,
state and local tax refunds and all other forms of claims, demands,  instruments
and receivables,  together with all guarantees,  security agreements, leases and
rights and interests  securing the same and all right, title and interest of any
Assignor in the merchandise which gave or shall give rise thereto, including the
right of stoppage in transit,  replevin,  reclamation,  repossession  and resale
(collectively, the "Receivables");

            (f) All agreements,  contracts, leases, licenses, letters of credit,
security  agreements,  indentures  and  purchase  and  sales  orders of any kind
whatsoever,  all  rights of any  Assignor  thereunder,  including  all rights to
purchase,  lease,  sell or  otherwise  acquire  or deal  with  real or  personal
property and all  warranty  rights and  contract  rights of any nature,  whether
written or oral, and all consents or other  authorizations  relating thereto, to
the extent assignable (collectively, the "Contracts");

            (g)  All  licenses,  permits,  franchises,  certificates  and  other
governmental  authorizations  and  approvals  of any nature  whatsoever,  to the
extent assignable;

            (h) All deposit accounts,  including without limitation, all demand,
time,  savings,  passbook,  custodial,  safekeeping,  escrow  or  like  accounts
maintained by any Assignor with Mitchell  Entertainment or any bank, savings and
loan association,  credit union or like organization,  and all money, cash, cash
equivalents,  investment securities, deposits and prepayments of any Assignor in
any such deposit  account (all of the  foregoing  being deemed to be in any such
account as soon as the same is put in  transit to such  account by mail or other
courier), now or hereafter existing;

            (i) All trademarks,  trade names,  corporate names,  business names,
trade  styles,  service  marks,  logos,  other  source or business  identifiers,
proprietary  product names or descriptions,  designs and general  intangibles of
like nature,  now existing or hereafter  created or acquired,  all registrations
and recordings  thereof,  all  registrations and recordings in the United States
Patent and  Trademark  Office or in any  similar  office or agency of the United
States,  any state or  territory  thereof,  or any other  country  or  political
subdivision thereof (collectively, "Trademarks");

                                       2
<PAGE>

            (j) All  copyrights in any original work of authorship  fixed in any
tangible medium of expression,  now known or later developed,  all registrations
and applications for registration of any such copyrights in the United States or
any  other  country,   and  all  supplemental   registrations,   recordings  and
applications in the United States  Copyright  Office or in any similar office or
agency of any other country (collectively, "Copyrights");

            (k) All letters  patent of the United  States or any other  country,
all applications therefor and registrations and recordings thereof in the United
States  Patent and  Trademark  Office or in any similar  office or agency of the
United States or any state or territory thereof, or any other country, including
the patents and applications therefor (collectively "Patents");

            (l) All reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions and
continuations-in-part of any Trademarks,  Patents and/or Copyrights; all income,
royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter due and/or payable with respect
to any Trademarks,  Patents and/or Copyrights,  including,  without  limitation,
damages and payments for past or future  infringement  thereof;  all rights (but
not any  obligation)  to sue for past,  present and future  infringement  of any
Trademarks,  Patents and/or Copyrights or to bring interference proceedings with
respect thereto; and all rights corresponding to any Trademarks,  Patents and/or
Copyrights throughout the world;

            (m) All  other  proprietary  rights  and  confidential  information,
technology,  trade secrets, computer programs, source codes, software,  customer
lists,  sales literature and catalogues,  price lists,  licensee and sublicensee
information,   specifications,   telephone  numbers  and  all  applications  and
registrations  relating to any of the foregoing (the foregoing  items in clauses
(h) through (l), inclusive, collectively, the "Intellectual Property");

            (n) All stocks,  bonds,  debentures,  securities,  financial assets,
securities  entitlements,  securities accounts,  commodity contracts,  commodity
accounts,  subscription rights, options,  warrants,  puts, calls,  certificates,
partnership  interests,  joint venture  interests,  investments and/or brokerage
accounts  and all rights,  preferences,  privileges,  dividends,  distributions,
redemption payments or liquidation payments with respect thereto;

            (o) All files,  correspondence,  books and records of any  Assignor,
including  without  limitation,  books of account  and ledgers of every kind and
nature,  all  electronically  recorded  data  relating  to the  Collateral,  any
Assignor or the business thereof,  all computer programs,  tapes, discs and data
processing  software containing the same, and all receptacles and containers for
such records;

            (p) All  other  goods,  accounts,  general  intangibles  (including,
without limitation, commercial tort claims and payment intangibles),  documents,
instruments,  causes of action,  rights,  interests and properties of every kind
and description, tangible or intangible;

            (q) All rights,  remedies,  powers and/or privileges of any Assignor
with respect to any of the foregoing,  all rights in all litigation presently or
hereafter  pending  for  any  cause  or  claim  (whether  in  contract,  tort or
otherwise) and all judgments now or hereafter arising therefrom; and

                                       3
<PAGE>

            (r) All proceeds, replacements,  products, additions, accessions and
substitutions of any of the foregoing.

Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  Collateral  shall not  include the trucks
described  on Exhibit  "A"  hereto.  Except as  otherwise  defined  herein,  all
capitalized  terms used herein  shall have the meaning  provided  such terms the
Securities Purchase Agreement referred to below.

      2. The term "Obligations" as used herein shall mean and include all debts,
liabilities  and  obligations  owing by any  Assignor to Mitchell  Entertainment
arising under,  out of, or in connection  with: (i) the Note,  (ii) that certain
Securities  Purchase  Agreement  dated as of the date  hereof by and among  each
Assignor and Mitchell  Entertainment (the "Securities  Purchase  Agreement") and
(iii) the Related Agreements  referred to in the Securities  Purchase Agreement,
(the Note, the Securities Purchase Agreement and each Related Agreement, as each
may be  amended,  modified,  restated  or  supplemented  from time to time,  are
collectively  referred  to  herein  as  the  "Documents"),   or  any  documents,
instruments  or  agreements  relating  to or  executed  in  connection  with the
Documents or any  documents,  instruments  or agreements  referred to therein or
otherwise, or any other indebtedness, obligations or liabilities of the Assignor
to Mitchell Entertainment,  whether now existing or hereafter arising, direct or
indirect, liquidated or unliquidated, absolute or contingent, due or not due and
whether  under,  pursuant  to  or  evidenced  by a  note,  agreement,  guaranty,
instrument  or  otherwise,  in  each  case,  irrespective  of  the  genuineness,
validity, regularity or enforceability of such Obligations, or of any instrument
evidencing  any  of the  Obligations  or of any  collateral  therefor  or of the
existence or extent of such collateral,  and  irrespective of the  allowability,
allowance or disallowance of any or all of the Obligations in any case commenced
by or against  the  Assignor  under Title 11,  United  States  Code,  including,
without   limitation,   obligations   or   indebtedness   of  the  Assignor  for
post-petition interest,  fees, costs and charges that would have accrued or been
added to the Obligations but for the commencement of such case.

      3. Each  Assignor  hereby  represents,  warrants and covenants to Mitchell
Entertainment that:

            (a) it is a corporation,  partnership or limited liability  company,
as the case may be, validly  existing,  in good standing and organized under the
laws  of  the  jurisdiction  of  organization,  and  it  will  provide  Mitchell
Entertainment  thirty  (30)  days'  prior  written  notice of any  change in its
jurisdiction of organization;

            (b) its legal name, as set forth in its Certificate of Incorporation
(or equivalent  organizational  document) as amended through the date hereof, is
as set forth in  Section 1 hereof  and it will  provide  Mitchell  Entertainment
thirty (30) days' prior written notice of any change in its legal name;

            (c) it is the lawful owner of the Collateral,  free and clear of all
attachments,  levies, taxes, liens, security interests and encumbrances of every
kind  and  nature   ("Encumbrances"),   except  (i)  Encumbrances  securing  the
Obligations and (ii) Encumbrances set forth on Exhibit "B" hereto and it has the
sole right to grant a security  interest  therein and will defend the Collateral
against all claims and demands of all persons and entities;

                                       4
<PAGE>

            (d) it will  keep  the  Collateral  owned  by it free  and  clear of
Encumbrances,   except  (i)  Encumbrances  securing  the  Obligations  and  (ii)
Encumbrances set forth on Exhibit "B" hereto.

            (e) it will at its own cost and expense keep the  Collateral in good
state of repair  (ordinary wear and tear excepted) and will not waste or destroy
the same or any part thereof other than ordinary  course  discarding of items no
longer used or useful in its business;

            (f) it will  not  without  Mitchell  Entertainment's  prior  written
consent, sell, exchange,  lease or otherwise dispose of the Collateral,  whether
by sale,  lease or otherwise,  except in the ordinary course of business and for
the disposition or transfer in the ordinary course of business during any fiscal
year of obsolete and worn-out equipment or equipment no longer necessary for its
ongoing needs, having an aggregate fair market value of not more than $150,000
and only to the extent that:

                  (i) the proceeds of any such  disposition  are used to acquire
replacement  Collateral which is subject to Mitchell  Entertainment's  perfected
security  interest or are used to repay  Obligations or to pay general corporate
expenses; and

                  (ii)  following  the  occurrence  of an Event of Default which
continues to exist the proceeds of which are remitted to Mitchell  Entertainment
to be held as cash collateral for the Obligations;

            (g) it will insure the Collateral in Mitchell  Entertainment's  name
against loss or damage by fire, theft, burglary,  pilferage, loss in transit and
such other hazards as Mitchell  Entertainment shall specify in amounts and under
policies  by insurers  acceptable  to Mitchell  Entertainment  and all  premiums
thereon  shall be paid by the Assignor  and the  policies  delivered to Mitchell
Entertainment.  If the  Assignor  fails  to do so,  Mitchell  Entertainment  may
procure such insurance and the cost thereof shall be promptly  reimbursed by the
Assignor and shall constitute Obligations;

            (h) it will at all reasonable times allow Mitchell  Entertainment or
Mitchell  Entertainment's  representatives  free  access  to and  the  right  of
inspection of the Collateral;

            (i) it hereby indemnifies and saves Mitchell  Entertainment harmless
from all loss, costs,  damage,  liability and/or expense,  including  reasonable
attorneys'  fees  incurred  through  all levels of  proceedings,  that  Mitchell
Entertainment   may  sustain  or  incur  to  enforce  payment,   performance  or
fulfillment of any of the Obligations and/or in the enforcement of this Security
Agreement or in the  prosecution  or defense of any action or proceeding  either
against any Assignor or Mitchell Entertainment concerning any matter growing out
of or in connection with this Security Agreement,  and/or any of the Obligations
and/or  any  of  the  Collateral   except  to  the  extent  caused  by  Mitchell
Entertainment's  own gross negligence or willful  misconduct (as determined by a
court of competent jurisdiction in a final and nonappealable decision); and

                                       5
<PAGE>

            (j)  shall  comply  with  all  valid  laws,  rules,  ordinances  and
regulations  of the Federal,  state and local  government,  and all agencies and
subdivisions  thereof which laws,  rules,  ordinances and  regulations  apply or
relate to the Collateral.

      4. The  occurrence  of any of the  following  events or  conditions  shall
constitute an "Event of Default" under this Security Agreement:

            (a) any  covenant,  warranty,  representation  or statement  made or
furnished to Mitchell  Entertainment by any Assignor or on any Assignor's behalf
was false in any  material  respect  when made or  furnished,  and if subject to
cure, shall not be cured for a period of twenty (20) days;

            (b)  the  loss,  theft,  substantial  damage,  destruction,  sale or
encumbrance to or of any of the Collateral or the making of any levy, seizure or
attachment thereof or thereon except to the extent:

                  (i) such loss is covered by insurance  proceeds which are used
to replace the item or repay Mitchell Entertainment; or

                  (ii)  said  levy,   seizure  or  attachment  does  not  secure
indebtedness in excess of $100,000 and such levy,  seizure or attachment has not
been removed or otherwise  released  within ten (10) days of the creation or the
assertion thereof;

            (c) the Assignor shall become insolvent, cease operations, dissolve,
terminate  our  business  existence,  make  an  assignment  for the  benefit  of
creditors,  suffer  the  appointment  of  a  receiver,  trustee,  liquidator  or
custodian of all or any part of the Assignor's property;

            (d) any proceedings  under any bankruptcy or insolvency law shall be
commenced by or against the Assignor and if commenced against the Assignor shall
not be dismissed within thirty (30) days;

            (e) the  Assignor  shall  repudiate,  purport  to  revoke or fail to
perform any of its obligations  under the Note (after passage of applicable cure
period, if any); or

            (f) an Event of Default (or similar  occurrence) shall have occurred
under and as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement or any other Document.

      5. Each Assignor supplementally agrees as follows:

            (a)  Concurrently  with the  execution and delivery of this Security
Agreement,  each Assignor  shall (i) file such financing  statements,  copyright
mortgages, trademark security agreements, and other documents in such offices as
shall be  necessary  or as  Mitchell  Entertainment  may  request to perfect and
establish  the priority of the liens granted by this  Security  Agreement,  (ii)
deliver and pledge to Mitchell  Entertainment any and all instruments,  endorsed
or accompanied  by such  instruments of assignment and transfer in such form and
substance  as Mitchell  Entertainment  may  request,  (iii)  deliver to Mitchell
Entertainment all certificates with respect to the Pledged Stock, accompanied by
undated  stock powers duly executed in blank,  , (iv) obtain  letter  agreements
between Mitchell Entertainment and the issuer of uncertificated  securities with
respect to uncertificated  securities held in the name of any Assignor,  and (v)
take all such other  actions as shall be necessary or as Mitchell  Entertainment
may request to perfect the liens granted by this Security Agreement.

                                       6
<PAGE>

            (b) With  respect to each  Copyright  in which any  Assignor  has an
ownership interest,  neither Assignor nor any of its licensees shall (i) fail to
place  an  appropriate   notice  of  copyright  on  any  copies  embodying  such
copyrighted  works which are publicly  distributed or (ii) fail to do any act or
knowingly  omit to do any act whereby the  Copyright may become  invalidated  or
dedicated to the public domain.

            (c) If any Assignor creates or obtains an ownership  interest in any
Copyright  or obtains  any rights to any  Trademark  (or any other  Intellectual
Property) after the date hereof, the provisions of this Security Agreement shall
automatically  apply thereto and any Assignor shall take such action as Mitchell
Entertainment  may request to more fully evidence the same.  Each Assignor shall
promptly  notify Mitchell  Entertainment  in writing of (i) any new Trademark or
Copyright  application  or  registration  in which any Assignor has an ownership
interest and (ii) any new  copyrighted  work in which any Assignor  acquires any
ownership  interest,  which notice shall include the title and author(s) of such
copyrighted work.

            (d) Each  Assignor  shall (i) promptly (but in any event within five
days  after  becoming  aware  thereof)  notify  Mitchell  Entertainment  of  the
institution  of, or any adverse  determination  in, any  proceeding  in the U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office,  U.S. Copyright Office or in any federal,  state or
foreign court or agency  regarding  any  Assignor's  claim of ownership,  or the
enforceability or validity of any Intellectual  Property,  or of any other event
that does or could  reasonably be expected to adversely  affect the value of any
of the  Trademarks  or  Copyrights,  the  ability of any  Assignor  or  Mitchell
Entertainment  to  dispose  of any of the same or the  rights  and  remedies  of
Mitchell  Entertainment  in relation  thereto;  (ii)  promptly  notify  Mitchell
Entertainment of any suspected  infringement of any Intellectual Property by any
third party that does or could  reasonably  be expected to adversely  affect the
value of any Intellectual Property or Collateral, the ability of any Assignor or
Mitchell  Entertainment to dispose of any of the same or the rights and remedies
of  Mitchell  Entertainment  in relation  thereto,  or of any claim by any third
party; (iii) concurrently with the filing of any application for registration of
any  Trademark,  execute,  deliver and record in all  appropriate  registers and
offices,  an  appropriate  form of a  collateral  security  agreement  (in  form
approved by Mitchell Entertainment) evidencing the security interest of Mitchell
Entertainment  therein; (iv) concurrently with the filing of any application for
registration  of any Copyright,  execute,  deliver and record in all appropriate
registers and offices,  a Mortgage of Copyright and Security  agreement (in form
approved  by  Mitchell  Entertainment),  evidencing  the  security  interest  of
Mitchell  Entertainment  therein;  and (v) diligently keep accurate and complete
records with respect to the Trademarks and Copyrights.

            (e) Each Assignor shall, as appropriate and commercially reasonable,
(i) make and diligently prosecute federal applications on any existing or future
registrable but unregistered  Intellectual  Property owned by it, (ii) preserve,
maintain and renew all of the  Intellectual  Property  and rights and  interests
related  thereto,  including,  without  limitation,  by  payment  of all  taxes,
annuities,  issue and  maintenance  fees and by the use of all proper  statutory
notices and designations and (iii) initiate and diligently  prosecute in its own
name,  for its own benefit and at its own expense,  such suits,  proceedings  or
other actions for  infringement,  or other damage or  opposition,  cancellation,
concurrent  use or  interference  proceedings  as are  necessary  to protect its
interests in the Intellectual Property.

                                       7
<PAGE>

            (f) Without  limiting the generality of the other provisions of this
Security  Agreement and in addition to all other rights and remedies of Mitchell
Entertainment hereunder,  each Assignor further agrees that, upon the occurrence
and during the continuance of any Event of Default,  Mitchell  Entertainment may
take any or all of the  following  actions:  (i) take  and use  and/or  sell any
Assignor's interest in the Intellectual Property (or any portion thereof),  (ii)
bring suit to enforce any Intellectual  Property and/or any licenses  thereunder
or other rights with respect thereto,  (iii) direct any Assignor to refrain,  in
which event any Assignor shall refrain, from using the Intellectual Property (or
any portion thereof) in any manner  whatsoever,  directly or indirectly and (iv)
direct any Assignor to execute, in which event any Assignor shall execute,  such
other and further  documents that Mitchell  Entertainment may request to further
confirm the provisions hereof. Upon the request of Mitchell Entertainment,  each
Assignor  also shall make  available  to Mitchell  Entertainment,  to the extent
within  any  Assignor's  power  and  authority,  such  individuals  then in such
Assignor's  employ to assist in the  production,  advertisement  and sale of the
products and services sold under the Intellectual Property,  such individuals to
be   available  to  perform   their  prior   functions  on  behalf  of  Mitchell
Entertainment and to be compensated at the expense of any Assignor.

            (g) For the purpose of enabling  Mitchell  Entertainment to exercise
its rights and remedies hereunder at such time as Mitchell  Entertainment  shall
be  lawfully  entitled  to do  so,  each  Assignor  hereby  grants  to  Mitchell
Entertainment  an  irrevocable,  non-exclusive  license (but not an assignment),
exercisable  without  payment of royalty or other  compensation to any Assignor,
(i) to use, assign,  license or sublicense any Assignor's interest in any of the
Intellectual  Property  now  owned or  hereafter  created  or  acquired  by such
Assignor  and  wherever  the same may be located  and (ii) to have access to all
media in which any of the items so  licensed  may be  recorded or stored and all
computer  equipment,  software and programs used for the compilation or printout
thereof.

      6. Each Assignor supplementally agrees as follows respecting Receivables:

            (a) Mitchell Entertainment hereby authorizes any Assignor to collect
any  Receivables  in which  Mitchell  Entertainment  has been granted a security
interest  hereunder,  and each Assignor agrees to use its best efforts to effect
the prompt collection thereof.  Mitchell Entertainment hereby further authorizes
any Assignor to use the proceeds of any such  collections  in the conduct of its
business in the ordinary  course.  Each Assignor  agrees that  immediately  upon
Mitchell  Entertainment's  request following the occurrence of a potential Event
of Default (as determined by Mitchell  Entertainment),  each Assignor  shall, at
its sole  expense,  establish and maintain (i) an United States Post Office lock
box (the "Lock  Box"),  to which  Mitchell  Entertainment  shall have  exclusive
access. Each Assignor authorizes Mitchell  Entertainment,  from time to time, to
remove the contents of the Lock Box therefrom for disposition in accordance with
this Security Agreement.  Each Assignor agrees to notify all account debtors and
other  parties  obligated to any Assignor that all payments made to any Assignor
(other than payments by electronic  funds transfer)  shall be remitted,  for the
credit of each Assignor, to the Lock Box, and each Assignor shall include a like
statement of all invoices.  Each Assignor shall

                                       8
<PAGE>

also, at the request of Mitchell Entertainment at any time or from time to time,
execute and deliver to Mitchell  Entertainment an assignment or assignments,  in
form  satisfactory  to Mitchell  Entertainment,  of all of any  Assignor's  then
existing  Receivables and the proceeds thereof. If notwithstanding the giving of
any  notice,  any  account  debtor or other  obligor  shall make  payment to any
Assignor,  such  Assignor  shall hold all such  payments  in trust for  Mitchell
Entertainment  without commingling the same with other funds of any Assignor and
shall deliver the same to Mitchell  Entertainment or any such agent or designee,
immediately  upon  receipt  by any  Assignor  in the  identical  form  received,
together with any necessary endorsements.

            (b) If any Event of Default shall have  occurred and be  continuing,
with or without  notice to any Assignor and without  affecting  the liability of
any Assignor hereunder, any Receivables in which Mitchell Entertainment has been
granted a security  interest  hereunder  may be altered or  modified by Mitchell
Entertainment  in any respect,  and Mitchell  Entertainment  may: (i) settle and
adjust all disputes and claims  directly with the account debtor with respect to
any such Receivables,  (ii) alter, accelerate, extend or change the time, manner
and/or amount of any payments made or to be made by the account debtor under any
such  Receivable,  (iii) consent from time to time to the acceptance of security
or  additional  or  substituted  security of any kind for any  obligation of the
account  debtor  under  any such  Receivable  or to the  release,  surrender  or
alteration  of any such  security,  and (iv) deal as  aforesaid  or in any other
manner with the account debtor of any such Receivable.  Nothing herein contained
shall be construed as requiring or obligating Mitchell Entertainment or any such
agent or designee to make any demand, or to make any inquiry as to the nature or
sufficiency  of any  payment  received  by it or to present or file any claim or
notice or take any action with respect to any Collateral or the monies due or to
become due  thereunder  or to take any steps  necessary  to preserve  any rights
against prior parties.  Neither Mitchell Entertainment nor the agent or designee
of  Mitchell  Entertainment  shall have any  liability  to any  Assignor  on the
Collateral  for actions taken in good faith pursuant to this Section and without
gross negligence.

      7. As respects Stock Collateral:

            (a) So long as no  Event  of  Default  shall  have  occurred  and be
continuing,  the  Assignors  shall  have  the  right  to  exercise  all  voting,
consensual and other powers of ownership  pertaining to the Stock Collateral for
all purposes not  inconsistent  with the terms of any Basic  Document,  provided
that the  Assignors  agree that they will not vote the Stock  Collateral  in any
manner that is inconsistent with the terms of the Purchase  Agreement,  the Note
or any Related Agreement.

            (b) So long as no  Event  of  Default  shall  have  occurred  and be
continuing,  the Assignors shall be entitled to receive and retain any dividends
on the Stock Collateral paid in cash.

            (c) If any Event of Default shall have  occurred and be  continuing,
and whether or not  Mitchell  Entertainment  exercises  any  available  right to
declare any  Obligation  due and  payable or seeks or pursues  any other  right,
remedy, power or privilege available to it under applicable law or this Security
Agreement,  all dividends and other  distributions on the Stock Collateral shall
be paid directly to Mitchell Entertainment and shall be deemed part of the Stock
Collateral,  subject to the terms of this Security  Agreement,  and, if Mitchell
Entertainment  shall so  request,  the  Assignors  shall  execute and deliver to
Mitchell Entertainment  appropriate additional dividend,  distribution and other
orders and  instruments  to that end,  provided that if such Event of Default is
cured, any such dividend or distribution paid to Mitchell Entertainment prior to
such cure shall,  upon request of the Assignors (except to the extent applied to
the Obligations), be returned by Mitchell Entertainment to the Assignors.

                                       9
<PAGE>

      8. If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing:

            (a)  Mitchell  Entertainment  may (i) open any  Assignor's  mail and
collect any and all amounts due to any Assignor from other persons,  (ii) notify
any account  debtor  obligated  on any of the  Receivables  or any  purchaser of
Collateral  or any other  person of  Mitchell  Entertainment's  interest  in the
Collateral  and instruct any such persons to make payments  thereon  directly to
Mitchell  Entertainment  and  (iii)  notify  postal  authorities  that  all mail
addressed to any Assignor is to be delivered to Mitchell Entertainment.

            (b) Mitchell  Entertainment may grant extensions,  compromise claims
and settle  Collateral for less than face value, all without prior notice to any
Assignor.

            (c) Mitchell  Entertainment  shall have the right,  on behalf of any
Assignor,  (i) to enter into, or renegotiate,  any lease, license, sale or other
agreements  relating to any  Collateral in which any Assignor has an interest as
Mitchell  Entertainment  deems appropriate;  (ii) to require,  demand,  collect,
receive, settle, adjust and compromise and to give acquittances and receipts for
the payment of any and all monies payable pursuant to all agreements relating to
any item of Collateral  to which any Assignor may be a party;  (iii) to file any
claims  and/or  proofs of claim and to  commence,  maintain or  discontinue  any
actions, suits or other proceedings deemed by Mitchell  Entertainment  advisable
for the purpose of collecting or enforcing  payment of any such monies;  (iv) to
receive or endorse any checks,  drafts or other  orders or  instruments  for the
payment of monies  payable to any  Assignor  which shall be issued in respect of
such money;  (v) to execute any and all  instruments,  agreements  or  documents
which may be necessary or desirable under the  circumstances;  and (vi) to apply
all receipts so derived as herein  provided.  Mitchell  Entertainment,  however,
shall not be  obligated  to make any  demand or  present or file any claim or to
take any action authorized hereby.  Each Assignor shall gather up and deliver to
Mitchell Entertainment, and shall use its best efforts to cause third parties to
gather up and deliver to Mitchell Entertainment,  all materials, books, records,
documents  and  things  of  any  nature  (including,   without  limitation,  the
Collateral)  required by Mitchell  Entertainment  in the  exercise of its rights
hereunder upon Mitchell Entertainment's request. Each Assignor shall thereafter,
unless requested to do otherwise by Mitchell Entertainment,  continue to perform
its  respective  obligations in accordance  with all agreements  relating to any
Collateral to which it is a party.  If any agreement  relating to any Collateral
provides for fees to be paid to any Assignor for services  rendered  thereunder,
any  Assignor  shall  cause all such fees to be  remitted  directly  to Mitchell
Entertainment.

            (d)   Mitchell   Entertainment   may  exercise  in  respect  of  the
Collateral,  in addition to other  rights and  remedies  provided  for herein or
otherwise  available to it, all the rights and remedies of a secured party under
the Uniform  Commercial Code of the State of Florida (the "Code"),  and Mitchell
Entertainment  may also  without  notice  except  as  specified  below  sell the
Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale,

                                       10
<PAGE>

for cash,  on credit  or for  future  delivery,  and upon  such  other  terms as
Mitchell Entertainment in its sole and absolute discretion may deem commercially
reasonable.  Any  Assignor  agrees that,  to the extent  notice of sale shall be
required by law, at least ten (10) days'  notice to any Assignor of the time and
place of any public sale or the time after which any private  sale is to be made
shall constitute reasonable  notification.  Mitchell  Entertainment shall not be
obligated  to make any sale of  Collateral  regardless  of notice of sale having
been given.  Mitchell  Entertainment may adjourn any public or private sale from
time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale
may,  without further  notice,  be made at the time and place to which it was so
adjourned.  Any Assignor hereby waives any claims against Mitchell Entertainment
arising  by reason of the fact that the price at which any  Collateral  may have
been sold at such a private  sale was less than the price  which might have been
obtained  at a public  sale,  even if Mitchell  Entertainment  accepts the first
offer received and does not offer such Collateral to more than one offeree,  and
in all events such sale shall be deemed to be  commercially  reasonable.  At any
such public or private sale, Mitchell  Entertainment may be the purchaser of the
Collateral.

            (e) Any cash held by Mitchell  Entertainment  as Collateral  and all
cash  proceeds  received  by Mitchell  Entertainment  in respect of any sale of,
collection  from, or other  realization  upon all or any part of the  Collateral
may,  in  the  discretion  of  Mitchell  Entertainment,   be  held  by  Mitchell
Entertainment  as Collateral for, and/or then or at any time thereafter  applied
in whole or in part by  Mitchell  Entertainment  against  all or any part of the
Obligations  in such order as Mitchell  Entertainment  shall  elect.  After such
application  and after  payment by Mitchell  Entertainment  of any other  amount
required  by law,  any  surplus of such cash or cash  proceeds  held by Mitchell
Entertainment  and remaining after payment in full of all the Obligations  shall
be paid over to any  Assignor  or to  whomsoever  may be  lawfully  entitled  to
receive such  surplus.  In a like manner,  each  Assignor  shall pay to Mitchell
Entertainment, without demand, whatever amount of the Obligations remains unpaid
after  the  Collateral  has been sold and the  proceeds  applied  as  aforesaid,
together  with  interest  thereon  from the date of demand at the  highest  rate
permitted  under  applicable law, which interest shall also constitute a part of
the Obligations.  Without limiting the foregoing,  any Assignor hereby expressly
waives any obligations  Mitchell  Entertainment may have regarding the foregoing
under Section 9207(c) of the Code.

            (f) Mitchell  Entertainment  shall not be obligated to resort to its
rights or remedies with respect to any other security for or guaranty or payment
of the  Obligations  before  resorting  to its rights and  remedies  against any
Assignor  or the  Collateral  hereunder.  All rights and  remedies  of  Mitchell
Entertainment shall be cumulative and not in the alternative.

      9. If the Assignor  defaults in the  performance  or fulfillment of any of
the terms,  conditions,  promises,  covenants,  provisions  or warranties on any
Assignor's  part to be performed or fulfilled under or pursuant to this Security
Agreement,  Mitchell  Entertainment may, at its option without waiving its right
to enforce this Security Agreement according to its terms, immediately or at any
time thereafter and without notice to the Assignor,  perform or fulfill the same
or cause the  performance or fulfillment of the same for the Assignor's  account
and at the  Assignor's  cost  and  expense,  and the cost  and  expense  thereof
(including   reasonable   attorneys'   fees  incurred   through  all  levels  of
proceedings)  shall be added to the  Obligations  and shall be payable on demand
with interest thereon at the highest rate permitted by law.

                                       11
<PAGE>

      10. Each Assignor hereby appoints Mitchell Entertainment,  any of Mitchell
Entertainment's officers,  employees or any other person or entity whom Mitchell
Entertainment  may  designate  as our  attorney,  with  power  to  execute  such
documents in our behalf and to supply any omitted information and correct patent
errors in any  documents  executed by such  Assignor  or on our behalf;  to file
financing  statements  against the Assignor  covering the  Collateral  (and,  in
connection  with the  filing  of any such  financing  statements,  describe  the
Collateral  as "all assets and all personal  property,  whether now owned and/or
hereafter acquired" (or any substantially  similar variation thereof));  to sign
such  Assignor's  name on public  records;  and to do all other things  Mitchell
Entertainment  deems  necessary  to carry  out  this  Security  Agreement.  Each
Assignor  hereby  ratifies  and  approve  all acts of the  attorney  and neither
Mitchell  Entertainment  nor  the  attorney  will  be  liable  for  any  acts of
commission or omission,  nor for any error of judgment or mistake of fact or law
other than their gross  negligence  or willful  misconduct  (as  determined by a
court of competent  jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable  decision).  This
power being coupled with an interest,  is irrevocable so long as any Obligations
remains unpaid.

      11. No delay or failure on Mitchell Entertainment's part in exercising any
right, privilege or option hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such or of any
other right, privilege,  remedy or option, and no waiver whatever shall be valid
unless in writing,  signed by Mitchell Entertainment and then only to the extent
therein set forth, and no waiver by Mitchell  Entertainment of any default shall
operate  as a waiver of any other  default  or of the same  default  on a future
occasion.  Mitchell  Entertainment's  books and records  containing entries with
respect to the  Obligations  shall be  admissible  in  evidence in any action or
proceeding,  shall be binding upon the Assignor for the purpose of  establishing
the items  therein set forth and shall  constitute  prima  facie proof  thereof.
Mitchell  Entertainment  shall have the right to enforce  any one or more of the
remedies  available  to Mitchell  Entertainment,  successively,  alternately  or
concurrently.  Each  Assignor  agrees to join  with  Mitchell  Entertainment  in
executing  financing  statements or other  instruments to the extent required by
the Code in form  satisfactory to Mitchell  Entertainment  and in executing such
other  documents  or  instruments  as may be  required  or deemed  necessary  by
Mitchell   Entertainment  for  purposes  of  affecting  or  continuing  Mitchell
Entertainment's security interest in the Collateral.

      12.  This  Security  Agreement  shall  be  governed  by and  construed  in
accordance  with the laws of the  State of  Florida  and  cannot  be  terminated
orally. All of the rights, remedies,  options, privileges and elections given to
Mitchell  Entertainment  hereunder  shall  inure  to  the  benefit  of  Mitchell
Entertainment's  successors and assigns.  The term "Mitchell  Entertainment"  as
herein  used  shall  include  Mitchell  Entertainment,  any  parent of  Mitchell
Entertainment,   any  of   Mitchell   Entertainment's   subsidiaries   and   any
co-subsidiaries  of Mitchell  Entertainment's  parent,  whether now  existing or
hereafter  created  or  acquired,  and all of the terms,  conditions,  promises,
covenants,  provisions and warranties of this Security  Agreement shall inure to
the  benefit  of each of the  foregoing  and  shall  bind  the  representatives,
successors  and  assigns  of any  Assignor  and each of the  foregoing.  Each of
Mitchell  Entertainment  and the Assignor hereby (a) submit to the  nonexclusive
jurisdiction  of any Florida  court  sitting in the County of  Broward,  and (b)
waive any objection such Assignor or Mitchell  Entertainment  may have as to the
bringing or maintaining of such action with any such court.

                                       12
<PAGE>

      13. All notices  from  Mitchell  Entertainment  to any  Assignor  shall be
sufficiently  given if mailed or  delivered  to the  Assignor at its address set
forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

      14.  Assignor  hereby waives and releases,  for itself and anyone claiming
through,  by, or under it, to the maximum  extent  permitted  by the laws of the
State of Florida: (a) all benefit that might accrue to Assignor by virtue of any
present or future law  exempting  the  Collateral,  or any part of the  proceeds
arising from any sale thereof,  from attachment,  levy or sale on execution,  or
providing for any  appraisement,  valuation,  stay of execution,  exemption from
civil process,  redemption or extension of time for payment;  (b) all notices of
default,  or Mitchell  Entertainment's  actual  exercise of any option or remedy
under any  Documents,  or  otherwise;  and (c) any right to have the  Collateral
marshalled.

                                       13
<PAGE>

      15. EACH ASSIGNOR AND MITCHELL  ENTERTAINMENT HEREBY MUTUALLY,  KNOWINGLY,
WILLINGLY,  INTENTIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND
NO PARTY NOR ANY  ASSIGNEE,  SUCCESSOR,  HEIR,  OR LEGAL  REPRESENTATIVE  OF THE
PARTIES (ALL OF WHOM ARE HEREINAFTER  COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS THE "PARTIES")
SHALL SEEK A JURY TRIAL IN ANY LAWSUIT,  PROCEEDING,  COUNTERCLAIM  OR ANY OTHER
LITIGATION  PROCEEDING  BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS SECURITY  AGREEMENT OR
ANY  DOCUMENTS  OR  ANY  INSTRUMENT  EVIDENCING,  SECURING  OR  RELATING  TO THE
INDEBTEDNESS  OR OTHER  OBLIGATIONS  SECURED HEREBY OR ANY RELATED  AGREEMENT OR
INSTRUMENT,  ANY OTHER  COLLATERAL  FOR THE  INDEBTEDNESS  OR OTHER  OBLIGATIONS
SECURED HEREBY OR ANY COURSE OF ACTION,  COURSE OF DEALING,  STATEMENTS (WHETHER
VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS  RELATING TO THE NOTE OR THIS SECURITY  AGREEMENT.
THE PARTIES ALSO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO CONSOLIDATE ANY ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL
HAS BEEN WAIVED WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED.
THE  PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION HAVE BEEN FULLY  NEGOTIATED BY THE PARTIES.  THE
WAIVER  CONTAINED  HEREIN IS  IRREVOCABLE,  CONSTITUTES  A KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY
WAIVER, AND SHALL BE SUBJECT TO NO EXCEPTIONS.



                           Very truly yours,

                           AGU Entertainment Corp., a Delaware corporation

                           By: /s/ David C. Levy
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                David C. Levy, President and Secretary







                           The Tube Music Network, Inc., a Florida corporation

                           By:  /s/ David C. Levy
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                David C. Levy, President and Secretary

                           Pyramid Records International, Inc.,
                           a Florida corporation

                           By:  /s/ David C. Levy
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                David C. Levy, President and Secretary



                                       14
<PAGE>

ACKNOWLEDGED:


MITCHELL ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY
a Delaware limited liability company


By:  /s/ Johnathan E. Mitchell
   -----------------------------------------
     Jonathan E. Mitchell, Manager


                                       15
<PAGE>

                                   Schedule 1

                 DEFINITION OF "FILM ASSETS"; "MUSIC ASSETS" AND
                           OTHER ANCILLARY DEFINITIONS


      A. Film Assets.

      "Film  Assets"  shall mean,  with respect to each  feature or  non-feature
motion picture, television series or episode thereof, other audio-visual work of
any nature or  development  project in which any  Assignor  now has or hereafter
acquires any interest  including,  without  limitation,  the  following  feature
motion pictures and television series [FILL IN] (all of the foregoing are herein
referred  to as the  "Films"  and  individually  as a  "Film"),  all  rights and
interests therein or pertaining thereto,  and all properties and things of value
pertaining thereto,  and all products and proceeds thereof,  including,  without
limitation,  all rights  and  interests  of every  kind and  nature of  whatever
description,  present  and  future,  direct and  indirect,  whether now owned or
hereafter acquired (including,  without limitation, any rights or interests that
revert), throughout the universe in perpetuity, whether now or hereafter created
or devised, and by all means, whether now known or hereafter created or devised,
including but not limited to all rights and interests in and to the following:

            (a)  All  rights  of  every  kind  and  nature  (including,  without
limitation,  copyrights)  in and to any  literary,  musical,  dramatic  or other
literary  material of any kind or nature upon  which,  in whole or in part,  the
Film is or may be based,  or from which it is or may be adapted or  inspired  or
which  may be or has been  used or  included  in the  Film,  including,  without
limitation,  the  screenplay  and all  other  scripts,  scenarios,  screenplays,
bibles,  stories,   treatments,   novels,  outlines,  books,  titles,  concepts,
manuscripts or other properties or materials of any kind or nature,  in whatever
state of completion and all drafts,  versions and variations thereof (all of the
foregoing herein collectively referred to as the "Literary Property");

            (b) All physical  properties  of every kind or nature of or relating
to the Film and all versions  thereof and all teasers,  trailers,  music videos,
featurettes,  television  spots and  "making  of  Films",  to the  extent now or
hereafter in existence,  including, without limitation,  exposed film, developed
film, positives,  negatives,  prints, answer prints, special effects,  pre-print
materials   (including   interpositives,    negatives,    duplicate   negatives,
internegatives,  color reversals,  intermediates,  lavenders,  fine grain master
prints and matrices, title overlays, textless backgrounds and all other forms of
pre-print  elements  which may be necessary or useful to produce prints or other
copies  or  additional  pre-print  elements,  whether  now  known  or  hereafter
devised), soundtracks,  recordings, audio and video tapes and discs of all types
and gauges,  cutouts,  trims and any and all other physical  properties of every
kind and nature  relating to the Film in whatever state of  completion,  and all
duplicates,  drafts, versions, variations and copies of each thereof (all of the
foregoing herein collectively referred to as the "Physical Property");

            (c) All rights of every kind or nature,  present and future,  in and
to all  agreements,  Contracts,  contract  rights,  credits,  letters of credit,
security agreements, leases, licenses, indentures, commitments, subscription and
customer  agreements,  purchase and sale orders,  warranty  rights and all other
agreements and rights under  Contracts of any nature,  whether  written or oral,
and all  consents  or other  authorization  relating  thereto,  relating  to the
production, sale, distribution,  marketing, licensing, exhibition, reproduction,
publication,  ownership,  exploitation or other uses or disposition of the Film,
including, without limitation:

                                       16
<PAGE>

                  (i)  consent  agreements,  control  agreements,  sales  agency
agreements, financing arrangements, acquisition agreements, copyright mortgages,
collective bargaining agreements, and performance bonds;

                  (ii) agreements relating to the licensing, granting or selling
rights  to  distribute,   broadcast,   exhibit  or  otherwise  relating  to  the
exploitation of the Film or rights therein;

                  (iii) rights relating to merchandising,  publishing, music and
phonorecords derived from or connected with the Film; and

                  (iv) the proceeds of, and all  accounts,  accounts  receivable
and contract  rights (as such terms are defined in the Code) with respect to all
of said agreements.

            (d) All rent, revenues, income, compensation,  products,  increases,
proceeds,  rights  to the  payment  of money or  other  forms of  consideration,
accounts, payment intangibles,  notes, accounts receivable,  general intangibles
(including, without limitation, commercial tort claims and payment intangibles),
contract  rights,  chattel  paper  (including,  without  limitation,  electronic
chattel paper and tangible  chattel paper),  letter of credit rights,  choses in
action,  undertakings,  surety bonds, acceptances,  investment property, drafts,
documents,  instruments  and  goods,  including  Inventory  (as those  terms are
defined  in the  applicable  Code,  and all  other  forms  of  claims,  demands,
instruments and receivables, whether for goods or other property sold, leased or
licensed, services performed or to be performed, or otherwise, together with all
guarantees, security agreements, leases and rights and interests guaranteeing or
securing the same (including, without limitation, all tax refunds, all refund of
fees,  advances  or  royalties  paid or prepaid  and  profits or other  property
obtained or to be obtained), from the production, sale, distribution, marketing,
licensing, exhibition,  reproduction,  publication,  ownership,  exploitation or
other uses or disposition  of the Film and the Literary  Property (or any rights
therein or part thereof,  including  any and all  merchandising  and  publishing
rights  therein  and  thereto),  in any and all media,  and any and all  amounts
recovered  as  damages  by reason of unfair  competition,  the  infringement  of
copyright,  breach of any  contract or  infringement  of any rights,  or derived
therefrom in any manner whatsoever;

            (e) All rights in and to all  copyrights and renewals and extensions
of  copyrights,  domestic and foreign,  heretofore or hereafter  obtained in the
Film or the Literary  Property or any part  thereof,  and the right (but not the
obligation)  to make  publication  thereof for copyright  purposes,  to register
claims  under  copyright,  and the right (but not the  obligation)  to renew and
extend such  copyrights,  and the right (but not the  obligation)  to sue in the
name(s)  of  Grantor or  Secured  Party (or both) for past,  present  and future
infringements of copyright and to receive all damages,  judgments  recoveries or
proceeds therefrom;

            (f) All trademarks,  trade names,  corporate names,  business names,
trade  styles,  service  marks,  logos,  other  source or business  identifiers,
proprietary product names or descriptions, prints and labels on which any of the
foregoing  have  appeared or appear,  designs and  general  intangibles  of like
nature,  now existing or hereafter created or acquired,  relating to the Film or
the  exploitation   thereof  all  registrations  and  recordings  thereof,   all
registrations and recordings in the United States Patent and Trademark Office or
in any similar  office or agency of the United  States,  any state or  territory
thereof, or any other country or political subdivision thereof,  relating to the
Film or the exploitation  thereof and the accompanying  good will and other like
business  property  rights,  and the right (but not the  obligation) to register
claims under  trademark  and to renew and extend such  trademarks  and the right
(but not the  obligation)  to sue in the name(s) of Grantor or Secured Party (or
both) for past, present or future infringement of trademark;

                                       17
<PAGE>

            (g) All rights in and to the title of the Film and the exclusive use
thereof including (without  limitation) any and all rights protected pursuant to
trademark,  service  mark,  unfair  competition  and/or  other  laws,  rules  or
principles  of law or equity,  and, to the extent now or hereafter in existence,
all other licenses and other intellectual  property rights, and all renewals and
extensions  thereof,  domestic  and foreign,  relating to the Film,  whether now
owned or  hereafter  acquired,  and the  accompanying  good will and other  like
business  property  rights,  and the right (but not the  obligation) to register
claims  under any  intellectual  property  rights and to renew and  extend  such
intellectual  property  rights and the right (but not the  obligation) to sue in
the  name(s) of Grantor or Secured  Party (or both) for past,  present or future
infringement of any intellectual property rights;

            (h)  All  rights  to  perform,  copy,  record,  re-record,  produce,
publish, reproduce and/or synchronize any or all music, musical compositions and
master  recordings  created for,  used in or to be used in  connection  with the
Film,  and all other  rights of every  kind and  nature in and to any and all of
said music,  musical  compositions and master recordings created for, used in or
to be used in  connection  with the Film,  including,  without  limitation,  all
copyrights  therein as well as all other rights to exploit such music  including
recording, soundtrack recording and music publishing rights;

            (i) All  collateral,  allied,  ancillary and subsidiary  rights,  of
every kind and nature,  without  limitation,  derived  from,  appurtenant  to or
related to the Film or the Literary Property, including, without limitation, all
production,  exploitation,  reissue,  remake, sequel,  prequel, serial or series
production  rights by use of film, tape or any other recording devices now known
or hereafter devised,  whether based upon, derived from or inspired by the Film,
the  Literary  Property  or any part  thereof;  all rights to use,  exploit  and
license  others to use or exploit any and all music,  novelization,  publishing,
commercial tie-ups and merchandising rights of every kind and nature, including,
without limitation,  all music, novelization,  publishing,  merchandising rights
and commercial  tie-ups arising out of or connected with or inspired by the Film
or the  Literary  Property,  the title or titles  of the  Film,  the  characters
appearing   in  the  Film  or  the  Literary   Property   and/or  the  names  or
characteristics of said characters,  and including further,  without limitation,
any and all commercial  exploitation  in connection with or related to the Film,
all remakes,  sequels,  prequels or other  adaptations  and/or  derivative works
thereof and/or said Literary Property;

            (j) All  insurance and  insurance  policies  heretofore or hereafter
obtained in connection with the Film or the insurable  properties thereof and/or
any  person or  persons  engaged  in the  development,  production,  completion,
delivery or exploitation of the Film, and the proceeds of all of the foregoing;

                                       18
<PAGE>

            (k) All rights to develop,  produce,  acquire,  reacquire,  finance,
release, sell, distribute,  subdistribute,  lease,  sublease,  market,  license,
sublicense,  exhibit,  broadcast,  transmit,  reproduce,  publicize or otherwise
exploit  the Film,  the  Literary  Property  and any and all  rights  therein in
perpetuity,  without  limitation,  in any  manner  and in any  media  whatsoever
throughout the universe, including without limitation, by projection, radio, all
forms of television  (including,  without  limitation,  free, pay, toll,  cable,
sustaining,  subscription,  sponsored and direct satellite broadcast), all forms
of  "pay-per-view"  and  "video-on-demand",  in theaters,  non-theatrically,  on
cassettes,  cartridges,  DVD, other discs and other similar and dissimilar video
devices, all forms of computer assisted or interactive media (including, but not
limited to,  CD-ROM,  CD-I and similar disc systems,  interactive  cable and any
other devices or methods now existing or  hereinafter  devised),  and by any and
all other  scientific,  mechanical or electronic  means,  methods,  processes or
devices now known or hereafter conceived, devised or created;

            (l)  All  files,  receipts,  documents,  correspondence,  books  and
records,  minute books,  ledgers,  employee  records,  customer lists,  computer
programs,  data processing software,  agreements,  data,  microfiche,  microfilm
computer records (including,  without  limitation,  magnetic tape, disc storage,
electronic storage,  digital storage,  card forms and printed copy),  including,
without  limitation,  documents or receipts of any kind or nature  issued by any
pledgeholder,  warehouseman  or bailee  and books of  account  of every kind and
nature, relating to the Film and/or any Physical Properties thereof,  Grantor or
the  business  thereof,  and  all  copies  or  reproductions   thereof  and  all
receptacles and containers for such records,  whether now or hereafter existing,
and wherever located;

            (m) Any and all security interests,  liens, pledges,  collateral and
all rights therein and thereto as may have been or may be granted to any debtor,
whether by another  debtor,  an  affiliated  party of any  debtor,  or any third
party;

            (n) All key art, transparencies, photographs, slides and promotional
materials of whatever nature; and

            (o) All  cash  and  cash  equivalents  of  Grantor  derived  from or
relating to the Film and all drafts, checks, letters of credit,  certificates of
deposit,  notes, bills of exchange and other writings relating to the Film which
evidence  a right  to the  payment  of  money  and are not  themselves  security
agreements  or  leases  and are of a type  which is in the  ordinary  course  of
business  transferred  by delivery with any necessary  endorsement or assignment
whether now owned or hereafter acquired.

      B. Music Assets.

      "Music Assets" shall mean (a) the Composition  Collateral,  (b) the Master
Recording Collateral, and (c) the Physical Property, and all collateral, allied,
ancillary and subsidiary  rights of every kind and nature,  without  limitation,
derived  from,  appurtenant  to or related to the  Composition  Collateral,  the
Master  Recording  Collateral,  or the  Physical  Property,  including,  without
limitation,  all production,  exploitation,  commercial tie-up and merchandising
rights of every kind and nature and all commercial tort claims.

                                       19
<PAGE>

      "Composition  Collateral"  shall  mean the  Musical  Compositions  and all
copyrights and all renewals and extensions  thereof and other rights with regard
thereto, all contract rights (including, but not limited to, all rights of every
kind and nature,  present and future,  in and to all agreements  relating to the
creation,  performance,  publication,  administration  and  exploitation  of the
Musical   Compositions,   including  all  agreements  relating  to  the  Musical
Compositions),  accounts  receivable,  royalties,  rights to receive  royalties,
commercial  tort  claims,  and any other  proceeds of the Musical  Compositions,
whether presently existing or hereafter arising, including,  without limitation,
the gross receipts  derived by any Assignor from:  (a) the  exploitation  of the
Musical  Compositions  in the  form  of  sheet  music,  orchestrations,  folios,
compilations,  songbooks and other forms of print;  (b) the  exploitation of the
Musical  Compositions  as embodied in Records;  (c) the inclusion of the Musical
Compositions in motion pictures, videotapes and other audiovisual works; (d) the
granting  to  third  parties  of the  right  to  perform  publicly  the  Musical
Compositions  by any and all means  throughout  the universe;  and (e) any other
royalty or royalty  interest  of any  Assignor,  payments  and other  monies and
valuable consideration, regardless of how denominated, now or hereafter owing to
any Assignor or  hereafter  derived from the  exploitation  (including,  without
limitation, the license and/or sale) of the Musical Compositions,  and all other
rights in and to the Musical Compositions,  including any renewals or extensions
thereof.

      "Master  Recording  Collateral"  shall mean the Sound  Recordings  and all
copyrights and all renewals and extensions  thereof and other rights with regard
thereto, all contract rights (including, but not limited to, all rights of every
kind and nature,  present and future,  in and to all agreements  relating to the
creation, performance, publication, administration and exploitation of the Sound
Recordings, including all agreements relating to the Sound Recordings), accounts
receivable,  royalties, rights to receive royalties, commercial tort claims, and
any other  proceeds  of the Sound  Recordings,  whether  presently  existing  or
hereafter arising, including,  without limitation, the gross receipts derived by
any Assignor from: (a) the  exploitation of the Sound  Recordings as embodied in
Records;  (b)  the  inclusion  of  the  Sound  Recordings  in  motion  pictures,
videotapes and other audiovisual works; (c) the granting to third parties of the
right to  exploit  the  Sound  Recordings;  (d) the right to  perform  the Sound
Recordings publicly by means of a digital audio transmission;  and (e) any other
royalty or royalty  interest  of any  Assignor,  payments  and other  monies and
valuable consideration,  regardless of how dominated,  now or hereafter owing to
any Assignor or  hereafter  derived from the  exploitation  (including,  without
limitation,  the license  and/or  sale) of the Sound  Recordings,  and all other
rights in and to the Sound  Recordings,  including  any  renewals or  extensions
thereof.

      "Physical  Property"  shall mean all physical  properties of every kind or
nature of or  relating to the  Composition  Collateral  or the Master  Recording
Collateral  to the extent now or  hereafter  in  existence,  including,  without
limitation, all sheet music, orchestrations, folios, compilations, songbooks and
other forms of print; all Records; and all Master Tapes.

      "Musical  Compositions"  shall mean all of any Assignor's right, title and
interest in and to all musical  compositions  (whether published or unpublished,
registered  or  unregistered,  presently  existing or created or acquired in the
future)  which is owned or  controlled,  in whole or in part, by any Assignor or
any of their respective Subsidiaries,  or with respect to which any Assignor has
any right to receive royalties or other proceeds, including, without limitation,
all  rights  to:  (a) the  exploitation  thereof  in the  form of  sheet  music,
orchestrations,  folios,  compilations,  songbooks and other forms of print; (b)
the exploitation  thereof as embodied in Records;  (c) the inclusion  thereof in
motion  pictures,  videotapes and other  audiovisual  works; (d) the granting to
third parties of the right to perform publicly such musical  compositions by any
and all means,  throughout  the  universe;  and (e) any other royalty or royalty
interest of any Assignor,  payments and other monies and valuable consideration,
regardless  of how  denominated,  now or  hereafter  owing  to any  Assignor  or
hereafter  derived from the exploitation  (including,  without  limitation,  the
license and/or sale) thereof.

                                       20
<PAGE>

      "Records" shall mean any form of reproduction,  distribution, transmission
or  communication  of  Recordings  (whether  or not  in  physical  form)  now or
hereafter known (including  reproductions of sound alone or together with visual
images)  which  is  manufactured,   distributed,   transmitted  or  communicated
primarily for personal use, home use,  institutional  (e.g.,  library or school)
use,   jukebox  use,  or  use  in  means  of   transportation,   including   any
computer-assisted  media (e.g., CD-ROM, DVD Audio, CD Extra, Enhanced CD) or use
as a so-called "ring tone." For the avoidance of doubt,  "Records" shall include
the transmission or communication of a master recording directly to the consumer
regardless of whether  previously or subsequently  embodied in a physical record
configuration by any Person.

      "Recording" shall mean any recording of sound, whether or not coupled with
a visual image,  by any method and on any substance or material,  whether now or
hereafter  known,  which is used or useful in the recording,  production  and/or
manufacture of Records or for any other exploitation of sound.

      "Sound  Recordings"  shall mean all  copyrights  in and other  rights with
respect to sound  recordings  (whether  published or unpublished,  registered or
unregistered,  presently  existing  or  created  or  acquired  in  the  future),
including  sound  recordings  embodied  on  Records,  with  respect to which any
Assignor now or in the future has any ownership  interest or distribution  right
or which any Assignor otherwise controls.

      "Master  Tapes" shall mean all original  master  recording  tapes (whether
digital  or  analog)  and every  recording  of sound (by any  method  and on any
substance or material, now known or hereafter developed), whether or not coupled
with a visual  image,  including the  following  elements:  (1) master mix reels
(i.e.,  two-track  master  mixes on analog  tape)  recorded  and compiled at the
mixing studio (i.e.,  prior to mastering) ; (2) analog and/or digital multitrack
tapes (masters and slaves)  (including any two,  three,  four,  eight,  sixteen,
twenty-four and forty-eight  track master tapes and all other multitrack  master
tapes) with accompanying tone reels (if available);  (3) Two Track Masters;  (4)
computer-based  recording storage formats (e.g., ProTools session and audio data
files,  Exabyte reels,  magneto-optical  discs,  CD-Rs,  hard discs,  etc.); (5)
sample and  automation  discs (if any);  (6) all existing  documentation  (e.g.,
console  strips,  outboard  settings,  session  notes,  etc.);  and  (7) and all
acetates and metal or other  equivalent  parts or  reproductions  of such master
tapes and  recordings,  and all other materials used or useful in the Recording,
production or manufacture of Records.



                                       21


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>v010420_ex10-4.txt
<TEXT>


                                  EXHIBIT 10.4


Tax Folio Nos. 19230 12 00100, 19230 12 00200, 19230 19 00200 & 19230 19 00300

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PREPARED  BY/RECORD AND RETURN TO: Howard L. Friedberg,  Esquire,  Katz, Barron,
Squitero,  Faust, Brecker,  Terzo,  Friedberg & Grady, P.A.; 2699 South Bayshore
Drive, 7th Floor Miami, Florida 33133; Telephone: (305) 856-2444.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                    ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, LEASES AND DEPOSITS

      THIS  ASSIGNMENT  is made  and  entered  into as of the AGU  ENTERTAINMENT
CORP., a Delaware corporation  ("Assignor"),  whose address is 3200 West Oakland
Park Boulevard,  Lauderdale  Lakes,  Florida 33311,  and Mitchell  Entertainment
Company, a Delaware limited liability company ("Assignee"), 7220 NW 36th Street,
Suite 100, Miami, Florida 33166, its successors and assigns.

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

      WHEREAS,  contemporaneously  herewith, Assignor has executed and delivered
to Assignee a Secured  Convertible  Term Note in the  principal  amount of Three
Million  and 00/100  Dollars  ($3,000,000.00)  (hereinafter  referred  to as the
"Note"),  secured by a Mortgage Deed and Security  Agreement  dated of even date
herewith  (hereinafter  referred  to as  the  "Mortgage"),  on the  property  of
Assignor in Broward County, Florida, the legal description of which is set forth
as follows:

              SEE LEGAL DESCRIPTION, ANNEXED HERETO AND MADE A PART
                              HEREOF AS EXHIBIT "A"

together  with all  buildings  and  improvements  now or  hereafter  constructed
thereon (all of such property being hereinafter  collectively referred to as the
"Property" or "Mortgaged Property"); and

WHEREAS, the Mortgage is a second mortgage, subject and subordinate only to that
certain  mortgage  of even date  herewith  in favor of  Charley  Zeches,  in her
capacity as Trustee of Lakes  Holding  Trust U/A dated July 27, 2001,  having an
outstanding  balance of $7,000,000,  and Assignment of Rents, Leases and Profits
(collectively, the "Zeches Mortgage"); and

<PAGE>

      WHEREAS,  as  additional  security  for the  Note and the  obligations  of
Assignor  thereunder,  Assignor  has executed  and  delivered  to Assignee  this
Assignment.

      NOW, THEREFORE, for value received and as security for the payment of said
obligations  of  Assignor,  Assignor,  for  itself  and for its  successors  and
assigns, does hereby transfer,  assign and deliver unto Assignee, its successors
and assigns,  all of the right, title and interest of Assignor in and to (1) all
leases,  subleases,  tenancies and any other agreement  affecting the use of the
Mortgaged  Property,  whether  written or oral,  now or hereafter  existing with
respect to any portion or portions of the Mortgaged Property,  together with any
renewals  or  extensions  thereof  and leases,  subleases,  tenancies,  and such
agreements in substitution  therefor (all of which are hereinafter  collectively
referred to as the "Leases" or "Assigned Leases" and singularly as "Lease"), (2)
all rents,  deposits,  issues,  profits and other  payments of every kind due or
payable  and to become  due or  payable to  Assignor  by virtue of the  Assigned
Leases,  or otherwise due or payable and to become due or payable to Assignor as
the result of any issue,  possession  or occupancy of any portion or portions of
the Mortgaged Property,  (3) all right, title and interest of Assignor in and to
all  guarantees  of the  Assigned  Leases  and (4) any  award  made in any court
proceeding  involving  any  of the  lessees  in any  bankruptcy,  insolvency  or
reorganization proceedings in any state or federal court.

      TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the same unto  Assignee,  its  successors and assigns,
until such time as the indebtedness secured by the Mortgage shall have been paid
in full, for the purpose of further and  collaterally  securing:  (1) payment of
the  indebtedness  evidenced  by the Note  together  with the  interest  on said
indebtedness;  (2) payment of all sums, with interest thereon, to become due and
payable to Assignee hereunder or under the provisions of the Mortgage, the Note,
or any other obligation of Assignor to Assignee now or hereafter  existing;  and
(3)  performance  and  discharge  of each and  every  obligation,  covenant  and
agreement  of Assignor  contained  herein,  or in the Note,  the  Mortgage,  any
associated loan document or any other  obligation of Assignor to Assignee now or
hereafter existing (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Obligations").

      This instrument of Assignment is delivered and accepted upon the following
terms and conditions:

      1. Assignor's  License to Operate if no Event of Default.  This Assignment
shall  be and  constitute  an  absolute  assignment  effective  upon  execution,
however,  so long as no event of  default  shall  exist  under the  Obligations,
Assignor  shall  have a  revocable  license,  revocable  by  Assignee  upon  the
occurrence of an event of default under the Obligations, and to collect, receive
and apply for its own  account  all rents,  issues  and  profits  (the  "Rents")
accruing by virtue of the  Assigned  Leases,  and to execute and deliver  proper
receipts and acquittances therefor,  provided, however, that without the written
consent of Assignee, Assignor shall not collect any installment of rent or other
required sums, in advance,  other than a security deposit and rent for the first
and last  month of any  lease  or  sublease  term  (hereinafter  referred  to as
"Permitted Advance Rental Payments"). As to any security deposits and/or prepaid
rents, Assignor shall furnish to Assignee, upon Assignee's request, satisfactory
evidence that Assignor has  maintained  such security  deposits  and/or  prepaid
rents in accordance with the requirements of Florida law.

                                       2
<PAGE>

      2. Assignee's Rights in Event of Default.

      2.1  Immediately  upon the  occurrence  of any event of default  under the
Obligations,  the revocable  license  described in paragraph 1 above shall cease
and  terminate  upon  demand and notice  made by  Assignee,  and, in such event,
Assignee,  subject to the rights of the mortgagee under the Zeches Mortgage,  is
hereby expressly and irrevocably  authorized to enter and take possession of the
Rents, or by written notice served personally upon or sent by registered mail to
Assignor as Assignee may elect, without further authorization,  notice or demand
and without  the  commencement  of any action to  foreclose  the  Mortgage or to
exercise its power of sale thereunder.

      2.2 Assignor does hereby  constitute  and appoint  Assignee,  irrevocably,
with full power of substitution  and revocation,  its true and lawful  attorney,
coupled with an  interest,  for it and in its name,  place and stead,  to do and
perform  any or all of the  following  actions,  as fully  for all  intents  and
purposes, as it could do if personally present,  hereby ratifying and confirming
all that its said attorney or its substitution  shall lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof:

            (a) manage and operate the Property or any part thereof;

            (b) lease any part or parts  thereof for such  periods of time,  and
      upon such terms and  conditions as Assignee  may, in its sole  discretion,
      deem proper;

            (c) enforce, cancel or modify any of the Leases;

            (d)  demand,  collect,  sue for,  attach,  levy,  recover,  receive,
      compromise and adjust, and make, execute and deliver receipts and releases
      for all rents,  issues,  profits and other amounts that may then be or may
      thereafter  become due,  owing or payable  with respect to the Property or
      any part thereof from any present or future lessees,  tenants,  subtenants
      or occupants thereof;

            (e) institute, prosecute to completion or compromise and settle, all
      summary proceedings, actions for rent or for removing any and all lessees,
      tenants,  subtenants  or  occupants  of the  Property or any part or parts
      thereof;

            (f) enforce or enjoin or restrain the violation of any of the terms,
      provisions  and  conditions  of any  Lease  or  Leases,  now or  hereafter
      affecting the Property or any part thereof;

            (g) make such  repairs and  alterations  to the Property as Assignee
      may, in its reasonable discretion, deem proper;

            (h) pay,  from and out of rents,  issues and  profits  collected  in
      respect of the Property or any part  thereof,  or from or out of any other
      funds, the rent and all other charges required to be paid under any ground
      leases  on  which  the  Mortgage  may   constitute  a  lien,   any  taxes,
      assessments, water rates, sewer rates, or other government charges levied,
      assessed or imposed against the Property, or any portion thereof, and also
      any and all other charges, costs and expenses which it may be necessary or
      advisable  for  Assignee  to pay in the  management  or  operation  of the
      Property, including without limiting the generality of any rights, powers,
      privileges and authority  hereinbefore or hereinafter conferred) the costs
      of repairs and  alterations,  commissions  for renting the Property or any
      portions thereof, any legal expenses in enforcing claims, preparing papers
      or for any other services that may be required; and

                                       3
<PAGE>

            (i) generally,  do, execute and perform any other act, deed,  matter
      or thing  whatsoever that ought to be done,  executed and performed in and
      about or with  respect to the  Property,  as fully as  Assignor  might do,
      provided,  however,  that any  action,  or failure  or refusal to act,  by
      Assignee  under this  Assignment  shall be at its election and without any
      liability on its part.

      2.3  Assignee  shall  apply the net amount of rents,  issues  and  profits
received  by it from the  Property,  after  payment  of all  costs  and  charges
incurred  by  Assignee  (including  any  liability,   loss,  expense  or  damage
hereinafter referred to in paragraph 5 hereof),  first to the payment, when due,
of the  installments  of interest  payable under the Note and  thereafter to the
payment  of  principal  thereunder.  Any of  such  funds  remaining  after  such
application shall be paid as soon as reasonably  practicable by Assignee to such
persons as Assignor may designate to Assignee in writing.

      2.4 Assignee  shall be  accountable  to Assignor only for monies  actually
received by Assignee  pursuant to this  Assignment  and the  acceptance  of this
Assignment shall not constitute a satisfaction of any indebtedness, liability or
obligations, or any part thereof, now or hereafter owed by Assignor to Assignee,
except to the extent of amounts  actually  received  and  applied by Assignee on
account of the same.

      2.5 The rights and powers of Assignee  hereunder shall continue and remain
in full  force and  effect  until all  amounts  secured  hereby,  including  any
deficiency resulting from foreclosure sale, are paid in full, and shall continue
after   commencement  of  foreclosure  and  after  foreclosure  sale  and  until
expiration of the equity of redemption,  notwithstanding sale of the Property to
a purchaser other than Assignee. Assignee shall not be liable to Assignor or any
one claiming under or through Assignor by reason of anything done or left undone
by Assignee hereunder.

      3. Attornment of Lessees in Event of Default.  ASSIGNOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
DIRECTS EACH LESSEE  AND/OR  SUBLESSEE  UNDER EACH OF THE LEASES UPON DEMAND AND
NOTICE FROM ASSIGNEE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT UNDER ANY OF THE OBLIGATIONS, TO PAY
ASSIGNEE ALL RENTS,  DEPOSITS  AND PROFITS  ACCRUING OR DUE UNDER ITS LEASE FROM
AND AFTER THE RECEIPT OF SUCH DEMAND AND NOTICE.  ANY LESSEE MAKING SUCH PAYMENT
TO ASSIGNEE SHALL BE UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO INQUIRE INTO OR DETERMINE THE ACTUAL
EXISTENCE OF ANY SUCH EVENT OF DEFAULT(S) CLAIMED BY ASSIGNEE.

      4. Covenants of Assignor.  Assignor, for itself and for its successors and
assigns, covenants and warrants as follows:

                                       4
<PAGE>

            (a) that each of the Leases now or  hereafter in effect is and shall
      be a valid and  existing  lease or  sublease  and that there  are,  to the
      extent  ascertainable  by Assignor,  no defaults on the part of any of the
      parties thereto;

            (b) that Assignor has not sold, assigned, transferred,  mortgaged or
      pledged any of the rents,  issues or profits from the Property or any part
      thereof,  whether now or hereafter  to become due, to any person,  firm or
      corporation other than Assignee;

            (c) that no rents, issues,  deposits or profits of the Property,  or
      any part  thereof,  becoming due  subsequent  to the date hereof have been
      collected  nor has  payment of any of the sums been  anticipated,  waived,
      released, discounted or otherwise discharged or compromised;

            (d) that Assignor will not assign,  pledge or otherwise encumber any
      of the  Leases or any of the rents  thereunder  unless  the prior  written
      consent  of  Assignee  shall  have been  obtained  thereto  and unless the
      instrument creating such assignment, pledge or encumbrance shall expressly
      state that the same is subject to this Assignment;

            (e) that Assignor will not, without in each case having obtained the
      prior  written  consent  of  Assignee,  which  shall  not be  unreasonably
      withheld,  enter  into any new lease  agreement,  with  respect to a 5,000
      square  foot or  greater  portion  of the  Property  or with  respect to a
      portion of the Property  which is less than 5,000 square feet,  unless the
      rent payable under such lease  agreement  represents the fair market value
      for the lease of a space of similar size and character to the space rented
      under such lease  agreement,  or amend,  modify,  terminate  or accept any
      surrender of any Lease;

            (f) that Assignor will not waive or give any consent with respect to
      any default or variation in the performance of any of the terms, covenants
      and  conditions  on the part of any  lessee,  sublessee,  tenant  or other
      occupant  to be  performed  under any of the Leases  without  the  written
      consent of  Assignee,  but will at all times take proper  steps to enforce
      all of the provisions and conditions thereof;

            (g) that Assignor will not collect or receive,  without in each case
      having  obtained the prior written consent of Assignee  thereto,  from any
      such lessee, sublessee,  tenant or other occupant, any installment of rent
      in advance of the respective  dates  prescribed in the Leases,  except for
      Permitted Advance Rental Payments;

            (h) that Assignor will perform and observe, or cause to be performed
      and observed, all of the terms, covenants and conditions on its part to be
      performed and observed with respect to each of the Leases;

                                       5
<PAGE>

            (i) that at all  times  during  which  this  Assignment  shall be in
      effect,  Assignor  will use its best  efforts to keep the  Property  fully
      rented at the highest possible rentals obtainable;

            (j) that  Assignor will notify  Assignee  promptly when any Lease is
      hereafter  executed,  extended,  renewed,  amended or modified and that it
      will furnish to Assignee,  on demand,  true copies of all Leases hereafter
      executed  and true  copies  of each  agreement  or  letter  effecting  the
      renewal, amendment or modification of any Assigned Lease;

            (k) any Leases  hereafter  executed shall provide that within thirty
      (30) days after  written  request from Assignee (i) the lessee shall agree
      to  furnish  to  Assignee  a  financial  statement  on a  form  reasonably
      satisfactory to Assignee and such other  documentation which would reflect
      the status of the Lease and/or the financial  condition of such lessee and
      (ii)  Assignor  and such  lessee  shall  agree to amend  the Lease to make
      reasonable changes required by Assignee provided, however, such changes do
      not materially alter the terms and conditions of the Lease; and

            (l) not to enter into any new lease agreement with any operating dry
      cleaner  or  gasoline  service  station  or any  similar  type or types of
      establishment  without first  obtaining  the written  consent of Assignee,
      which may be withheld by Assignee, in its sole and absolute discretion.

      Assignor   acknowledges   and  agrees  that  the  approval   (directly  or
indirectly)  of any Lease by Assignee  shall not be  construed  in any manner to
create any  liability  or  responsibility  as to Assignee in the event that such
Lease or the  tenant  thereunder  should  default.  The  review  of any Lease by
Assignee shall be solely for  Assignee's own purposes,  shall not constitute any
representation  by  Assignee  as to  the  subject  Lease  or as  to  the  tenant
thereunder  and may not and shall not be relied  upon by Assignor in any manner.
Assignee  shall  independently  review  and  approve  any Lease  and the  tenant
thereunder prior to execution thereof by Assignor.

      5. Indemnification.

      5.1  Assignor  hereby  agrees  to  indemnify,  defend,  and hold  Assignee
harmless  (except  to the  extent  caused by the  gross  negligence  or  willful
misconduct of the Assignee)  (a) against and from any and all  liability,  loss,
damage and expense,  including reasonable attorneys' fees, which it may or shall
incur under or in connection with any of the Leases,  or by reason of any of the
Obligations,  or by  reason of any  action  taken by  Assignee  under any of the
Obligations  (including,  without  limitation,  any action which Assignee in its
discretion may take to protect its interest in the Property,  including, without
limitation,  the  making of  advances  and the  entering  into of any  action or
proceeding arising out of or connected with the Leases or the Obligations),  and
(b)  against  and from any and all  claims and  demand  whatsoever  which may be
asserted against  Assignor by reason of any alleged  obligations or undertakings
on its part to perform or discharge any of the terms,  covenants and  conditions
contained in any of the Leases.

                                       6
<PAGE>

      5.2 Should Assignee incur any such liability, loss, damage or expense, the
amount  thereof,  together with interest  thereon at the highest rate  permitted
under  Florida law,  shall be payable by Assignor to Assignee  immediately  upon
demand, or at the option of Assignee, Assignee may reimburse itself therefor out
of any rents, issues or profits of the Property collected by Assignee.

      5.3 Nothing  contained  herein  shall  operate or be construed to obligate
Assignee to perform any of the terms,  covenants or conditions  contained in any
Lease, or to take any measures, legal or otherwise, to enforce collection of any
of said rents or other  payments,  or  otherwise to impose any  obligation  upon
Assignee  with respect to any of said Leases,  including but not limited to, any
obligation arising out of any covenant of quiet enjoyment therein contained.

      5.4 Prior to actual  entry into any taking  possession  of the Property by
Assignee,  this  Assignment  shall  not  operate  to  place  upon  Assignee  any
responsibility  for the operation,  control,  care,  management or repair of the
Property,  and the  execution of this  Assignment by Assignor  shall  constitute
conclusive  evidence that all  responsibility  for the operation,  control care,
management  and repair of the Property is and shall be that of Assignor prior to
such actual entry and taking of possession.

      6. Exercise of Remedies. Failure of Assignee to avail itself of any of the
terms, covenants and conditions of this Assignment for any period of time, or at
any time or times, shall not be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any of its
rights hereunder.  The rights and remedies of Assignee under this Assignment are
cumulative  and are not in lieu of but are in addition  to any other  rights and
remedies  which  Assignee  shall  have  under or by  virtue  of any other of the
Obligations. The rights and remedies of Assignee hereunder may be exercised from
time to time and as often as such exercise is deemed expedient.

      7. Assignment by Assignee.  Assignee shall have the right to assign to any
subsequent  holder of the  Mortgage,  or to any  person  acquiring  title to the
Property,  Assignor's rights, title and interest in any Lease or sublease hereby
or hereafter assigned,  subject,  however, to the provisions of this Assignment.
After  Assignor  shall have been barred and  foreclosed of all right,  title and
interest and equity of  redemption in said  Property,  no assignee of Assignor's
interest  in said Leases  shall be liable to account to Assignor  for any rents,
income, revenue, issues or profits thereafter accruing.

      8.  Termination  of  this  Agreement.  Upon  payment  in  full  of all the
indebtedness secured by the Mortgage, as evidenced by a recorded satisfaction or
release of Mortgage,  as well as any sums which may be payable  hereunder,  this
Assignment shall become and be void and of no further effect and, in that event,
upon the  request of  Assignor,  Assignee  covenants  to execute  and deliver to
Assignor  instruments  effective to evidence the  termination of this Assignment
and/or the reassignment to Assignor of the rights,  power and authority  granted
herein.

      9. No Merger of Assigned Leases. As against Assignee,  at all times during
which this Assignment shall be in effect, there shall be no merger of the Leases
or the leasehold  estate created  thereby with the fee estate in the Property by
reason of the fact that the Leases or any interest therein may be held by or for
the account of any person,  firm or corporation which may be or become the owner
of said fee estate, unless Assignee shall consent in writing to said merger.

                                       7
<PAGE>

      10.  Notice.  Any notice,  demand,  request or other  communication  given
hereunder or in  connection  herewith  (hereinafter  "Notices")  shall be deemed
sufficient  if in writing and sent by  registered  or  certified  mail,  postage
prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed to the party to receive such Notice
at the  addresses  set forth in this  Section,  or at such other address as such
party may hereafter  designate by Notice given in like fashion.  Notice shall be
deemed given when mailed.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, routine communications
such as ordinary distribution checks,  copies of documents,  etc. may be sent by
ordinary  first-class mail.  Notwithstanding  anything in this instrument to the
contrary, all requirements of notice shall be deemed inapplicable if Assignee is
prevented from giving such notice by bankruptcy or any other  applicable law. In
such event,  the cure period,  if any, shall then run from the occurrence of the
event or condition of default  rather than from the date of notice.  The initial
addresses are as follows:


                                       8
<PAGE>

         If to Assignor:            AGU Entertainment Corp.
                                    3200 West Oakland Park Boulevard
                                    Lauderdale Lakes, Florida  33311
                                    Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
                                    Facsimile:

                  with a copy to:

                                    Bruce C. Rosetto, Esq.
                                    Blank Rome LLP
                                    1200 North Federal Highway, Suite 417
                                    Boca Raton, Florida  33432
                                    Facsimile:  (561)417-8186

         If to Assignee:            Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                    7220 NW 36th Street, Suite 100
                                    Miami, Florida  33166
                                    Attention:  Jonathan E. Mitchell
                                    Facsimile:  (305) 591-9657

                  with a copy to:

                                    Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                    11601 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 2400
                                    Los Angeles, California  90025
                                    Attention:  Jonathan E. Mitchell
                                    Facsimile:  (310) 473-0076

                                    Robert S. Barry, Jr., Esq.
                                    Loeb & Loeb LLP
                                    10100 Santa Monica Boulevard, Suite 2200
                                    Los Angeles, California  90067
                                    Facsimile:  (310) 282-2200

                                    Howard L. Friedberg, Esq.
                                    Katz, Barron etal
                                    2699 South Bayshore Drive, 7th Floor
                                    Miami, Florida 33133
                                    Facsimile (305) 285-9227

      11. Miscellaneous Provisions.

      11.1  Whenever  the context so  requires,  reference  herein to the neuter
gender shall  include the masculine  and/or  feminine  gender,  and the singular
number shall include the plural.

                                       9
<PAGE>

      11.2  All of the  provisions  of  this  Assignment  shall  be  deemed  and
construed to be "conditions"  and  "covenants" as though the words  specifically
expressing  or importing  covenants  and  conditions  were used in each separate
provision hereof.

      11.3 This Assignment is being delivered and is intended to be performed in
the State of Florida and shall be construed and enforced in accordance  with and
governed by the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts) of such state.

      11.4 No change, amendment, modification, cancellation or discharge hereof,
or of any part  hereof,  shall be valid  unless  Assignee  shall have  consented
thereto in writing.

      11.5 In the event there is any conflict  between the terms and  provisions
of the Mortgage and the terms and provisions of this  Assignment,  the terms and
provisions of this Assignment shall prevail.

      11.6 The terms, covenants,  and conditions contained herein shall inure to
the benefit of, and bind Assignee and Assignor and their  respective  successors
and assigns or executors,  administrators,  successors and assigns,  as the case
may be.

      11.7 The captions of this  Assignment  are for  convenience  and reference
only and neither in any way define,  limit, or describe the scope or interest of
this Assignment nor in any way affect this Assignment.

      11.8  In  case  any  one or  more  of the  provisions  contained  in  this
Assignment  are,  or shall for any  reason be held to be,  invalid,  illegal  or
unenforceable in any respect,  such invalidity,  illegality or  unenforceability
shall not  affect  any other  provision  hereof or  thereof,  but each  shall be
construed as if such invalid,  illegal or unenforceable provision had never been
included.

      11.9  The  rights  and  remedies  in  favor of  Assignee  granted  by this
Assignment  shall  be in  addition  to and  shall  not in any way  constitute  a
limitation upon the rights and remedies  available to Assignee under  applicable
law,  including  without  limitation  all rights under Chapter  697.07,  Florida
Statutes,  regarding  assignment  of rents and all  rights  under  Chapter  702,
Florida Statutes, regarding foreclosure actions.

      11.10  Assignee may take or release other  security for the payment of the
Obligations,  and,  may  release  any  party  primarily  or  secondarily  liable
therefore,  and, may apply any other security held by it to the  satisfaction of
the Obligations, without prejudice to any of its rights under this Assignment.

      ASSIGNOR AND ASSIGNEE HEREBY MUTUALLY, KNOWINGLY, WILLINGLY, INTENTIONALLY
AND  VOLUNTARILY  WAIVE  THEIR  RIGHT TO  TRIAL  BY JURY  AND NO  PARTY  NOR ANY
ASSIGNEE,  SUCCESSOR,  HEIR, OR LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE PARTIES (ALL OF WHOM
ARE  HEREINAFTER  COLLECTIVELY  REFERRED TO AS THE "PARTIES")  SHALL SEEK A JURY

                                       10
<PAGE>

TRIAL  IN  ANY  LAWSUIT,  PROCEEDING,   COUNTERCLAIM  OR  ANY  OTHER  LITIGATION
PROCEEDING  BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS  ASSIGNMENT OR ANY ASSOCIATED LOAN
DOCUMENTS OR ANY INSTRUMENT EVIDENCING, SECURING OR RELATING TO THE INDEBTEDNESS
OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS SECURED HEREBY OR ANY RELATED AGREEMENT OR INSTRUMENT,  ANY
OTHER  COLLATERAL FOR THE  INDEBTEDNESS  SECURED HEREBY OR ANY COURSE OF ACTION,
COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS RELATING TO
THE LOAN EVIDENCED BY THE NOTE OR TO THIS ASSIGNMENT. THE PARTIES ALSO WAIVE ANY
RIGHT TO  CONSOLIDATE  ANY ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS BEEN WAIVED WITH ANY
OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED.  THE  PROVISIONS OF THIS
PARAGRAPH HAVE BEEN FULLY NEGOTIATED BY THE PARTIES. THE WAIVER CONTAINED HEREIN
IS IRREVOCABLE, CONSTITUTES A KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY WAIVER, AND SHALL BE SUBJECT
TO NO EXCEPTIONS.  ASSIGNEE HAS IN NO WAY AGREED WITH OR REPRESENTED TO ASSIGNOR
OR ANY OTHER  PARTY  THAT THE  PROVISIONS  OF THIS  PARAGRAPH  WILL NOT BE FULLY
ENFORCED IN ALL INSTANCES.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  Assignor has caused these presents to be signed as of
the day and year first above written.


Signed, sealed and delivered
in the presence of:

                                             AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP.,
                                             a Delaware corporation

/s/ Bruce C. Rosetto
- ---------------------------------------

Print name: Bruce C. Rosetto                 By: /s/ David Levy
           ----------------------------          ------------------------------
                                                David Levy, President
/s/ Innocencia Ramos
- ---------------------------------------

Print name: Innocencia Ramos
            ---------------------------

                                                     (Corporate Seal)


                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>v010420_ex10-5.txt
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.5




- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THIS  INSTRUMENT  PREPARED  BY/RECORD AND RETURN TO:  Conrad J. Boyle,  Esquire,
Mombach,  Boyle & Hardin,  P.A., 500 East Broward  Boulevard,  Suite 1950,  Fort
Lauderdale, Florida 33394.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                             SUBORDINATION AGREEMENT

      THIS  SUBORDINATION  AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the 20th day
of December,  2004, by and among Charley  Zeches,  in her capacity as Trustee of
LAKES HOLDING TRUST under agreement dated July 27, 2001 (hereinafter referred to
as  "Senior  Lender"),   Mitchell  Entertainment  Company,  a  Delaware  limited
liability company (hereinafter referred to as "Junior Lender") and is agreed to,
accepted and  acknowledged by AGU  Entertainment  Corp., a Delaware  corporation
(hereinafter referred to as "Mortgagor").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

      WHEREAS,  Senior  Lender is the owner and holder of that certain  Mortgage
Deed and Security Agreement securing indebtedness in the amount of Seven Million
and 00/100  Dollars  ($7,000,000.00)  executed by  Mortgagor  in favor of Senior
Lender, dated and recorded in the Public Records of Broward County,  Florida, in
Official Records Book , Page (the "Senior  Mortgage")  encumbering  certain real
property  and  improvements,  the  legal  description  of which is set  forth on
Exhibit "A" hereto (the "Property" or "Mortgaged Property"),  which secures that
certain Promissory Note dated December 20, 2004 in the principal amount of Seven
Million and 00/100  Dollars  ($7,000,000.00)  executed by  Mortgagor in favor of
Senior Lender, and other obligations of Mortgagor to Senior Lender (collectively
the "Senior  Obligations");  as affected by Notice  Restricting  Future Advances
("Restriction Notice") and

      WHEREAS,  Junior  Lender is the owner and holder of that certain  Mortgage
executed by  Mortgagor  in favor of Junior  Lender  dated  December 20, 2004 and
recorded in Official  Records Book__ , Page ___ of the Public Records of Broward
County, Florida (the "Junior Mortgage") encumbering the Property,  which secures
that certain  Promissory Note dated December 20, 2004 in the principal amount of
Three Million and 00/100 Dollars ($3,000,000.00) (the "Junior Note") executed by
Mortgagor in favor of Junior Lender and other obligations of Mortgagor to Junior
Lender (the "Junior Obligations"); and

<PAGE>

      WHEREAS,  Senior  Lender  and  Junior  Lender  desire to set  forth  their
Agreement with regard to the subordination of the Junior Mortgage and the Junior
Obligations as more specifically set forth herein.

      NOW THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the sum of Ten ($10.00)  Dollars and
other good and valuable  consideration,  from one to the other paid, the receipt
and sufficiency whereof is hereby  acknowledged,  the parties do hereby agree as
follows:

      1.  RECITALS:  The  Recitals set forth are true and correct and are made a
part hereof.

      2.  SUBORDINATION:  The  lien  of  the  Junior  Mortgage  and  the  Junior
Obligations  are now and shall forever  hereafter be subordinate and inferior to
the lien of the Senior Mortgage and the Senior  Obligations,  including  without
limitation,  any and all  sums at any  time  due  and  owing  under  any and all
promissory notes secured by the Senior Mortgage,  any principal and any interest
thereon,  any  other  amount  or  amounts  that  may be  added  to the  mortgage
indebtedness under the terms of this instrument for protective advances, and any
interest thereon, and all costs, payments advanced, taxes and expenses hereafter
advanced to insure the Property,  to prevent  waste,  to protect the  collateral
thereunder or collect said debt,  and all other  expenses,  costs and attorneys'
fees incurred by Senior Lender in connection with the Senior Mortgage and/or the
Senior Obligations, subject nevertheless to the Restriction Notice. Further, the
terms of the Junior Mortgage and the Junior Note, and all rights and remedies of
Junior Lender available  thereunder,  including but not limited to, the right to
claim or receive any insurance or  condemnation  awards or proceeds,  are hereby
expressly  subordinated  to  the  terms  of  the  Senior  Mortgage,  the  Senior
Obligations  and the  rights  and  remedies  of Senior  Lender  under the Senior
Mortgage.  Junior Lender and Mortgagor acknowledge and agree that no payments of
interest or principal  shall be made or accepted under the Junior Note following
the occurrence of a default under the Senior  Mortgage until the Senior Mortgage
has been repaid in full.

      3. COSTS AND ENFORCEMENT: Should suit be brought to enforce the provisions
of this  Agreement,  the  prevailing  party  shall be  entitled  to recover  its
attorneys fees incurred both at trial and on appeal.

      4.  NOTICES/RIGHT TO CURE: Junior Lender will send to Senior Lender a copy
of any notice of default under the Junior  Mortgage.  Whenever a default  notice
has been provided  pursuant to this provision and referenced in this  Agreement,
the same shall be referred to as the  "Default  Notice".  Senor Lender will give
Junior Lender notice of any default,  and shall accept cure by Junior Lender. If
Junior Lender pays Senior  Lender in full,  Senior Lender will assign the Senior
Obligations to Junior Lender.

      5. FORECLOSURE:  In the event of a foreclosure action instituted by Senior
Lender,  Junior  Lender shall not impose any cross claims  against  Mortgagor in
such action and any such claims shall be brought in a separate  action by Junior
Lender,  and Junior  Lender shall further agree to waive any and all defenses to
foreclosure  instituted  by Senior  Lender under the Senior  Mortgage,  but this
shall not be construed to waive any provision of this  Agreement or the right to
receive any overage in net proceeds in the event of a foreclosure sale.

                                       2
<PAGE>

      6. INSURANCE,  CONDEMNATION:  In the event of partial or total destruction
of the Mortgaged Property which results in the payment of insurance proceeds, or
in the event of a  condemnation  or  similar  proceeding  which  results  in the
payment of an award,  the proceeds or award shall be applied in accordance  with
the relevant provisions of the Senior Mortgage. Junior Lender shall share in the
excess proceeds, if any, in accordance with the terms of the Junior Mortgage.

      7. SUPERIOR  LIENS:  Junior  Lender  agrees that it shall not acquire,  by
subordination,  subrogation  or  otherwise,  any  lien,  estate,  right or other
interest in the  Mortgaged  Property  that is, or may be,  prior in right to the
lien of the Senior  Mortgage.  In the event that Junior Lender cures any default
of  Mortgagor  under the Senior  Mortgage  or under the Junior  Mortgage  by the
payment of money,  including,  for  example,  but not limited to, the payment of
taxes or insurance  premiums,  Junior  Lender  agrees that such payment shall be
deemed to be additional  indebtedness of the Mortgagor to be secured by the lien
of the Junior  Mortgage,  which shall be  subordinate  to the lien of the Senior
Mortgage and such amounts  shall not create a lien on parity with or superior to
the Senior  Mortgage and shall not give Junior  Lender the right of  subrogation
with respect to such amounts.

      8.  BANKRUPTCY OF  MORTGAGOR:  Junior Lender hereby agrees that so long as
any sum evidenced or secured by the Senior Mortgage remains outstanding:

            (a) Junior Lender shall not,  without the prior  written  consent of
      Senior Lender,  in Senior Lender's sole  discretion,  commence,  cause the
      Mortgagor to commence,  consent to Mortgagor commencing,  or join with any
      other  creditor in  commencing,  any  proceeding  under the United  States
      Bankruptcy  Code  or any  similar  federal  or  state  law (a  "Bankruptcy
      Proceeding")  or any  proceeding  under any  federal  or state  fraudulent
      conveyance law,  whether  statutory or any common law, with respect to the
      Mortgagor  or any  portion  of  the  real  and  personal  property  which,
      together, comprises the collateral for the Senior Obligations (the "Senior
      Obligations  Collateral"),  or any other property of Mortgagor,  including
      any property which is collateral for the Junior Obligations.

            (b) In addition to any other  rights  given to Junior  Lender  under
      applicable  laws  (but  subject  to the  limitations  set  forth  in  this
      paragraph  8, it is agreed that Junior  Lender shall have the right (i) to
      file a proof of claim  with  respect to the  Junior  Obligations,  (ii) to
      deliver to Senior  Lender a copy  thereof,  together  with evidence of the
      filing with the appropriate court or other authority,  and (iii) to defend
      any objection filed to said proof of claim.

            (c) Junior Lender agrees that it will not oppose:  (i) any motion by
      the Senior Lender for relief from the  automatic  stay in order for Senior
      Lender to exercise its rights under the Senior  Mortgage,  (ii) any motion
      by the Senior  Lender  for  adequate  protection,  (iii) any motion by the
      Senior Lender to dismiss the Bankruptcy Proceeding, (iv) any motion by the
      Senior  Lender to  appoint a  bankruptcy  trustee or  examiner  or (v) any
      motion by the Senior  Lender to convert the  Bankruptcy  Proceeding to any
      other Chapter of the Bankruptcy Code.

                                       3
<PAGE>

      9.  REPRESENTATIONS,  WARRANTIES  AND COVENANTS OF SENIOR  LENDER:  Senior
Lender represents and warrants to Junior Lender that:

      a.    Senior  Lender is the sole owner and  holder of the Senior  Note and
            the Senior Mortgage.

      b.    To the best of it s knowledge,  as of the date  hereof,  there is no
            default  or event  which by  notice  or the  passage  of time  would
            constitute  an event of  default  under the Senior  Note  and/or the
            Senior Mortgage.

      10.  REPRESENTATIONS,  WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF JUNIOR  LENDER:  Junior
Lender represents and warrants to Senior Lender that:

      a.    Junior  Lender is the sole owner and  holder of the Junior  Note and
            the Junior Mortgage.

      b.    To the best of its  knowledge,  as of the date  hereof,  there is no
            default  or event  which by  notice  or the  passage  of time  would
            constitute  an event of  default  under the Junior  Note  and/or the
            Junior Mortgage.

      11. AMOUNT  SECURED:  Without the prior written  consent of Senior Lender,
which consent may be withheld in Senior Lender's sole discretion,  Junior Lender
shall not permit any  increases in the  principal  amount  secured by the Junior
Mortgage  (as may  have  been  reduced  by the  repayment  of any  principal  by
Mortgagor),  except for protective  advances,  and any interest thereon, and all
costs,  payments  advanced,  taxes and expenses hereafter advanced to insure the
Property, to prevent waste, to protect the collateral thereunder or collect said
debt,  and all other  expenses,  costs and  attorneys'  fees  incurred by Junior
Lender in connection with the Junior Mortgage and/or the Junior Obligations.  In
the absence of consent by Senior Lender,  any such increases shall  constitute a
default under the Senior Mortgage.

      12.  CONTINUING  AGREEMENT:  The  obligations  of Senior Lender and Junior
Lender hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional and this Agreement shall be
a continuing  agreement and shall continue  notwithstanding  the  dissolution or
reorganization  of Senior Lender or of Junior  Lender.  Senior  Lender,  without
affecting the subordination herein provided and without notice to Junior Lender,
(i) may release any security for its  respective  notes,  including  part of the
property  encumbered by its mortgage or retain or obtain a security  interest in
other property to secure the  obligations of the Mortgagor to Senior Lender,  or
(ii) may  extend,  alter,  exchange,  substitute  or modify  its  note(s) or its
mortgage or release,  compromise, alter or exchange any obligation held by it as
security for its note(s), so long as there is no increase in principal or in the
other financial obligations of Mortgagor.  None of such actions shall affect the
subordination  herein  provided,  and Junior Lender expressly waives any rights,
including any defense in the nature of a suretyship  defense,  otherwise arising
out of such action. Senior Lender's senior security position hereunder shall not
be  prejudiced  by any action  omitted or  undertaken  by it with respect to the
Senior Obligations or any indebtedness secured by the Senior Mortgage.

                                       4
<PAGE>

      13. NOTICES: All notices hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed
to have  been  sufficiently  given or served  for all  purposes  when  presented
personally  or three (3) days after  mailing  when sent by actual  hand-delivery
commercial  overnight courier (i.e., Federal Express) or registered or certified
mail,  return receipt  requested,  postage  prepaid,  to the addresses set forth
below:

         to Senior Lender:          Charley Zeches as Trustee of
                                    Lakes Holding Trust under agreement
                                    Dated July 27, 2001
                                    521 East Las Olas Boulevard
                                    Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301

         with a copy to:            Mombach, Boyle & Hardin, P.A.
                                    500 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 1950
                                    Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33394
                                    Attn: Conrad J. Boyle, Esq.

         to Junior Lender:          Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                    7220 N.W. 36th Street, Suite 100
                                    Miami, Florida 33166

         with copy to:              Howard L. Friedberg, Esq.
                                    Katz, Barron, Squitero Law Firm
                                    2699 South Bayshore Drive, 7th Floor
                                    Miami, Florida 33133

         to Mortgagor:              AGU Entertainment Corp.
                                    11077 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 100
                                    Miami, Florida 33161

         with copy to:              Bruce C. Rosetto, Esq.
                                    Blank Rome LLP
                                    1200 N. Federal Highway, Suite 417
                                    Boca Raton, Florida 33432

or any such other  address of which a party shall have notified the party giving
such notice in writing.

      14. NO  WAIVER:  The  giving of  consent  by Senior  Lender to the  Junior
Mortgage is not and shall not be deemed a waiver of the Senior  Lender's  rights
to prohibit any other junior mortgage of the Mortgaged Property. No delay on the
part of Senior  Lender or Junior  Lender in the  exercise of any right or remedy
hereunder or under the Senior Mortgage or Junior Mortgage,  respectively,  shall
operate as a waiver of any right hereunder.

                                       5
<PAGE>

      15.  COUNTERPARTS:  The  parties  hereto  agree  that  this  Subordination
Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more  counterparts,  each of which shall
be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.

      16. ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES: At the written request of Senior Lender, Junior
Lender shall deliver to Senior Lender a certificate  stating that no default has
occurred  under  the  Junior  Note  or the  Junior  Mortgage  which  default  is
continuing,  and that Junior Lender is not aware of any event which after notice
or lapse of time or both  would  constitute  a default  or, if any such event or
default had occurred and is  continuing,  Junior Lender shall specify the nature
and period of existence thereof. At the written request of Junior Lender, Senior
Lender shall deliver to Junior Lender a certificate  stating that no default has
occurred  under  the  Senior  Note  or the  Senior  Mortgage  which  default  is
continuing,  and that Senior Lender is not aware of any event which after notice
or lapse of time or both  would  constitute  a default  or, if any such event or
default had occurred and is  continuing,  Senior Lender shall specify the nature
and period of existence thereof.

      17.  PARAGRAPH  HEADINGS:  The headings of the various  paragraphs of this
Subordination  Agreement have been inserted only for the purpose of convenience,
and are not part of this Subordination  Agreement and shall not be deemed in any
manner  to  modify,   explain  or  restrict  any  of  the   provisions  of  this
Subordination Agreement.

      18.  CHOICE  OF LAW:  This  Agreement  shall  be  construed,  interpreted,
enforced  and  governed  by and in  accordance  with  the  laws of the  State of
Florida,  excluding the principles  thereof  governing  conflicts of law. If any
provision  shall be held  prohibited  or  invalid  under  applicable  law,  such
provision  shall be ineffective to the extent of such  prohibition or invalidity
without invalidating any other provision of this Agreement.

      19 VENUE:  The parties  agree that Broward  County,  Florida,  at the sole
option of Senior Lender,  is the proper venue for any and all legal  proceedings
arising out of this Subordination Agreement and any associated loan documents.

      20. BINDING EFFECT:  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the Mortgagor,  Senior Lender and Junior Lender and their  respective
heirs, successors and assigns.

      21. NEITHER SENIOR LENDER,  JUNIOR LENDER,  MORTGAGOR NOR ANY OTHER PERSON
LIABLE FOR THE OBLIGATIONS,  COVENANTS,  WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS  HEREIN,
NOR ANY ASSIGNEE,  SUCCESSOR,  HEIR OR PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE OF SENIOR LENDER,
JUNIOR  LENDER,  MORTGAGOR  OR ANY SUCH OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY SHALL SEEK A JURY
TRIAL IN ANY LAWSUIT, PROCEEDING, COUNTERCLAIM OR ANY OTHER LITIGATION PROCEDURE
BASED UPON OR ARISING  OUT OF THIS  AGREEMENT.  NEITHER  SENIOR  LENDER,  JUNIOR
LENDER,  MORTGAGOR  NOR ANY SUCH PERSON OR ENTITY WILL SEEK TO  CONSOLIDATE  ANY
SUCH  ACTION IN WHICH A JURY  TRIAL HAS BEEN  WAIVED,  WITH ANY OTHER  ACTION IN
WHICH A JURY TRIAL  CANNOT BE OR HAS NOT BEEN  WAIVED.  THE  PROVISIONS  OF THIS
PARAGRAPH  HAVE BEEN FULLY  DISCUSSED BY THE PARTIES,  HERETO AND THE PROVISIONS
HEREOF SHALL BE SUBJECT TO NO EXCEPTIONS.


          [THE BALANCE OF THE PAGE INTENTIONALLY HAS BEEN LEFT BLANK]

                                       6
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  we have  hereunto set our hands and seals on the day
and year first above written.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                           <C>
Signed, sealed and                                            SENIOR LENDER
delivered in the presence of:

/s/ Robert J. Zeches                                          By:/s/ Charley Zeches
- --------------------------------------------                     -----------------------------------------
Print Name: Robert J. Zeches                                  Name:Charley Zeches
           --------------------------------                       --------------------------------------
                                                              Title: Trustee
/s/ John N. Minjiras                                                 -------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------
Print Name: John N. Minjiras
           ---------------------------------

                                                              MITCHELL ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY, a Delaware limited
                                                              liability company


                                                              By:  /s/ Johnathan E. Mitchell
- --------------------------------------------                     -----------------------------------------
Print Name:                                                            Jonathan E. Mitchell
           ---------------------------------
                                                              Title: CEO
                                                                     -------------------------------------

Print Name:
           ----------------------------------
</TABLE>



                                       7
<PAGE>

      AGREED TO, ACCEPTED AND  ACKNOWLEDGED  by the  undersigned  Mortgagor this
20th day of  December, 2004.
- ----


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                           <C>
                                                              AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP.
/s/ Bruce C. Rosetto
- --------------------------------------------
Print Name: Bruce C. Rosetto                                  By: /s/ David Levy
           ---------------------------------                      ----------------------------------------
                                                              Name: David Levy
                                                                    --------------------------------------
/s/ Innocencia Ramos                                          Title: President
- --------------------------------------------                         -------------------------------------
Print Name: Innocencia Ramos
           ---------------------------------

</TABLE>

                                       8

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>v010420_ex10-6.txt
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.6

                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

      This Registration  Rights Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered
into as of  December  20,  2004,  by and  between AGU  Entertainment  Corp.,  a
Delaware  corporation (the "Company"),  and Mitchell  Entertainment  Company,  a
Delaware limited liability company (the "Purchaser").

      This  Agreement is made  pursuant to the  Securities  Purchase  Agreement,
dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company,  its subsidiaries and the
Purchaser  (as  amended,  modified  or  supplemented  from  time  to  time,  the
"Securities  Purchase  Agreement"),  and  pursuant to the Note and the  Warrants
referred to therein.

      The Company and the Purchaser hereby agree as follows:

      1.  Definitions.  Capitalized  terms used and not otherwise defined herein
that are defined in the Securities  Purchase  Agreement  shall have the meanings
given  such  terms  in the  Securities  Purchase  Agreement.  As  used  in  this
Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

            "Commission" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

            "Common Stock" means shares of the Company's common stock, par value
$0.01 per share.

            "Effectiveness   Date"  means  (i)  with   respect  to  the  initial
Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, a date no later than one
hundred  eighty  (180) days  following  the date hereof and (ii) with respect to
each additional Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, a date no
later than forty-five (45) days following the applicable Filing Date.

            "Effectiveness  Period"  shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2(a).

            "Exchange  Act"  means  the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  as
amended, and any successor statute.

            "Filing  Date" means,  with respect to (i) the initial  Registration
Statement  required to be filed  hereunder,  a date no later than April 30, 2005
and (ii) with  respect  to shares of Common  Stock  issuable  to the Holder as a
result of adjustments  to the  Conversion  Price made pursuant to Section 2.4 of
the  Secured  Convertible  Term Note or Section 4 of the  Warrant or  otherwise,
thirty (30) days after the  occurrence  such event or the date of the adjustment
of the Conversion Price.

<PAGE>

            "Holder" or "Holders"  means the Purchaser or any of its  affiliates
or transferees to the extent any of them hold Registrable Securities.

            "Indemnified  Party"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in Section
5(c).

            "Indemnifying  Party"  shall have the  meaning  set forth in Section
5(c).

            "Note"  has  the  meaning  set  forth  in  the  Securities  Purchase
Agreement.

            "Proceeding"  means  an  action,   claim,  suit,   investigation  or
proceeding   (including,   without  limitation,   an  investigation  or  partial
proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

            "Prospectus"  means  the  prospectus  included  in the  Registration
Statement  (including,  without  limitation,  a  prospectus  that  includes  any
information  previously  omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective
registration  statement  in  reliance  upon  Rule  430A  promulgated  under  the
Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus  supplement,  with
respect  to  the  terms  of  the  offering  of any  portion  of the  Registrable
Securities covered by the Registration  Statement,  and all other amendments and
supplements to the  Prospectus,  including  post-effective  amendments,  and all
material  incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in
such Prospectus.

            "Registrable  Securities"  means the shares of Common  Stock  issued
upon the conversion of the Note and issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

            "Registration  Statement" means each registration statement required
to be filed hereunder,  including the Prospectus,  amendments and supplements to
such  registration  statement or Prospectus,  including pre- and  post-effective
amendments,  all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or
deemed to be incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

            "Rule 144" means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission  pursuant to
the  Securities  Act,  as such Rule may be  amended  from  time to time,  or any
similar  rule  or  regulation   hereafter   adopted  by  the  Commission  having
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

            "Rule 415" means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission  pursuant to
the  Securities  Act,  as such Rule may be  amended  from  time to time,  or any
similar  rule  or  regulation   hereafter   adopted  by  the  Commission  having
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

            "Securities  Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,  and
any successor statute.

            "Securities  Purchase  Agreement"  means  the  agreement  among  the
Company,  its  subsidiaries  and the  Purchaser  calling for the issuance by the
Company of $3,000,000 of convertible Note plus Warrants.

                                       2
<PAGE>

            "Trading  Market"  means  any of the NASD OTC  Bulletin  Board,  The
Nasdaq SmallCap Market,  the Nasdaq National Market, the American Stock Exchange
or the New York Stock Exchange.

            "Warrants" means the Common Stock purchase  warrants issued pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement.

      2. Registration.

            (a) On or prior to the Filing  Date the  Company  shall  prepare and
      file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the Registrable
      Securities  for an offering to be made on a continuous  basis  pursuant to
      Rule 415. The  Registration  Statement shall be on Form S-3 (except if the
      Company is not eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities
      on Form  S-3,  in  which  case  such  registration  shall  be on  another
      appropriate form in accordance  herewith).  The Purchaser understands that
      the Company is not  currently eligible to use Form S-3. The Company shall
      cause the Registration  Statement to become effective and remain effective
      as  provided  herein.  The  Company  shall use its  reasonable  commercial
      efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective under
      the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing  thereof,  but
      in any event no later than the  Effectiveness  Date. The Company shall use
      its  reasonable  commercial  efforts  to keep the  Registration  Statement
      continuously  effective  under the  Securities Act until the date which is
      the earlier date of when (i) all Registrable  Securities have been sold or
      (ii)  all  Registrable   Securities  may  be  sold   immediately   without
      registration  under the  Securities  Act and without  volume  restrictions
      pursuant  to Rule  144(k),  as  determined  by the  counsel to the Company
      pursuant  to a  written  opinion  letter  to such  effect,  addressed  and
      acceptable to the Company's  transfer agent and the affected  Holders (the
      "Effectiveness Period").

            (b) If: (i) the  Registration  Statement is not filed on or prior to
      the Filing Date; (ii) the Registration Statement is not declared effective
      by the Commission by the Effectiveness  Date; (iii) after the Registration
      Statement is filed with and  declared  effective  by the  Commission,  the
      Registration Statement ceases to be effective (by suspension or otherwise)
      as to all Registrable  Securities to which it is required to relate at any
      time prior to the expiration of the  Effectiveness  Period  (without being
      succeeded  immediately by an additional  registration  statement filed and
      declared effective) for a period of time which shall exceed 30 days in the
      aggregate per year or more than 20 consecutive calendar days (defined as a
      period of 365 days  commencing on the date the  Registration  Statement is
      declared effective);  or (iv) the Common Stock is not listed or quoted, or
      is suspended from trading on any Trading Market for a period of five (5)
      consecutive Trading Days (provided the Company shall not have been able to
      cure such trading  suspension within 30 days of the notice thereof or list
      the Common Stock on another Trading  Market);  (any such failure or breach
      being  referred to as an "Event,"  and for  purposes of clause (i) or (ii)
      the date on which

                                       3
<PAGE>

      such Event occurs,  or for purposes of clause (iii) the date which such 30
      day or 20  consecutive  day  period (as the case may be) is  exceeded, or
      for purposes  of clause (iv) the date on which such five (5) Trading Day
      period is exceeded,  being  referred to as "Event  Date"),  then until the
      applicable  Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount
      in cash,  as  liquidated  damages and not as a penalty,  equal to .5% for
      each thirty  (30) day period  (prorated  for  partial  periods) on a daily
      basis of the  original  principal  amount of the Note.  While  such  Event
      continues,  such liquidated damages shall be paid not less often than each
      thirty  (30) days.  Any unpaid  liquidated  damages as of the date when an
      Event has been cured by the Company  shall be paid  within  three (3) days
      following the date on which such Event has been cured by the Company.  The
      liquidated  damages paid shall be prorated  among the Holders based on the
      percentage  that the number of Registrable Securities held by them on the
      Event Date bears to the total amount of Registrable  Securities originally
      issuable under the Note and Warrant (adjusted for stock splits,  dividends
      ,  recombinations  of shares and similar events  occurring  after the date
      hereof) . The  provisions  of this Section shall be the sole and exclusive
      remedy for any breach or failure of this  Agreement  Based upon an Event,
      other than specific performance.

            (c)  Within  three  business  days of the  Effectiveness  Date,  the
      Company shall cause its counsel to issue a blanket  opinion  substantially
      in the form  attached  hereto as Exhibit A, to the transfer  agent stating
      that the shares are subject to an effective registration statement and can
      be  reissued  free of  restrictive  legend  upon  notice  of a sale by the
      Purchaser and  confirmation by the Purchaser that it has complied with the
      prospectus  delivery  requirements,  provided  that  the  Company  has not
      advised the transfer  agent orally or in writing that the opinion has been
      withdrawn  or that  sales  under  the  registration  statement  have  been
      suspended.  Copies of the blanket  opinion  required by this  Section 2(c)
      shall be delivered to the Purchaser within the time frame set forth above.

      3. Registration Procedures. If and whenever the Company is required by the
provisions hereof to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities under
the Securities Act, the Company will, as expeditiously as possible:

            (a) prepare and file with the Commission the Registration  Statement
      with  respect  to such  Registrable  Securities,  respond as  promptly  as
      possible to any comments  received from the  Commission,  and use its best
      efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become and remain effective
      for the Effectiveness Period with respect thereto, and promptly provide to
      the  Purchaser  copies of all  filings and  Commission  letters of comment
      relating thereto;

            (b)  prepare  and  file  with the  Commission  such  amendments  and
      supplements  to the  Registration  Statement  and the  Prospectus  used in
      connection  therewith as may be necessary to comply with the provisions of
      the  Securities  Act with respect to the  disposition  of all  Registrable
      Securities  covered  by  the  Registration  Statement  and  to  keep  such
      Registration Statement effective until the expiration of the Effectiveness
      Period;

                                       4
<PAGE>

            (c)  furnish  to  the  Purchaser   such  number  of  copies  of  the
      Registration Statement and the Prospectus included therein (including each
      preliminary  Prospectus)  as  the  Purchaser  reasonably  may  request  to
      facilitate the public sale or disposition  of the  Registrable  Securities
      covered by the Registration Statement;

            (d) use its commercially  reasonable  efforts to register or qualify
      the  Purchaser's   Registrable  Securities  covered  by  the  Registration
      Statement  under the  securities or "blue sky" laws of such  jurisdictions
      within  the  United  States  as  the  Purchaser  may  reasonably  request,
      provided,  however,  that the  Company  shall not for any such  purpose be
      required  to  qualify   generally  to  transact   business  as  a  foreign
      corporation in any jurisdiction where it is not so qualified or to consent
      to general service of process in any such jurisdiction;

            (e) list the  Registrable  Securities  covered  by the  Registration
      Statement  with any  securities  exchange on which the Common Stock of the
      Company is then listed;

            (f)  immediately  notify the Purchaser at any time when a Prospectus
      relating  thereto is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of
      the  happening of any event of which the Company has knowledge as a result
      of which the Prospectus contained in such Registration  Statement, as then
      in effect,  includes an untrue  statement  of a material  fact or omits to
      state a material fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary to make
      the statements  therein not misleading in light of the circumstances  then
      existing; and

            (g) make available for inspection by the Purchaser and any attorney,
      accountant  or  other  agent  retained  by  the  Purchaser,  all  publicly
      available,   non-confidential   financial  and  other  records,  pertinent
      corporate documents and properties of the Company, and cause the Company's
      officers,  directors  and  employees  to supply  all  publicly  available,
      non-confidential   information   reasonably  requested  by  the  attorney,
      accountant or agent of the Purchaser.

      4.  Registration   Expenses.   All  expenses  relating  to  the  Company's
compliance  with Sections 2 and 3 hereof,  including,  without  limitation,  all
registration  and filing fees,  printing  expenses,  fees and  disbursements  of
counsel and independent  public  accountants for the Company,  fees and expenses
(including  reasonable  counsel fees) incurred in connection with complying with
state securities or "blue sky" laws, fees of the NASD,  transfer taxes,  fees of
transfer  agents and  registrars,  fees of, and  disbursements  incurred by, one
counsel for the Holders (to the extent such counsel is required due to Company's
failure to meet any of its  obligations  hereunder),  are  called  "Registration
Expenses".  All  selling  commissions  applicable  to the  sale  of  Registrable
Securities,  including any fees and  disbursements of any special counsel to the
Holders  beyond those included in  Registration  Expenses,  are called  "Selling
Expenses" and shall be the responsibility of the Purchaser.  The Company shall
only be responsible for all Registration Expenses.

                                       5
<PAGE>

      5. Indemnification.

            (a) In the event of a  registration  of any  Registrable  Securities
      under the  Securities  Act  pursuant to this  Agreement,  the Company will
      indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser, and its officers, directors and
      each other person,  if any, who controls the Purchaser  within the meaning
      of the Securities Act, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities,
      joint or  several,  to which the  Purchaser,  or such  persons  may become
      subject under the  Securities  Act or  otherwise,  insofar as such losses,
      claims,  damages or liabilities (or actions in respect  thereof) arise out
      of or are based upon any untrue  statement or alleged untrue  statement of
      any material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which such
      Registrable  Securities were registered  under the Securities Act pursuant
      to  this  Agreement,   any  preliminary  Prospectus  or  final  Prospectus
      contained therein, or any amendment or supplement thereof, or arise out of
      or are based upon the  omission  or alleged  omission  to state  therein a
      material  fact  required  to be stated  therein or  necessary  to make the
      statements therein not misleading,  and will reimburse the Purchaser,  and
      each such person for any reasonable  legal or other  expenses  incurred by
      them in connection with  investigating or defending any such loss,  claim,
      damage, liability or action; provided,  however, that the Company will not
      be liable in any such case if and to the extent that any such loss, claim,
      damage  or  liability  arises  out of or is  based  upon  : (i) an  untrue
      statement or alleged untrue  statement or omission or alleged  omission so
      made in  conformity  with  information  furnished  by or on  behalf of the
      Purchaser or any such person in writing  specifically  for use in any such
      document;  (ii) relate to sales of  Registrable  Securities by a Holder to
      the person asserting any such losses, claims,  damages or liabilities,  if
      such  person  was not sent or given a  Prospectus  by or on  behalf of the
      Holder,  if required by law so to have been delivered,  at or prior to the
      written  confirmation  of the sale of the  Registrable  Securities to such
      person,  and if the prospectus (as so amended or supplemented)  would have
      cured  the  defect  giving  rise  to  such  losses,   claims,  damages  or
      liabilities or (iii) based upon the Holder's use of a prospectus  during a
      period when the holder has been  notified  that the use of the  prospectus
      has been suspended.

            (b) In the event of a  registration  of the  Registrable  Securities
      under the  Securities Act pursuant to this  Agreement,  the Purchaser will
      indemnify and hold harmless the Company,  and its officers,  directors and
      each other person,  if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of
      the Securities Act,  against all losses,  claims,  damages or liabilities,
      joint or several,  to which the Company or such persons may become subject
      under the  Securities  Act or otherwise,  insofar as such losses,  claims,
      damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are
      based upon : (i) any untrue  statement or alleged untrue  statement of any
      material  fact which was  furnished  in writing  by the  Purchaser  to the
      Company

                                       6
<PAGE>

      expressly for use in (and such  information  is contained in) the
      Registration  Statement  under  which  such  Registrable  Securities  were
      registered  under the  Securities  Act  pursuant  to this  Agreement,  any
      preliminary  Prospectus  or final  Prospectus  contained  therein,  or any
      amendment  or  supplement  thereof,  or arise out of or are based upon the
      omission or alleged  omission to state therein a material fact required to
      be  stated  therein  or  necessary  to make  the  statements  therein  not
      misleading,  and will  reimburse  the Company and each such person for any
      reasonable  legal or other  expenses  incurred by them in connection  with
      investigating  or defending  any such loss,  claim,  damage,  liability or
      action,  provided,  however, that the Purchaser will be liable in any such
      case if and only to the  extent  that  any such  loss,  claim,  damage  or
      liability  arises out of or is based upon an untrue  statement  or alleged
      untrue  statement  or omission or alleged  omission so made in  conformity
      with  information  furnished  in writing to the Company by or on behalf of
      the Purchaser specifically for use in any such document, or (ii) in
      connection  with a sale of  Registrable  Securities  for which the  Holder
      would not be entitled to  indemnification  pursuant under section 5(a)(ii)
      or  5(a)(iii).  Notwithstanding  the  provisions  of this  paragraph,  the
      Purchaser  shall not be  required  to  indemnify  any  person or entity in
      excess  of the  amount  of the  aggregate  net  proceeds  received  by the
      Purchaser in respect of Registrable Securities in connection with any such
      registration under the Securities Act.

            (c)   Promptly   after   receipt  by  a  party   entitled  to  claim
      indemnification  hereunder  (an  "Indemnified  Party")  of  notice  of the
      commencement of any action,  such Indemnified  Party shall, if a claim for
      indemnification  in respect  thereof is to be made  against a party hereto
      obligated to indemnify such Indemnified Party (an  "Indemnifying  Party"),
      notify the Indemnifying  Party in writing thereof,  but the omission so to
      notify the  Indemnifying  Party  shall not  relieve it from any  liability
      which it may have to such Indemnified  Party other than under this Section
      5(c) and shall  only  relieve it from any  liability  which it may have to
      such  Indemnified  Party under this  Section 5(c) if and to the extent the
      Indemnifying Party is prejudiced by such omission. In case any such action
      shall be brought  against any  Indemnified  Party and it shall  notify the
      Indemnifying  Party of the commencement  thereof,  the Indemnifying  Party
      shall be entitled to  participate  in and, to the extent it shall wish, to
      assume  and  undertake  the  defense   thereof  with  counsel reasonably
      satisfactory  to such  Indemnified  Party,  and,  after  notice  from  the
      Indemnifying  Party to such Indemnified Party of its election so to assume
      and undertake the defense  thereof,  the  Indemnifying  Party shall not be
      liable to such  Indemnified  Party under this  Section  5(c) for any legal
      expenses  subsequently  incurred by such  Indemnified  Party in connection
      with  the  defense  thereof;  if the  Indemnified  Party  retains  its own
      counsel, then the Indemnified Party shall pay all fees, costs and expenses
      of such counsel,  provided,  however,  that, if the defendants in any such
      action include both the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party and
      if counsel shall have  reasonably  concluded that there may be reasonable
      defenses  available to the Indemnified Party which are different from or
      additional  to  those  available  to  the  Indemnifying  Party  or if  the


                                       7
<PAGE>

      interests of the  Indemnified  Party  reasonably may be deemed to conflict
      with the  interests of the  Indemnifying  Party in either case which would
      prohibit  such counsel from  representing  both parties  under  applicable
      conflicts of interest rules of professional  ethics, the Indemnified Party
      shall have the right to select one  separate  counsel  and to assume  such
      legal defenses and otherwise to participate in the defense of such action,
      with the reasonable  expenses and fees of such separate  counsel and other
      expenses   related  to  such   participation   to  be  reimbursed  by  the
      Indemnifying Party as incurred. Neither party shall  settle any proceeding
      for which  indemnification  is sought  without the written  consent of the
      other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

            (d) In order to provide for just and equitable  contribution  in the
      event of joint  liability  under the  Securities  Act in any case in which
      either (i) the Purchaser,  or any officer,  director or controlling person
      of the  Purchaser,  makes a claim  for  indemnification  pursuant  to this
      Section  5 but it is  judicially  determined  (by  the  entry  of a  final
      judgment or decree by a court of competent jurisdiction and the expiration
      of time to appeal or the  denial of the last  right of  appeal)  that such
      indemnification may not be enforced in such case  notwithstanding the fact
      that this Section 5 provides for  indemnification  in such case (otherwise
      than as a result of the  provisions  on the last sentence of section 5(a),
      or (ii) contribution  under the Securities Act may be required on the part
      of the Purchaser or such officer,  director or  controlling  person of the
      Purchaser in  circumstances  for which  indemnification  is provided under
      this Section 5; then, and in each such case, the Company and the Purchaser
      will contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, damages or liabilities to
      which  they  may be  subject  (after  contribution  from  others)  in such
      proportion  so that the  Purchaser  is  responsible  only for the  portion
      represented  by the  percentage  that  the  public  offering  price of its
      securities  offered  by the  Registration  Statement  bears to the  public
      offering price of all securities  offered by such Registration  Statement,
      provided,  however,  that, in any such case, (A) the Purchaser will not be
      required to contribute  any amount in excess of the public  offering price
      of all  such  securities  offered  by it  pursuant  to  such  Registration
      Statement;   and  (B)  no   person  or   entity   guilty   of   fraudulent
      misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 10(f) of the Act) will be
      entitled to  contribution  from any person or entity who was not guilty of
      such fraudulent misrepresentation.

      6. Representations and Warranties.

            (a) The  Common  Stock of the  Company  is  registered  pursuant  to
      Section  12(b) or 12(g) of the  Exchange  Act and,  except with respect to
      certain  matters  which the  Company has  disclosed  to the  Purchaser  on
      Schedule  4.21 to the  Securities  Purchase  Agreement or otherwise in its
      Echange Act filings,  the Company has timely filed all proxy  statements,
      reports,  schedules,  forms, statements and other documents required to be
      filed by it under the  Exchange  Act. The Company has filed (i) its Annual
      Report on Form 10-KSB for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 and (ii)
      its Quarterly  Report on Form 10-QSB for the

                                       8
<PAGE>

      fiscal quarters ended in 2004 (collectively,  the "SEC Reports"). Each SEC
      Report was, at the time of its filing, in substantial  compliance with the
      requirements of its respective  form and none of the SEC Reports,  nor the
      financial  statements (and the notes thereto) included in the SEC Reports,
      as of their respective  filing dates,  contained any untrue statement of a
      material  fact or omitted to state a material  fact  required to be stated
      therein  or  necessary  to make the  statements  therein,  in light of the
      circumstances  under which they were made, not  misleading.  The financial
      statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply as to form in
      all material  respects with  applicable  accounting  requirements  and the
      published  rules and  regulations  of the  Commission or other  applicable
      rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial statements have
      been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting  principles
      ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except
      (i) as may be otherwise  indicated  in such  financial  statements  or the
      notes thereto or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements,  to the
      extent  they may not include  footnotes  or may be  condensed)  and fairly
      present in all material respects the financial  condition,  the results of
      operations  and the cash flows of the Company and its  subsidiaries,  on a
      consolidated basis, as of, and for, the periods presented in each such SEC
      Report.

            (b) Neither the Company,  nor any of its affiliates,  nor any person
      acting on its or their behalf,  has directly or indirectly made any offers
      or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under
      circumstances that would cause the offering of the Securities  pursuant to
      the Securities Purchase Agreement to be integrated with prior offerings by
      the Company for  purposes of the  Securities  Act which would  prevent the
      Company  from  selling  the Common  Stock  pursuant  to Rule 506 under the
      Securities Act, or any applicable  exchange-related  stockholder  approval
      provisions,  nor will the Company or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries
      take any action or steps that would cause the  offering of the  Securities
      to be integrated with other offerings.

            (c) The Warrants,  the Note and the shares of Common Stock which the
      Purchaser  may  acquire  pursuant  to the  Warrants  and the  Note are all
      restricted  securities  under  the  Securities  Act as of the date of this
      Agreement.  The Company  will not issue any stop  transfer  order or other
      order impeding the sale and delivery of any of the Registrable  Securities
      at such time as such Registrable Securities are registered for public sale
      or an exemption  from  registration  is  available,  except as required by
      federal or state securities laws.

            (d) The Company understands the nature of the Registrable Securities
      issuable  upon the  conversion of the Note and the exercise of the Warrant
      and recognizes that the issuance of such Registrable Securities may have a
      potential dilutive effect. The Company specifically  acknowledges that its
      obligation to issue the Registrable Securities is binding upon the Company
      and  enforceable  regardless of the dilution such issuance may have on the
      ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company.

                                       9
<PAGE>

            (e) Except for agreements  made in the ordinary  course of business,
      there is no agreement  that has not been filed with the  Commission  as an
      exhibit to a  registration  statement or to a form required to be filed by
      the Company under the Exchange  Act, the breach of which could  reasonably
      be expected to have a material  and adverse  effect on the Company and its
      subsidiaries, or would prohibit or otherwise interfere with the ability of
      the Company to enter into and perform  any of its  obligations  under this
      Agreement in any material respect.

            (f) The Company  will at all times have  authorized  and  reserved a
      sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the full conversion of the
      Note and exercise of the Warrants.

      7. Miscellaneous.

            (a)  Remedies.  In the  event of a  breach  by the  Company  or by a
      Holder, of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement,  each
      Holder or the Company,  as the case may be, in addition to being  entitled
      to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement,  including
      recovery of damages,  will be  entitled  to  specific  performance  of its
      rights under this Agreement.

            (b) No  Piggyback  on  Registrations.  Except  as and to the  extent
      specified  in  Schedule  7(b)  hereto,  neither the Company nor any of its
      security holders (other than the Holders in such capacity pursuant hereto)
      may include securities of the Company in any Registration  Statement other
      than the Registrable Securities,  and the Company shall not after the date
      hereof enter into any agreement  providing any such right for inclusion of
      shares  in the  Registration  Statement  to any of its  security  holders.
      Except as and to the extent specified in Schedule 7(b) hereto, the Company
      has not previously  entered into any agreement  granting any  registration
      rights with respect to any of its  securities  to any Person that have not
      been fully satisfied.

            (c)  Compliance.  Each Holder  covenants and agrees that it (i) will
      comply with the prospectus delivery  requirements of the Securities Act as
      applicable  to it in  connection  with  sales  of  Registrable  Securities
      pursuant to the  Registration  Statement and (ii) promptly  furnish to the
      Company all  information  required  to be  disclosed  in the  Registration
      Statement and Prospectus concerning such Holder (including  information in
      order to make the information  previously furnished to the Company by such
      Holder not misleading) and any other information regarding such Holder and
      the  distribution of such  Registrable  Securities as the Company may from
      time to time reasonably request.

            (d) Discontinued Disposition.  Each Holder agrees by its acquisition
      of such  Registrable  Securities  that,  upon receipt of a notice from the
      Company of the occurrence of a  Discontinuation  Event (as defined below),
      such Holder will forthwith  discontinue  disposition  of such  Registrable
      Securities under the


                                       10
<PAGE>

      applicable  Registration  Statement  until  such  Holder's  receipt of the
      copies  of  the  supplemented   Prospectus  and/or  amended   Registration
      Statement or until it is advised in writing (the  "Advice") by the Company
      that the use of the applicable  Prospectus may be resumed,  and, in either
      case, has received copies of any additional or  supplemental  filings that
      are  incorporated  or  deemed  to be  incorporated  by  reference  in such
      Prospectus or Registration Statement.  The Company may provide appropriate
      stop orders to enforce the provisions of this  paragraph.  For purposes of
      this  Section  7(d),  a  "Discontinuation  Event"  shall mean (i) when the
      Commission  notifies the Company  whether there will be a "review" of such
      Registration  Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on
      such  Registration  Statement (the Company shall provide true and complete
      copies thereof and all written  responses thereto to each of the Holders);
      (ii)  any  request  by  the  Commission  or any  other  Federal  or  state
      governmental  authority for amendments or supplements to such Registration
      Statement or Prospectus or for additional information;  (iii) the issuance
      by the Commission of any stop order  suspending the  effectiveness of such
      Registration  Statement covering any or all of the Registrable  Securities
      or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose; (iv) the receipt by
      the Company of any  notification  with  respect to the  suspension  of the
      qualification  or exemption from  qualification  of any of the Registrable
      Securities for sale in any jurisdiction,  or the initiation or threatening
      of any  Proceeding  for such purpose;  (v) the occurrence of any event or
      passage  of time that  makes the  financial  statements  included  in such
      Registration  Statement  ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement
      made  in  such  Registration  Statement  or  Prospectus  or  any  document
      incorporated or deemed to be incorporated  therein by reference  untrue in
      any material  respect or that requires any revisions to such  Registration
      Statement,  Prospectus  or other  documents  so that,  in the case of such
      Registration  Statement  or  Prospectus,  as the case may be,  it will not
      contain  any  untrue  statement  of a  material  fact or omit to state any
      material  fact  required  to be stated  therein or  necessary  to make the
      statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances  under which they were
      made,  not  misleading;  and/or (vi) the  occurrence  or  existence of any
      pending corporate  development  that, in the reasonable  discretion of the
      Board of  Directors of the Company,  makes it  appropriate  to suspend the
      availability of the Registration Statement and the related Prospectus.

            (e)   Piggy-Back   Registrations.   If  at  any  time   during   the
      Effectiveness  Period  there is not an  effective  Registration  Statement
      covering all of the Registrable Securities and the Company shall determine
      to prepare and file with the Commission a registration  statement relating
      to an  offering  for its own  account or the  account of others  under the
      Securities Act of any of its equity securities,  other than on Form S-4 or
      Form S-8 (each as  promulgated  under the  Securities  Act) or their  then
      equivalents   relating  to  equity  securities  to  be  issued  solely  in
      connection  with any  acquisition  of any  entity  or  business  or equity
      securities  issuable in  connection  with stock  option or other  employee
      benefit  plans,  then the Company shall send to each Holder written notice
      of such  determination  and, if within  fifteen days after receipt of such
      notice,  any such Holder  shall so request in writing,  the Company  shall
      include in such registration statement all or any part of such Registrable
      Securities such holder requests to be registered to the extent the Company
      may do so without violating  registration  rights of others which exist as
      of the date of this Agreement,  subject to customary  underwriter cutbacks
      applicable to all holders of registration  rights and subject to obtaining
      any required the consent of any selling  stockholder(s)  to such inclusion
      under such registration statement.

                                       11
<PAGE>

            (f)  Amendments  and  Waivers.  The  provisions  of this  Agreement,
      including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or
      supplemented,  and waivers or consents to departures  from the  provisions
      hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by
      the  Company  and  the  Holders  of a  majority  of the  then  outstanding
      Registrable Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent
      to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates
      exclusively to the rights of certain Holders and that does not directly or
      indirectly  affect the rights of other  Holders may be given by Holders of
      at least a majority of the Registrable  Securities to which such waiver or
      consent relates;  provided,  however, that the provisions of this sentence
      may not be amended,  modified,  or supplemented  except in accordance with
      the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence.

            (g)  Notices.  Any notice or request  hereunder  may be given to the
      Company or the Purchaser at the respective addresses set forth below or as
      may  hereafter be specified in a notice  designated as a change of address
      under this Section 7(g). Any notice or request hereunder shall be given by
      registered or certified  mail,  return receipt  requested,  hand delivery,
      overnight  mail,  Federal  Express or other  national  overnight  next day
      carrier (collectively, "Courier") or telecopy (confirmed by mail). Notices
      and requests  shall be, in the case of those by hand  delivery,  deemed to
      have been given when  delivered to any party to whom it is  addressed,  in
      the case of those by mail or  overnight  mail,  deemed to have been  given
      three (3) business days after the date when  deposited in the mail or with
      the overnight  mail carrier,  in the case of a Courier,  the next business
      day following timely delivery of the package with the Courier, and, in the
      case of a telecopy,  when  confirmed.  The  address  for such  notices and
      communications shall be as follows:

                                       12
<PAGE>

                  If to the Company:  AGU Entertainment Corp.
                                      3200 West Oakland Park Boulevard
                                      Lauderdale Lakes, Florida  33311
                                      Attention:   Chief Financial Officer
                                      Facsimile: (954) 714-8500

                                      with a copy to:


                                      Blank Rome LLP
                                      1200 North Federal Highway
                                      Suite 417
                                      Boca Raton, Florida  33432
                                      Attention:     Bruce C. Rosetto
                                      Facsimile:     (561)417-8186

                  If to a Purchaser:  To the address    set   forth
                                      under  such  Purchaser
                                      name on the  signature
                                      pages hereto.

                  If to any other
                  Person who is
                  then the registered
                  Holder:             To the address of such Holder as it
                                      appears in the stock transfer books of
                                      the Company

or such other address as may be  designated  in writing  hereafter in accordance
with this Section 7(g) by such Person.

            (h)  Successors  and  Assigns.  This  Agreement  shall  inure to the
      benefit of and be binding upon the  successors  and  permitted  assigns of
      each of the parties and shall  inure to the  benefit of each  Holder.  The
      Company  may not assign its rights or  obligations  hereunder  without the
      prior  written  consent of each  Holder.  Each  Holder  may  assign  their
      respective  rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as permitted
      under the  Notes  and the  Securities  Purchase  Agreement  with the prior
      written  consent of the Company,  which consent shall not be  unreasonably
      withheld.  No person shall have the rights of the Holder  hereunder unless
      they  have  executed  a  joinder  to the  Agreement  in a form  reasonably
      acceptable to the Company.

            (i) Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any
      number of counterparts,  each of which when so executed shall be deemed to
      be an original and, all of which taken together  shall  constitute one and
      the same  Agreement.  In the event  that any  signature  is  delivered  by
      facsimile  transmission,  such  signature  shall  create  a valid  binding
      obligation of the party  executing  (or on whose behalf such  signature is
      executed)  the same with the same  force and  effect as if such  facsimile
      signature were the original thereof.

                                       13
<PAGE>

            (j)  Governing  Law.  All  questions  concerning  the  construction,
      validity,  enforcement  and  interpretation  of this  Agreement  shall  be
      governed by and  construed  and enforced in  accordance  with the internal
      laws  of the  State  of  Florida,  without  regard  to the  principles  of
      conflicts  of  law  thereof.   Each  party  agrees  that  all  Proceedings
      concerning   the   interpretations,   enforcement   and   defense  of  the
      transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be commenced exclusively
      in the state and federal courts sitting in Broward County,  Florida. Each
      party hereto hereby irrevocably  submits to the exclusive  jurisdiction of
      the state and federal courts sitting in Broward County,  Florida, for the
      adjudication  of any dispute  hereunder or in connection  herewith or with
      any  transaction  contemplated  hereby or  discussed  herein,  and  hereby
      irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding,  any claim
      that it is not personally  subject to the  jurisdiction of any such court,
      that such  Proceeding is improper.  Each party hereto  hereby  irrevocably
      waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in
      any such  Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
      mail or overnight  delivery  (with  evidence of delivery) to such party at
      the  address in effect for notices to it under this  Agreement  and agrees
      that such service shall constitute good and sufficient  service of process
      and notice thereof.  Nothing  contained herein shall be deemed to limit in
      any way any right to serve  process in any manner  permitted by law.  Each
      party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by
      applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding
      arising  out  of  or  relating  to  this  Agreement  or  the  transactions
      contemplated  hereby.  If either  party  shall  commence a  Proceeding  to
      enforce any provisions of this  Agreement,  then the  prevailing  party in
      such Proceeding  shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable
      attorneys   fees  and  other  costs  and   expenses   incurred   with  the
      investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.

            (k) Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative
      and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

            (l) Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of
      this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,
      illegal,  void or unenforceable,  the remainder of the terms,  provisions,
      covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and
      effect and shall in no way be affected,  impaired or invalidated,  and the
      parties  hereto shall use their  reasonable  efforts to find and employ an
      alternative  means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as
      that contemplated by such term, provision,  covenant or restriction. It is
      hereby  stipulated  and  declared to be the  intention of the parties that
      they would have executed the remaining  terms,  provisions,  covenants and
      restrictions  without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
      invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

            (m) Headings.  The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of
      reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

                   [BALANCE OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK;
                             SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

                                       14
<PAGE>



      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this  Registration  Rights
Agreement as of the date first written above.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                    <C>
AGU Entertainment Corp.,                               Mitchell Entertainment Company, a Delaware limited
a Delaware corporation                                 liability company


By: /s/ David C. Levy                                  By: /s/ Johnathan E. Mitchell
   -----------------------------------------              -----------------------------------------
     David C. Levy                                          Jonathan E. Mitchell
     President and Secretary                                Manager


                                                       Address for Notices:

                                                       7220 NW 36th Street, Suite 100
                                                       Miami, Florida  33166
                                                       Attention:  Jonathan E. Mitchell, Manager
                                                       Facsimile:  (305) 591-9657

                                                       with a copy to:

                                                       Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                                       11601 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 2400
                                                       Los Angeles, California  90025
                                                       Attention:  Jonathan E. Mitchell
                                                       Facsimile:  (310) 473-0076
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A


                           [_______________ __, 2005]

Mitchell Entertainment Company
7220 NW 36th Street, Suite 100
Miami, Florida  33166
Attn:  Jonathan E. Mitchell, Manager

      Re:   AGU Entertainment Corp. Registration Statement on Form [S-1]
            -----------------------------------------------------------==

Ladies and Gentlemen:

      As counsel  to AGU  Entertainment  Corp.  , a  Delaware  corporation  (the
"Company"),  we have been  requested to render our opinion to you in  connection
with the resale by the  individuals  or  entitles  listed on Schedule A attached
hereto (the  "Selling  Stockholders"),  of an aggregate of  [AMOUNT]shares  (the
"Shares") of the Company's Common Stock.

      A Registration  Statement on Form [S-1] under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended  (the  "Act"),  with respect to the resale of the Shares was declared
effective by the Securities and Exchange  Commission on [DATE].  Enclosed is the
Prospectus  dated [DATE].  We  understand  that the Shares are to be offered and
sold in the manner described in the Prospectus.

      Based upon the foregoing,  upon request by the Selling Stockholders at any
time while the registration statement remains effective,  it is our opinion that
the Shares have been  registered  for resale under the Act and new  certificates
evidencing  the Shares  upon their  transfer or  re-registration  by the Selling
Stockholders may be issued without restrictive legend. We will advise you if the
registration statement is not available or effective at any point in the future.



                                      Very truly yours,

                                      [COMPANY COUNSEL]


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>v010420_ex10-7.txt
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.7

                        ENVIRONMENTAL INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

      THIS ENVIRONMENTAL INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this "Indemnity"), dated as of the
20th day of  December,  2004,  is made by AGU  ENTERTAINMENT  CORP.  ("AGU"),  A
DELAWARE CORPORATION,  THE TUBE MUSIC NETWORK, INC., A FLORIDA CORPORATION,  AND
PYRAMID  RECORDS  INTERNATIONAL,   INC.,  A  FLORIDA  CORPORATION   (hereinafter
individually  and  collectively  referred  to as "  Indemnitor"),  in  favor  of
MITCHELL  ENTERTAINMENT  COMPANY,  a Delaware  limited  liability  company,  its
successors and assigns, (hereinafter "Lender").

                                R E C I T A L S:

      Lender has agreed to make a loan to Indemnitor  in the original  principal
amount of Three Million and no/100 Dollars  ($3,000,000.00)  (the "Loan"),  upon
certain  terms  and  conditions,  which  Loan is to be  evidenced  by a  Secured
Convertible  Term Note of even date herewith  executed by Indemnitor,  as Maker,
for the  benefit of Lender,  as Holder (the  "Note"),  and secured by a Mortgage
Deed and Security  Agreement (the "Real Estate  Mortgage")  encumbering  certain
real property  located in Broward  County,  Florida,  and described as Exhibit A
attached hereto and incorporated herein (the "Property").

      Lender has agreed to make the Loan, provided, however, that as a condition
precedent  to the funding of the Loan,  Lender  requires  the  execution of this
Indemnity by Indemnitor.

      NOW  THEREFORE,  in  order  to  induce  Lender  to make  the  Loan,  which
Indemnitor  acknowledges  to be in the  best  interest  and to  the  benefit  of
Indemnitor, and in consideration of the matters described in the above Recitals,
and for other good and valuable  consideration,  the receipt and  sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, Indemnitor agrees as follows:

                                    AGREEMENT

      1. Recitals. The Recitals are incorporated herein by this reference.

      2. Definitions.  As used in this Indemnity, the following terms shall have
the following meanings:

      "CERCLA" means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C.  ss. 9601 et seq.), as amended by the Superfund
Amendments and  Reauthorization Act of 1986, and as further amended from time to
time.

      "Environmental   Laws"  means  all  present  and  future  laws,  statutes,
ordinances, rules, regulations, authorizations, judgments, decrees, concessions,
grants,   franchises,   agreements  and  other  governmental   restrictions  and
requirements,  as they  may be  amended  from  time  to  time,  relating  to the
environment  or to any  Toxic  Materials  or  Indemnified  Activity,  including,
without limitation,  CERCLA, and all rules, regulations,  orders and decrees now
or hereafter  promulgated  thereunder,  together with all statutes and rules and
municipal ordinances dealing with similar environmental matters.

                                       1
<PAGE>

      "Indemnified  Activity"  means  (A) any  actual,  proposed  or  threatened
location, use, manufacture,  storage,  holding,  existence,  presence,  release,
emission,  discharge,  generation,  processing,  abatement,  removal,  disposal,
handling or  transportation of any Toxic Materials from,  beneath,  into or onto
the Property or otherwise  relating to the Property or the Use of the  Property,
or any other activity or occurrence that caused or would cause any such event to
exist,  or  (B)  the  improper  installation,  maintenance  or  removal  of  any
underground  storage tank (an "UST") on, in, under,  or from the  Property.  For
purpose of this  definition,  "release"  means any spilling,  leaking,  pumping,
pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping
or disposing into the  environment,  including  continuing  migration,  of Toxic
Materials into or through soil, surface water or groundwater; such term does not
include  actions  directly  relating  to  incorporation  in a lawful  manner  of
building materials into a permanent improvement to the Property. For purposes of
this  definition,   "Property"  shall  be  deemed  to  include  the  air,  soil,
groundwater and surface water thereof.

      "Indemnitee"  means Lender and its  respective  subsidiaries,  affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders,  agents, attorneys, employees,  participants,
successors and assigns.

      "Loan Documents"  means the Real Estate  Mortgage,  the Note and any other
documents executed by Indemnitor and delivered in connection with the Loan.

      "Termination  Date"  means the date after  which  Indemnitor  ceases to be
either an owner or an operator of the Property,  as "owner" and  "operator"  are
defined in Section 101(20)(A) of CERCLA.

      "Toxic  Materials"  means,  at any time, (i) any "hazardous  substance" as
defined in ss.  101(14) of CERCLA (42 U.S.C.  ss.  9601(14)) (ii) any additional
substances  or materials  which at such time are  classified or considered to be
hazardous  or  toxic  under  any   Environmental   Laws;   (iii)   asbestos  and
asbestos-containing  materials;  and  (iv)  petroleum  and  petroleum  products,
including crude oil or any fraction  thereof,  natural gas, natural gas liquids,
liquefied natural gas, or synthetic gas usable for fuel, or any mixture thereof.

      "Use"  means  use,  ownership,  development,  construction,   maintenance,
management, operation or occupancy.

      3.  Covenants,  Representations  and Warranties of Indemnitor.  Indemnitor
covenants, represents and warrants as follows:

            (a) that (i) no Toxic Materials are or at any time shall be present,
generated,  manufactured,  treated, refined, reproduced,  processed, released or
disposed  of, in, on or  beneath  the  Property  or  transported  to or from the
Property; (ii) no activity is or at any time shall be undertaken with respect to
the Use of the  Property  which would  cause a  violation  of or support a claim
under any Environmental law; (iii) no UST or underground deposits are, or at any
time will be located on the  Property;  (iv) there are no surface or  subsurface
soil, water, mineral,  chemical or environmental  conditions which presently, or
with  the  passage  of time  will  (A)  require  reporting  to any  governmental
authority,  (B)  constitute  a nuisance,  a risk to human  health or safety or a
violation  of any  Environmental  Laws,  or (C)  otherwise  adversely  affect or
threaten to  adversely  affect the use and  operation  of the  Property;  (v) no
investigation,  administrative  order,  litigation or settlement with respect to
any Toxic  Material is threatened or in existence  with respect to the Property;
(vi) no notice has been served on Indemnitor from any entity,  governmental body
or  individual,  and  Indemnitor  has no  knowledge  or  reason to know that any
governmental  authority or employee or agent  thereof is or will be claiming any
violation  of  any   Environmental   Law,  or  requiring   compliance  with  any
Environmental Law, or demanding payment or contribution for environmental damage
or injury to any third  party or natural  resources;  and (vii)  Indemnitor  has
given no release  or waiver of  liability  that would  waive or impair any claim
based on Toxic Materials to a previous owner of the Property or to any party who
may be  potentially  responsible  for the  presence  of Toxic  Materials  on the
Property,  nor has Indemnitor  given any promises of  indemnification  regarding
Toxic Materials to any party;

                                       2
<PAGE>

            (b) that the  Property is and will only be utilized  for  commercial
purposes; and

            (c) that Indemnitor has duly  investigated  the present and past Use
of the  Property  and has  made due  inquiry  for the  appropriate  governmental
agencies and offices  having  jurisdiction  over the Property and Indemnitor has
examined or been advised of the  Environmental  Laws that are  applicable to the
Property,  and will provide  Indemnitee with a summary of its investigations and
copies of all inquiries and responses.

      4. Indemnity.  Indemnitor shall exonerate, indemnify, defend (with counsel
reasonably  approved  by  the  Indemnitee(s)),   save  and  hold  harmless  each
Indemnitee  from and  against  any and all  claims,  losses,  fines,  penalties,
judgments,  damages,  costs or expenses (including  attorneys' fees,  consultant
fees,  expert fees) and all other  liabilities to any third party arising out of
or resulting from the following:

            (a) Any Indemnified  Activity on the Property that Indemnitor or its
agents have  caused,  permitted or  contributed  to, or the failure of anyone to
comply with all  applicable  Environmental  Laws relating to the Property or the
Use of the Property,  which Indemnified  Activity or failure to comply occurs or
exists on or prior to the Termination Date;

            (b) Any  investigation,  inquiry,  order,  hearing,  action or other
proceeding by or before any government agency in connection with any Indemnified
Activity  by  Indemnitor  or  by  anyone  under  Indemnitor's   control,   which
Indemnified  Activity occurs or allegedly  occurs on or prior to the Termination
Date, or in connection with any Indemnified  Activity which resulted directly or
indirectly from any Indemnified  Activity occurring or allegedly occurring prior
to the Termination Date;

            (c) Any costs relating to any cleanup, remediation or other response
action concerning a release or threatened release of Toxic Materials on, beneath
or from the Property, whether or not such cleanup, remediation or other response
action  is  pursuant  to an order of any  federal,  state or local  governmental
agency;

            (d) Any inaccuracy of the  representations  and  warranties  made in
Section 3 above; and

            (e) Any claim,  demand,  liability or cause of action, or any action
or other proceeding, whether meritorious or not, brought or asserted against any
Indemnitee  which directly or indirectly  relates to, arises from or is based on
any of the matters described in clauses (a) through (d) of this Section 4 or any
allegation of any such matters.

      5. Payment of Indemnitees' Expenses.

            (a) Indemnitor  shall pay to each  Indemnitee all costs and expenses
(including the  reasonable  fees and  disbursements  of the  Indemnitee's  legal
counsel and the reasonable  charges of the Indemnitee's  internal legal counsel)
incurred by any Indemnitee in connection  with this Indemnity or the enforcement
of the terms of this Indemnity.

            (b)  Indemnitor  shall  pay when due any  judgments  or  claims  for
damages,  penalties or otherwise  against any  Indemnitee,  and shall assume the
burden  and  expense of  defending  all suits,  administrative  proceedings  and
resolutions  of any  description  with all persons,  political  subdivisions  or
government agencies arising out of the occurrences  described in this Indemnity.
If any action is brought against any Indemnitee,  Indemnitor at the Indemnitee's
sole option and at Indemnitor's  expense,  shall defend against such action with
counsel  satisfactory to the Indemnitee and, with the Indemnitee's  sole consent
and approval, settle and compromise any such action. However, any Indemnitee may
elect to be  represented  by separate  counsel,  and if the Indemnitee so elects
such separate counsel, any settlement or compromise by Indemnitor shall likewise
be effected  only with the consent of the  Indemnitee.  Indemnitee  may elect to
join and participate in any settlements,  remedial actions, legal proceedings or
other actions included in connection with any claims under this Indemnity.

                                       3
<PAGE>

            (c) In the event  that  payment  under  clauses  (a) and (b) of this
Section 5 is not made, Indemnitee,  at its sole discretion,  may proceed to file
suit against Indemnitor to compel such payment.

            (d) If amounts due to  Indemnitee  under clauses (a) and (b) of this
Section  5 are not paid  within  ten (10) days  after  Indemnitee  makes  demand
therefor,  then such amounts  shall bear  interest from the date of demand until
the date such  amounts are paid in full at the Default  Interest  (as defined in
the Note) rate.  The Default  Interest is intended to compensate  Indemnitee for
damages  Indemnitee  will  suffer  as a result  of  Indemnitor's  late  payment.
Indemnitor  agrees that such damages are  extremely  difficult  and practical to
ascertain,  but that the Default Interest shall be presumed to be reasonable and
to represent the actual amount of damages  sustained by Indemnitee  for any late
payment.  Any Default  Interest  which may accrue shall be  immediately  due and
payable.

      6.  Waiver.  Indemnitor  waives  any right to  require  that any action be
brought  against  Indemnitor  or any other person or that any  Indemnitee  first
pursue any other remedy under the Loan Documents or any of them. Each Indemnitee
may, at its option, proceed against Indemnitor [or Indemnitor] to collect monies
where due or obtain  performance under this Indemnity,  without first proceeding
against other  persons and without  first  resorting to the Note and Real Estate
Mortgage or any other remedy under any of the Loan Documents.

      7. Notices from Indemnitor. Indemnitor shall immediately advise Indemnitee
in  writing  of  (i)  any  governmental  or  regulatory  actions  instituted  or
threatened  under any of the  Environmental  Laws  affecting the Property or the
matters  indemnified  hereunder  including,  without  limitation,  any notice of
inspection,  abatement or noncompliance, and shall deliver to Lender within five
(5) days after  receipt or  origination  by  Indemnitor,  copies of any notices,
correspondence,  reports, analyses, licenses, approvals, orders or other written
materials  relating to the environmental  condition of the Property  immediately
upon receipt,  completion or delivery of such materials, (ii) all claims made or
threatened  by any third party against  Indemnitor  or the Property  relating to
damage, contribution, cost recovery, compensation, loss or injury resulting from
any Indemnified Activity, Toxic Material or UST, (iii) Indemnitor's discovery of
any occurrence or condition on any real property adjoining or in the vicinity of
the Property  that could cause the Property to be  classified  in a manner which
may support a claim under any Environmental Law, and (iv) Indemnitor's discovery
of any occurrence or condition on the Property or any real property adjoining or
in the vicinity of the Property  which could subject  Indemnitor or the Property
to any restrictions on  transferability  or Use of the Property under any of the
Environmental  Laws.  Indemnitor shall immediately deliver to any Indemnitee any
documentation  or records as such  Indemnitee may request in connection with all
such notices,  inquiries and  communications and shall advise such Indemnitee of
any subsequent developments.

      8.  Inspections.  In the event that (i) Indemnitor has notified  Lender of
the  occurrence  or  existence of any of the  conditions  described in Section 7
above, or (ii) Indemnitee reasonably believes that a past, present or threatened
release  of  Toxic  Materials,   or  past,   present,   or  threatened  improper
installation,  maintenance,  or removal of an UST, has occurred, is occurring or
will occur, or (iii) Indemnitee has commenced  foreclosure  proceedings  against
the Property,  then  Indemnitor  agrees that Indemnitee or its agents shall have
the right to enter the Property to perform a site inspection. Indemnitor further
agrees that  Indemnitee is required to give  Indemnitor  only  twenty-four  (24)
hours' prior notice,  except in an emergency  situation,  or if  Indemnitor  has
abandoned the Property,  or it is impracticable to give such notice,  in each of
which  cases  Indemnitee  shall  give such  notice as is  practicable  under the
circumstances, in Indemnitee's sole discretion.

                                       4
<PAGE>

      9. Remedial Work.

            (a) In the event any  investigation or monitoring of site conditions
or any  cleanup,  containment,  restoration,  removal  or  other  remedial  work
(collectively,  "Remedial  Work")  is  required  at the  Property  (i) under any
applicable  Environmental Law, (ii) by any judicial,  arbitral or administrative
order,  (iii) to comply with any agreements  affecting the Property,  or (iv) to
maintain the Property in a standard of environmental condition which presents no
risk to safety or  health,  prevents  the  release  of any  Toxic  Materials  to
adjacent  property  or the  presence  of any UST on or below  the  Property  and
otherwise is consistent with the prudent  ownership of property of the character
of the Property, Indemnitor shall perform or cause to be performed such Remedial
Work.  All Remedial Work shall be conducted (A) in a diligent and timely fashion
by licensed  contractors  employing only properly trained personnel acting under
the supervision of a consulting  environmental  certified professional engineer,
(B) pursuant to a detailed  written plan for the Remedial  Work  approved by any
public or private agencies or persons with a legal or contractual  right to such
approval, (C) with such insurance coverage pertaining to liabilities arising out
of the  Remedial  Work as is then  customarily  maintained  with respect to such
activities and (D) only following receipt of any required  permits,  licenses or
approvals.  Throughout the course of the Remedial Work,  Indemnitor shall submit
to Lender  promptly upon receipt or  preparation  copies of any and all reports,
studies, analyses, correspondence,  governmental comments or approvals, proposed
removal or other  Remedial Work  contracts and similar  information  prepared or
received by Indemnitor in connection  with the Remedial Work or Toxic  Materials
or UST's relating to the Property.

            (b)  Indemnitor  shall give  notice to Lender of any claim,  action,
administrative  proceeding (including formal proceedings) or other demand by any
governmental  agency or other third party involving any potential  Remedial Work
at the time  such  claim or other  demand  first  becomes  known to  Indemnitor.
Receipt  of any such  notice  by  Lender  shall  not be  deemed  to  create  any
obligation on the part of any  Indemnitee to defend or otherwise  respond to any
claim or demand.

      10. Indemnitee as Owner. If for any reason,  including without  limitation
the  foreclosure of the Real Estate  Mortgage or the exercise of any of Lender's
rights,  Lender (or any successor or assign of Lender)  becomes the fee owner of
the Property and any claim, action, notice, administrative proceeding (including
informal  proceedings)  or other  demand is made by any  governmental  agency or
other third  party with  respect to Remedial  Work at the  Property,  Indemnitor
shall cooperate with Indemnitee in any defense or other appropriate  response to
any such claim or other demand.  Indemnitor  shall have the right to participate
in the defense or other response to any such claim or demand; provided, however,
that  Indemnitee  shall have the right,  but not the  obligation,  to direct and
control the defense or response to any such claim or demand.  Indemnitor's  duty
to  cooperate  and right to  participate  in the defense or response to any such
claim or demand  shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise  modify  Indemnitor's
obligations under this Indemnity.  Lender shall give notice to Indemnitor of any
claim or demand governed by this Section 10; provided that Lender's liability to
Indemnitor's for Lender's failure to give such timely notice shall be limited to
the loss or damage  Indemnitor  may incur solely as a direct  result of Lender's
failure to give such notice.

                                       5
<PAGE>

      11.  Subrogation of Indemnity Rights. If Indemnitor fails fully to perform
its  obligations  hereunder,  Indemnitee  shall be  subrogated  to any rights or
claims Indemnitor may have against any present, future or former owners, tenants
or other occupants or users of the Property, any portion thereof or any adjacent
or  proximate  properties,  relating to the  recovery of costs  incurred for the
performance of Remedial Work at the Property.

      12. Recourse.  Indemnitor's  liability  hereunder shall not be subject to,
limited by or affected in any way by any  non-recourse  provisions  contained in
any of the Loan  Documents.  Indemnitor  agrees  that the  indemnifications  are
separate,  independent of and in addition to Indemnitor's undertakings under the
Note, are not secured by the Real Estate  Mortgage and other security  documents
securing  the Loan,  and are not intended to be  discharged  or satisfied by any
foreclosure  of the liens  created  by the Real  Estate  Mortgage  or such other
security  documents.  Indemnitor agrees that a separate action may be brought to
enforce the provisions of this  Indemnity  which shall in no way be deemed to be
an  action  on the  Note,  whether  or not  Indemnitee  would be  entitled  to a
deficiency judgment following a judicial foreclosure of trustee's sale under the
Real Estate Mortgage.

      13. Successors and Assigns.  This Indemnity and the indemnities  contained
herein  shall be  continuing,  irrevocable  and  binding on  Indemnitor  and its
successors  and assigns,  and shall inure to the benefit of each  Indemnitee and
its successors and assigns.

      14. Survival of Covenants,  Representations,  Warranties and  Indemnities.
All  covenants,  representations,   warranties  and  indemnities  of  Indemnitor
contained  in this  Indemnity  shall not be merged into the Loan  Documents  and
shall  survive  the  execution  and  delivery  of the  Loan  Documents  and this
Indemnity,  and shall  further  survive  the  satisfaction  of the  indebtedness
evidenced and secured by the Loan Documents,  including  without  limitation any
foreclosure or conveyance in lieu of foreclosure.

      15. Notices.  Any notices  contemplated  hereunder shall, unless otherwise
specified, be in writing and shall be (i) hand delivered, effective upon receipt
(ii) sent by United States Express Mail or by private overnight courier service,
effective  upon receipt,  or (iii) served by certified  mail,  postage  prepaid,
return receipt requested,  effective upon receipt, and in each case addressed to
the party receiving such notice at the address set forth in this Section,  or to
such other address(es) or address(s) as such party may have furnished in writing
to the other party hereto. The initial addresses are as follows:

         If to Indemnitor:          AGU Entertainment Corp.
                                    3200 West Oakland Park Boulevard
                                    Lauderdale Lakes, Florida  33311
                                    Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
                                    Facsimile: (954) 714-8500

                  with a copy to:

                                    Bruce C. Rosetto, Esq.
                                    Blank Rome LLP
                                    1200 North Federal Highway, Suite 417
                                    Boca Raton, Florida  33432
                                    Facsimile:  (561)417-8186

                                       6
<PAGE>

         If to Lender:              Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                    7220 NW 36th Street, Suite 100
                                    Miami, Florida  33166
                                    Attention:  Jonathan E. Mitchell
                                    Facsimile:  (305) 591-9657

                  with a copy to:

                                    Mitchell Entertainment Company
                                    11601 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 2400
                                    Los Angeles, California  90025
                                    Attention:  Jonathan E. Mitchell
                                    Facsimile:  (310) 473-0076



                                       7
<PAGE>

                                    Robert S. Barry, Jr., Esq.
                                    Loeb & Loeb LLP
                                    10100 Santa Monica Boulevard, Suite 2200
                                    Los Angeles, California  90067
                                    Facsimile:  (310) 282-2200

                                    Howard L. Friedberg, Esq.
                                    Katz, Barron etal
                                    2699 South Bayshore Drive, 7th Floor
                                    Miami, Florida 33133
                                    Facsimile (305) 285-9227


      16.  Governing Law. THIS INDEMNITY  SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONTROLLED AS TO
INTERPRETATION,  ENFORCEMENT,  VALIDITY,  CONSTRUCTION,  EFFECT AND IN ALL OTHER
RESPECTS BY THE LAWS, STATUTES AND DECISIONS OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA. INDEMNITOR
HEREBY WAIVES AS A DEFENSE TO THE OBLIGATIONS  CONTAINED  HEREIN THE DEFENSES OF
SPLITTING  OF CAUSES OF ACTION,  RES  JUDICATA  AND STATUTE OF  LIMITATIONS  AND
HEREBY COVENANTS NOT TO RAISE THOSE DEFENSES.  EACH VIOLATION OF SECTION 4 SHALL
GIVE RISE TO A NEW RIGHT OF  ACTION,  SEPARATE  FROM ANY  PRECEDING  VIOLATIONS.
VENUE SHALL LIE IN BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA.

      17.  Counterparts.   This  Indemnity  may  be  executed  in  one  or  more
counterparts,  each of  which  shall be  deemed  an  original,  but all of which
together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

      18. Severability. All provisions contained in this Indemnity are severable
and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision not affect or impair the
validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Indemnity.

      19. Headings. The descriptive headings of the paragraphs of this Indemnity
are  inserted  for  convenience  only  and do not  constitute  a  part  of  this
Indemnity.

      20. Relation to Real Estate Mortgage. The provisions of this Indemnity are
not intended to supersede the provisions of the Real Estate Mortgage  pertaining
to the matters addressed herein, but shall be construed as supplemental thereto.

      THE  INDEMNITOR  AND LENDER  HEREBY  MUTUALLY,  KNOWINGLY,  WILLINGLY  AND
VOLUNTARILY  WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND NO PARTY,  NOR ANY ASSIGNEE,
SUCCESSOR,  HEIR,  OR  LEGAL  REPRESENTATIVE  OF THE  PARTIES  (ALL OF WHOM  ARE
HEREINAFTER  REFERRED  TO AS THE  "PARTIES")  SHALL  SEEK A  JURY  TRIAL  IN ANY
LAWSUIT, PROCEEDING, COUNTERCLAIM, OR ANY OTHER LITIGATION PROCEEDING BASED UPON
OR ARISING OUT OF THIS INSTRUMENT,  OR ANY INSTRUMENT  EVIDENCING,  SECURING, OR
RELATING  TO  THE  LOAN  OR ANY  RELATED  AGREEMENT  OR  INSTRUMENT,  ANY  OTHER
COLLATERAL FOR THE LOAN OR ANY COURSE OF ACTION,  COURSE OF DEALING,  STATEMENTS
(WHETHER  VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS  RELATING TO THE LOAN.  THE PARTIES ALSO
WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO CONSOLIDATE ANY ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS BEEN WAIVED,
WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED.  THE PROVISIONS
OF THIS  PARAGRAPH  HAVE  BEEN  FULLY  NEGOTIATED  BY THE  PARTIES.  THE  WAIVER
CONTAINED HEREIN IS IRREVOCABLE,

                                       8
<PAGE>

CONSTITUTES A KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY WAIVER, AND SHALL BE SUBJECT TO NO
EXCEPTIONS.


                                       9
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this instrument has been executed by the undersigned
as of the date first set forth above.


AGU Entertainment Corp., a Delaware corporation

By: /s/ David C. Levy
   -------------------------------------
Name:  David C. Levy
Title:  President and Secretary



The Tube Music Network, Inc., a Florida corporation



By: /s/ David C. Levy
   -------------------------------------
Title:  President and Secretary
Pyramid Records International, Inc., a Florida
corporation

By: /s/ David C. Levy
   -------------------------------------
Name:  David C. Levy
Title:  President and Secretary


                                       10
<PAGE>

                                    JOINDER

      The  undersigned  guarantors  hereby join in the execution and delivery of
this  Environmental  Indemnity  Agreement  to  evidence  (a) their  joinder  and
agreement  as an  "Indemnitor",  jointly  and  severally  with AGU and the other
"indemnitors" listed hereon, and (b) that this Environmental Indemnity Agreement
is a "Loan  Document"  under the  Guaranty  Agreement  given by the  undersigned
simultaneously herewith.


      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this instrument has been executed by the undersigned
as of the date first set forth above.


- -------------------------------------


/s/ Jill Valentino                           By: /s/ David C. Levy
- -------------------------------------            ------------------------------
Jill Valentino                                   David C. Levy
- -------------------------------------


/s/ Jill Valentino                           By: /s/ Donna Levy
- -------------------------------------            ------------------------------
Jill Valentino                                   Donna Levy
- -------------------------------------


                                             By: /s/ Michael Solomon
- -------------------------------------            ------------------------------
                                                 Michael Solomon
- -------------------------------------


                                             By:
- -------------------------------------            ------------------------------
                                                 Luciana Solomon


                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>v010420_ex10-8.txt
<TEXT>

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PREPARED  BY/RECORD AND RETURN TO: Conrad J. Boyle,  Esquire,  Mombach,  Boyle &
Hardin, P.A., 500 East Broward Boulevard,  Suite 1950, Fort Lauderdale,  Florida
33394.
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                      MORTGAGE DEED AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

      THIS MORTGAGE  DEED AND SECURITY  AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of
the 20th day of  December,  2004,  by and between  AGU  ENTERTAINMENT  CORP.,  a
Delaware  corporation,  whose address is 3200 West Oakland Park Blvd, Lauderdale
Lakes,  Florida  33311  ("Mortgagor")  and CHARLEY  ZECHES,  in her  capacity as
Trustee of LAKES  HOLDING  TRUST U/A dated July 27, 2001,  whose address is 3200
West Oakland Park  Boulevard,  Florida  33311-1245,  its  successors and assigns
("Mortgagee").

                              W I T N E S S E T H :

      WHEREAS, Mortgagor has, simultaneously herewith, executed and delivered to
Mortgagee a Promissory Note (the "Note") of even date herewith, in the principal
amount  of  Seven  Million  and  00/100  Dollars  ($7,000,000.00),   payable  in
accordance with the terms and provisions as particularly stated in said Note, on
or before the  maturity  date set forth in the Note,  which Note by reference is
made a part hereof to the extent as though set out in full herein.

      NOW THEREFORE,  to secure the  performance and observance of all covenants
and  conditions in the Note and in this Mortgage,  and in all other  instruments
securing  the Note,  and as security  for any and all other sums,  indebtedness,
obligations and liabilities of any and every kind, now or hereafter,  during the
term  hereof,  owing and to become due from  Mortgagor to  Mortgagee,  or to the
holder of the Note, or to the assignees  thereof,  howsoever the indebtedness is
created, incurred, evidenced or acquired and whether said indebtedness is direct
or indirect,  absolute or contingent,  sole or joint,  primary or secondary,  or
evidenced by promissory  notes,  open  accounts or otherwise;  and all renewals,
modifications  or  extensions  of all or any of the  foregoing,  and  for and in
consideration of the sum of Ten and 00/100 Dollars ($10.00) paid by Mortgagee to
Mortgagor  this date,  and for other  valuable  considerations,  the receipt and
sufficiency  of which are hereby  acknowledged,  Mortgagor  does  hereby  grant,
bargain,  sell, alien, remise,  release,  convey,  assign,  transfer,  mortgage,
hypothecate,  pledge, deliver, set over, warrant and confirm unto Mortgagee, its
successors and assigns forever, certain lands lying and being situate in Broward
County, Florida, more particularly described as follows:

                       SEE EXHIBIT "A" APPENDED HERETO AND
                      MADE A PART HEREOF (the "Property"),

      TOGETHER WITH all buildings,  structures and  improvements of every nature
whatsoever  now  or  hereafter  situated  on the  Property,  and  all  fixtures,
machinery,  appliances,  equipment,  furniture  and  property  of  every  nature
whatsoever,  now or  hereafter  owned by  Mortgagor  and  located  in or on,  or
attached to, or used, or intended to be used,  in connection  with the operation
of the Property, buildings,  structures, or other improvements, such as, without
limitation, all apparatus, machinery, appliances,  equipment, radiators, ranges,
refrigerators, awnings, shades, blinds, incinerating equipment, power equipment,
engines, pipes, pumps, tanks, motors, conduits, switchboards, lifting, cleaning,
fire prevention,  fire extinguishing,  ventilating and communications apparatus,
boilers, vacuum cleaning systems,  elevators,  escalators,  screens, storm doors
and  windows,   stoves,  wall  beds,  attached  cabinets,   partitions,   ducts,
compressors, rugs and carpets, draperies, furniture and furnishings;

      TOGETHER  WITH all  building  materials  and  equipment  now or  hereafter
delivered to the Property and intended to be installed  therein  including,  but
not limited to, lumber, plaster, cement, shingles, roofing, plumbing,  fixtures,
pipe, lath, wall-heaters,  screens, window frames, glass doors, flooring, paint,
lighting fixtures, and unattached refrigerating,  cooking, heating,  ventilating
and air  conditioning  ducts,  appliances  and equipment,  kitchen goods,  hotel
goods, restaurant goods, bar goods, tools, lawn equipment,  floor coverings, and
elevators;

      TOGETHER  WITH all right,  title and  interest of  Mortgagor in and to the
minerals,  soil, flowers, shrubs, crops, trees, timber, and other emblements now
or hereafter on the Property,  or under or above the same, or any part or parcel
thereof;

      TOGETHER  WITH  all  easements,  rights-of-way,   streets,  ways,  alleys,
passages,  sewer rights,  waters,  water courses,  water rights and powers,  and
sanitary and storm sewer systems,  now or hereafter owned by the Mortgagor which
are now or hereafter located by, over, and/or upon the Property, or any part and
parcel  thereof,  and which  water  system  includes  all water  mains,  service
laterals,  hydrants,  valves and appurtenances,  and which sewer system includes
all  sanitary   sewer  lines,   including   mains,   laterals,   manholes,   and
appurtenances;  and all paving for streets, roads, walkways or entrance ways now
or hereafter  owned by Mortgagor  and which are now or hereafter  located on the
Property,  or any part or  parcel  thereof,  and all  estates,  rights,  titles,
interests,  privileges,  liberties, tenements,  hereditaments, and appurtenances
whatsoever,  in  any  way  belonging,  relating  or  appertaining  to any of the
property  hereinabove  described,  or which  hereafter  shall in any way belong,
relate or be  appurtenant  thereto,  whether now owned or hereafter  acquired by
Mortgagor,  and the reversion and reversions,  remainder and remainders,  rents,
issues  and  profits  thereof,  and  all the  estate,  right,  title,  interest,
property, possession, claim and demand whatsoever, at law, as well as in equity,
of  Mortgagor  of,  in,  and to the same,  including,  but not  limited  to, all
judgments,  awards of damages and  settlements  hereafter  made  resulting  from
condemnation  proceedings or the taking of the Mortgaged  Property,  or any part
thereof, under the power of eminent domain, or for any damage (whether caused by
such taking or otherwise) to the Mortgaged Property,  or any part thereof, or to
any rights  appurtenant  thereto.  Also,  all  architectural  building plans and
specifications and all abstracts of title relating to the Mortgaged Property;

                                       2
<PAGE>

      TOGETHER WITH all of  Mortgagor's  right,  title and interest as lessor in
and to all leases or rental  arrangements of the Property,  or any part thereof,
heretofore  made  and  entered  into,  and  in  and  to  all  leases  or  rental
arrangements  hereafter  made and  entered  into by or on behalf  of  Mortgagor,
together with all rents and payments in lieu of rents, together with any and all
guarantees of such leases or rental  arrangements  and including all present and
future security deposits and advance rentals;

      TOGETHER WITH all of  Mortgagor's  right,  title and interest as seller in
and to all  agreements for the sale of the Property,  the Mortgaged  Property or
any part  thereof,  heretofore  made and  entered  into,  and in and to all sale
agreements  hereafter  made and  entered  into,  by or on behalf  of  Mortgagor,
together with all deposits and payments in connection  therewith,  together with
any and all guarantees of such agreements, together with any and all receivables
now or hereafter due Mortgagor with respect to such agreements;

      TOGETHER WITH all of Mortgagor's  right,  title and interest in and to all
unearned  premiums accrued,  accruing,  or to accrue under any and all insurance
policies now or hereafter provided pursuant to the terms of security agreements,
and all  proceeds or sums  payable for the loss of or damage to (a) the Property
or personal property, or (b) rents,  revenues,  income, profits or proceeds from
service agreements or contracts, leases, franchises,  concessions or licenses of
or on any part of the Property;

      TOGETHER WITH all contracts and contract  rights and accounts of Mortgagor
now or  hereafter  arising  from  contracts  now or  hereafter  entered  into in
connection  with  development,  construction  upon, or operation of the Property
(including,  without limitation,  all warranties or guaranties by third parties,
all deposits held by or on behalf of Mortgagor,  and all management,  franchise,
license  and  service  agreements  related  to the  business  now  or  hereafter
conducted by Mortgagor on the Property);

      TOGETHER WITH all accounts, contract rights, goods, inventory,  intangible
personal  property,   permits,  licenses,  liquor  licenses,  and  all  personal
property,  whether  actually or  constructively  attached to, connected with, or
associated with the Property;

      TOGETHER WITH all of the right,  title and interest of Mortgagor in and to
any trademarks,  trade names,  names of businesses,  or fictitious  names of any
kind used in conjunction  with the operation of any business or endeavor located
on the Property;

      TOGETHER WITH all of Mortgagor's interest in all utility security deposits
or bonds on the Property or any part or parcel thereof;

                                       3
<PAGE>

      TOGETHER  WITH all  instruments,  documents,  chattel  papers and  general
intangibles relating to or arising from the foregoing  collateral,  and all cash
and non-cash proceeds and products thereof; and

      TOGETHER  WITH  all  products,  proceeds,  additions,   improvements,  and
accessions  thereto and  replacements,  renewals,  accessions,  or substitutions
thereto, in and to any of the items hereinabove set forth.

      Mortgagor hereby grants to Mortgagee a security  interest in all fixtures,
rights in action and personal  property  described  herein.  This  Mortgage is a
self-operative  security  agreement with respect to such  property,  even though
Mortgagor   agrees  to  execute  and  deliver  on  demand  such  other  security
agreements,  financing statements and other instruments as Mortgagee may request
in order to perfect  its  security  interest  or to impose the lien  hereof more
specifically upon any of such property. Mortgagor additionally hereby authorizes
Mortgagee  to  record  and file from  time to time  such  financing  statements,
amendment  statements,  continuation  statements  and such other  instruments as
Mortgagee  shall  require,  in its sole  discretion,  in order  to  perfect  its
security  interest provided  hereunder.  Mortgagee shall have all the rights and
remedies  in  addition to those  specified  herein of a secured  party under the
Uniform  Commercial Code (the "Code").  Mortgagor  shall,  from time to time, on
request of Mortgagee, deliver to the Mortgagee an inventory of all such articles
of personal property in reasonable  detail.  Mortgagor  covenants and represents
that all such  personal  property  now is,  and that all  replacements  thereof,
substitutions  therefor  and  additions  thereto,   unless  Mortgagee  otherwise
consents,  will be free and clear of superior  liens,  encumbrances  or security
interests of others.  Furthermore,  in the event of default,  the parties  agree
that,  in the event the  Mortgagee  should elect to proceed with respect to said
properties  under the Code,  five (5) days notice of the sale  thereof  shall be
reasonable notice.

      Without the  necessity of any further act of Mortgagor or  Mortgagee,  the
lien of and  security  interest  created  by this  Mortgage  Deed  and  Security
Agreement  automatically  will extend to and  include:(i)  any and all renewals,
replacements,  substitutions,  accessions,  proceeds,  products,  additions  and
after-acquired  property of any nature whatsoever attached to, located in or on,
or used in the  operation  of the  Mortgaged  Property or any part  thereof (and
Mortgagor  covenants and warrants  that it will have good and absolute  title to
all of the aforesaid  after-acquired  property free of any lien or encumbrance),
and (ii) any and all monies, proceeds and other property that from time to time,
either by delivery to Mortgagor or by any  instrument  (including  this Mortgage
Deed and  Security  Agreement),  may be  subjected  to such  lien  and  security
interest by Mortgagor or by anyone on behalf of  Mortgagor,  or with the consent
of Mortgagor,  or which  otherwise may come into the  possession or otherwise be
subjected to the control of Mortgagee  or  Mortgagor  pursuant to this  Mortgage
Deed and Security Agreement or any associated loan document.

      Additionally,  Mortgagor  hereby  assigns to Mortgagee all of  Mortgagor's
rights  and  interests  as lessor in any leases now or  hereafter  existing  and
affecting the Property  described  herein  together  with all rents,  income and
profits  due and  becoming  due  therefrom,  which  leases  shall be subject and
subordinate  to this  Mortgage  in all  respects.  In the  event of any  default
occasioning  acceleration under this Mortgage or the Note,  Mortgagor authorizes

                                       4
<PAGE>

Mortgagee to demand and collect all rents  accruing from the Mortgaged  Property
and apply the same to the  outstanding  indebtedness  and any payments thus made
and  applied  shall not cure any  default  or impair  the  Mortgagee's  right to
proceed with any legal  action to collect its entire  mortgage  debt.  Mortgagor
hereby authorizes  Mortgagee to give notice in writing of this assignment at any
time to any  tenant  whose  lease is  assigned  to  Mortgagee  by virtue of this
provision.  Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, Mortgagor shall have
the right to collect  said rents;  provided  however,  that even before  default
occurs,  no advance rent (other than one (1) month's advance rent and a security
deposit) shall be collected. Mortgagor further agrees to take no other act which
would impair or destroy the rights and benefits of Mortgagee hereunder.

      The Property and all of the foregoing items are  collectively  referred to
as the "Mortgaged Property".

      TO HAVE  AND TO HOLD  the  same,  with the  tenements,  hereditaments  and
appurtenances thereunto belonging unto Mortgagee.

      PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that if Mortgagor  shall  promptly pay or cause to be
paid to  Mortgagee  all sums  payable  under the  Note,  at the times and in the
manner  stipulated  therein,  all without any  deductions or credit for taxes or
other similar charges paid by Mortgagor,  as well as all future advances and all
other  sums  and  indebtedness,  obligations  and  liabilities  for  which  this
instrument is security,  and shall keep,  perform and observe all other promises
in the Note and any renewals,  extensions,  or modifications  thereof,  and also
provided  that if Mortgagor  shall  promptly  keep,  perform and observe all the
covenants and  conditions  in this Mortgage Deed and Security  Agreement and any
extension or modifications  thereof,  and in all other instruments  securing the
Note, to be kept,  performed or observed by Mortgagor,  then this Mortgage,  and
all the properties,  interest, and rights hereby granted,  conveyed and assigned
shall cease and be void, but shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.

                                   ARTICLE ONE
                             COVENANTS OF MORTGAGOR

      Mortgagor covenants and agrees with Mortgagee as follows:

      1.01 Performance of Note,  Mortgage,  and other Loan Documents.  Mortgagor
shall  perform,  observe  and comply  with all  provisions  of the Note and will
promptly pay to Mortgagee the principal and interest  thereon and all other sums
required to be paid by Mortgagor  under the Note when payment  shall become due,
all  without  deduction  or credit for taxes or other  similar  charges  paid by
Mortgagor,  and Mortgagor shall perform,  observe and comply with all provisions
of this Mortgage,  together with all other documentation  executed in connection
herewith.

      1.02 Warranty of Title.  Mortgagor is indefeasibly seized of the Mortgaged
Property in fee simple; that Mortgagor has full power and lawful right to convey
the Mortgaged  Property in fee simple as aforesaid;  that it shall be lawful for
Mortgagee  at all times  hereafter  peaceably  and quietly to enter upon,  hold,
occupy and enjoy the Mortgaged  Property;  that the Mortgaged Property and every
part  thereof is free from all liens and  encumbrances  except  for the  current
year's taxes which are not yet due and owing,  and that Mortgagor will make such

                                       5
<PAGE>

other and further  assurances to perfect the title to the Mortgaged  Property in
Mortgagee as may  hereafter be required;  and that  Mortgagor  does hereby fully
warrant the title to the Mortgaged Property and will defend the same against the
lawful claims of all persons  whomsoever.  For purposes of this Article,  record
notice  of any  title  defect  shall  not in any  manner  constitute  notice  to
Mortgagee of such title defect.  Mortgagor acknowledges that Mortgagee is acting
in  reliance  upon  the  above  warranties  and   representations  of  Mortgagor
concerning title to the Mortgaged Property.

      1.03 Zoning.  All  applicable  zoning  laws,  ordinances  and  regulations
affecting  the  Mortgaged  Property  permit the current use and occupancy of the
Mortgaged Property and, if applicable, the intended use to be made by Mortgagor.

      1.04 Taxes and Liens, and Utility Charges.

            (a) Mortgagor shall pay promptly,  when and as due (and on or before
such date so as to obtain the  maximum  available  discount),  and  shall,  upon
Mortgagee's  request,  promptly exhibit to Mortgagee receipts for the payment of
all taxes,  assessments,  rates, dues,  charges,  fines and impositions of every
kind whatsoever now or hereafter imposed, levied or assessed upon or against the
Mortgaged Property or any part thereof,  or upon or against this Mortgage or the
indebtedness  or other sums secured  hereby,  or upon or against the interest of
Mortgagee in the Mortgaged  Property,  as well as all income taxes,  assessments
and other  governmental  charges  levied and  imposed  by the  United  States of
America or any state,  county,  municipality,  borough or other taxing authority
upon or against  Mortgagor or in respect of the  Mortgaged  Property or any part
thereof, and any charge which, if unpaid, would become a lien or charge upon the
Mortgaged  Property  before  they  become  delinquent  and before  any  interest
attaches or any penalty is incurred.

            (b)  Mortgagor   shall  not  permit  or  suffer  any   construction,
contractor's, mechanic's, laborer's, or materialmen's statutory or other lien to
be created or to remain a lien upon any of the Mortgaged Property, which lien is
not released or terminated within thirty (30) days of the filing thereof.

            (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Mortgage,  Mortgagor
shall  have the right to  contest  any  taxes,  liens and  charges  provided  it
proceeds with due diligence and gives  Mortgagee  adequate  assurance by bonding
such  disputed  liens or by  depositing  the amounts of such  disputed  taxes or
charges with Mortgagee,  which deposited amounts shall be returned to Mortgagor,
upon  resolution  of such  contest and  evidence  satisfactory  to  Mortgagee of
Mortgagor's compliance with any determination thereof.

            (d) In the event of the passage, after the date of this Mortgage, of
any law deducting from the value of the Mortgaged  Property,  for the purpose of
taxation, any lien thereon, or changing in any way the laws now in force for the
taxation  of  mortgages  or debts  secured  by  mortgages,  or the manner of the
collection of any such taxes, so as to affect this Mortgage, or imposing payment
of the whole or any portion of any taxes,  assessments or other similar  charges
against the Mortgaged Property upon Mortgagee,  the indebtedness  secured hereby
shall immediately  become due and payable at the option of Mortgagee;  provided,
however,  that if any such law shall impose a tax upon Mortgagee or increase any

                                       6
<PAGE>

tax now payable by Mortgagee, such election by Mortgagee shall be ineffective if
prior to the due date:  (i) Mortgagor is permitted by law and can become legally
obligated to pay such tax or the increased  portion  thereof (in addition to all
interest and charges payable  hereunder and under the Note); (ii) Mortgagor does
pay such tax or increased portion;  and (iii) Mortgagor agrees with Mortgagee in
writing to pay,  or  reimburse  Mortgagee  for the  payment  of, any such tax or
increased  portion  thereof  when  thereafter  levied or  assessed  against  the
Mortgaged  Property or any portion  thereof.  The obligations of Mortgagor under
such agreement shall be secured hereby.

      The Tax and Interest  Escrow  Account as defined in the Note shall be held
in accordance with the terms and provisions of Paragraph 1.06 below.

      1.05 Insurance.  Mortgagor  shall obtain,  deliver to and maintain for the
benefit of Mortgagee  (and without  cost to  Mortgagee)  during the term of this
Mortgage,  with all  premiums  paid  thereon and without  notice or demand,  the
following insurance with respect to the Mortgaged Property:

            (a) If and as  applicable,  Mortgagor  shall obtain,  deliver to and
maintain for the benefit of Mortgagee an "all risks"  permanent hazard insurance
policy along with a flood insurance  policy,  if the Mortgaged  Property is in a
designated  flood  plain  area.  The policy or  policies  must be from a company
satisfactory to Mortgagee, must cover all risks (with full replacement coverage)
required to be covered by Mortgagee (such as, but not limited to, fire, extended
coverage,  windstorm,  sprinkler leakage coverage, if applicable,  theft, boiler
explosion  coverage,  if  applicable,  building  ordinance or law coverage,  and
vandalism coverage) and must be in an amount satisfactory to Mortgagee and in no
event  less  than the  amount  due under  the Note and  sufficient  to avoid the
application  of any  co-insurance  provisions,  must  include  provisions  for a
minimum thirty (30) day prior written notice to Mortgagee of any intended policy
cancellation  or  non-renewal,  and must designate  Mortgagee as a mortgagee and
loss payee.

            (b) Mortgagor shall obtain, deliver to, and maintain for the benefit
of Mortgagee (general comprehensive public) liability insurance (i.e. commercial
general  liability  insurance)  against  claims  for  bodily  injury,  death and
property damage occurring in, on or about the Mortgaged Property in such amounts
as may be required by Mortgagee but not less than Two Million and 00/100 Dollars
($2,000,000.00)  in the case of  bodily  injury  or death  to one  person,  Five
Million and 00/100  Dollars  ($5,000,000.00)  in any one  occurrence  and in the
annual aggregate, and Two Million and 00/100 Dollars ($2,000,000.00) in the case
of  property  damage.  The  general  comprehensive  public  liability  insurance
policies must be from a company  reasonably  satisfactory  to Mortgagee and must
include  provisions for a minimum of thirty (30) days advance  written notice to
Mortgagee of any intended policy  cancellation or non-renewal and must designate
Mortgagee as a mortgagee and an additional named insured.

            (c) If  required  by  Mortgagee,  and  otherwise  applicable  to the
business of Mortgagor,  Mortgagor shall obtain,  deliver to and maintain for the
benefit of Mortgagee,  Workers'  Compensation  Insurance in the statutory amount
naming Mortgagor as owner of the Mortgaged Property.

                                       7
<PAGE>

            (d) Mortgagor shall obtain,  deliver to and maintain for the benefit
of Mortgagee insurance coverage (and changes to the above  requirements)  during
the term of this  Mortgage  in such  amounts and to protect  against  such other
insurable  hazards,  casualties and  contingencies as may, from time to time, be
required by Mortgagee.

            (e) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Mortgage or the other
loan  documents  to the  contrary,  each  insurance  policy  required  hereunder
(liability,  casualty or builder's risk  insurance)  shall include  coverage for
acts  of  terrorism.  If  the  applicable  insurance  policy  excludes  acts  of
terrorism,  Mortgagor  shall be  required to purchase  separate  insurance  that
covers  acts  of  terrorism,  which  insurance  shall  be in  form  and  content
acceptable to Mortgagee, in its sole discretion.

      All  policies of insurance  required  hereunder  shall:  (a) be written by
carriers  which are licensed or authorized to transact  business in the State of
Florida and are rated  "B+"-Class XI or better according to the latest published
Best Key Rating Guide,  and which shall  otherwise be acceptable to Mortgagee in
all other  respects;  (b) provide that the Mortgagee  shall receive a minimum of
thirty  (30) days prior  written  notice  from the issuer  before  cancellation,
modification, material change or non-renewal of the policy; (c) provide for full
replacement;  (d) be written without a deductible provision and for such amounts
as are sufficient to prevent Mortgagor from becoming excessively self-insured or
a co-insurer thereunder; (e) contain no exclusion for acts of terrorism; and (f)
provide that Mortgagee be protected as a lien holder,  regardless of any actions
of  Mortgagor.  Mortgagor  shall  pay  promptly  when due any  premiums  on such
insurance policies and on any renewals thereof.  The form of such policies,  the
companies  issuing  them and the amount of coverage  which is required  shall be
acceptable to Mortgagee. Each policy, including policies for any amounts carried
in excess of the  required  minimum and policies  not  specifically  required by
Mortgagee,  shall be maintained in full force and effect, shall be assigned, and
the original policies delivered to Mortgagee with premiums prepaid. All policies
shall be endorsed  with a standard  mortgagee  clause in favor of  Mortgagee  as
first mortgagee, not subject to contribution or assessment.  If the insurance or
any part thereof  shall expire or be withdrawn or become void or  inadequate  by
Mortgagor's breach of any condition  thereof,  or become void or insufficient by
reason of the failure or  impairment  of the capital of any company in which the
insurance  may then be carried,  or if for any reason  whatsoever  the insurance
shall be unsatisfactory to Mortgagee, Mortgagor shall place new insurance on the
Mortgaged Property,  satisfactory to Mortgagee.  The original policies, with the
premiums  paid,  shall be delivered to Mortgagee  upon the execution  hereof and
renewal policies with the premiums paid shall be delivered to Mortgagee at least
thirty (30) days before  expiration of the old  policies.  In the event of loss,
Mortgagor will give immediate notice thereof to Mortgagee and Mortgagee may make
proof  of loss if not  made  promptly  by  Mortgagor  and  Mortgagee  is  hereby
appointed  attorney-in-fact for Mortgagor,  which appointment is coupled with an
interest,  to make  said  proof  of loss  and give a  receipt  for any  proceeds
collected  under such  policies.  Each  insurance  company  concerned  is hereby
authorized  and  directed  to make  payment  under such  insurance,  directly to
Mortgagee.  All such  policies  herein  are  hereby  assigned  to  Mortgagee  as
additional  security  for the payment of the  indebtedness  hereby  secured.  If
Mortgagee becomes the owner of the Mortgaged  Property,  or any part thereof, by
foreclosure or otherwise,  such  policies,  including all rights and interest of
the Mortgagor thereunder, shall become the absolute property of Mortgagee.

                                       8
<PAGE>

      The address of the  Mortgagee  under any  mortgagee  and loss payee clause
shall be set forth as follows:

                         Lakes Holding Trust U/A dated July 27, 2001
                         521 East Las Olas Boulevard
                         Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
                         Attn: Charley Zeches

      After the  occurrence of an Event of Default,  at the option of Mortgagee,
Mortgagor shall pay to Mortgagee,  together with the regularly scheduled payment
due under  the Note,  a sum equal to  one-twelfth  (1/12) of the  annual  amount
necessary to pay all insurance  premiums so as to keep all required insurance on
the Mortgaged  Property in full force and effect.  All monies thus paid shall be
held by  Mortgagee  without  interest  and in  accordance  with  the  terms  and
provisions of Paragraph 1.06 below.

      1.06 Escrow Account.  Mortgagor shall pay to Mortgagee,  together with and
in addition to the payment of  principal  and  interest  payable  under the Note
secured hereby, an amount  reasonably  sufficient (as estimated by Mortgagee) to
provide Mortgagee with funds to pay such taxes, assessments,  insurance premiums
(insurance  premiums  to  be  paid  only  if  required  by  Mortgagee  and  upon
notification from Mortgagee),  and other charges next due so that Mortgagee will
have  sufficient  funds on hand to pay the same at least thirty (30) days before
whichever of the following dates first occurs: (a) the date on which they become
past due; (b) the date on which there is any discount  loss;  or (c) the date on
which  there is  additional  interest  or  penalty  charged.  In no event  shall
Mortgagee  be liable for any  interest on any amount paid to it under any escrow
requirement herein (unless required by applicable law) and the money so received
may be held in a special  escrow  account  properly  designated for the purposes
designated above or may be commingled with the general funds of Mortgagee.  Upon
demand of Mortgagee,  Mortgagor shall deliver to Mortgagee,  within fifteen (15)
days after such demand, such additional sums of money as are necessary to enable
Mortgagee to pay the above noted impositions,  premiums and charges when due. In
the case of a default by  Mortgagor  hereunder,  Mortgagee  may apply any amount
under  this  paragraph  remaining  to  Mortgagor's  credit to the  reduction  of
principal or interest or any other charge due and owing hereunder, at such times
and in such a manner as  Mortgagee  shall  determine,  in its sole and  absolute
discretion.  Upon payment in full of the indebtedness  secured by this Mortgage,
the amount of any unused escrow funds shall be paid over to the person or entity
entitled to receive the same.

      1.07  Condemnation.  If all  or  any  substantial  part  of the  Mortgaged
Property shall be damaged or permanently taken through  condemnation (which term
when  used in this  Mortgage  shall  include  any such  damage  or  taking  by a
governmental  authority,  and any transfer by private sale in lieu thereof), the
entire  indebtedness  secured hereby shall,  at the option of Mortgagee,  become
immediately due and payable.  Mortgagee  shall be entitled to all  compensation,
awards and other payments or relief therefor. All such compensation,  awards and

                                       9
<PAGE>

other payments or relief therefor are hereby assigned by Mortgagor to Mortgagee.
Mortgagee may release any monies so received by it without affecting the lien of
the Mortgage or may apply the same in such manner as Mortgagee shall  determine,
to the reduction of the  indebtedness  secured by this Mortgage and then, if any
surplus remains after such application, such surplus shall be paid to Mortgagor.
Mortgagor  agrees to execute  such  further  assignments  of any  compensations,
awards and other payments or relief for any such  condemnation  as Mortgagee may
require.

      Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  however,  Mortgagee shall, at its option,
have the right to appear in and defend any condemnation suit in its own name.

      1.08  Care  of   Property/Restoration   Upon  Casualty  or   Condemnation.

            (a) Mortgagor shall preserve and maintain the Mortgaged  Property in
good  condition  and repair.  Mortgagor  shall not remove or demolish,  alter or
change the use of any  building,  structure  or other  improvement  presently or
hereafter  on the  Mortgaged  Property  without  the prior  written  consent  of
Mortgagee. Mortgagor shall not permit, commit or suffer any waste, impairment or
deterioration  of the Mortgaged  Property or of any part  thereof,  and will not
take any action which will materially  increase the risk of fire or other hazard
to the Mortgaged Property or to any part thereof.

            (b) Except as  otherwise  provided  in this  Mortgage,  no  fixture,
personal  property or other part of the Mortgaged  Property  shall be removed or
materially demolished without the prior written consent of Mortgagee.  Mortgagor
may  sell or  otherwise  dispose  of,  free  from  the  lien  of this  Mortgage,
furniture,  furnishings,  equipment, tools, appliances,  machinery,  fixtures or
appurtenances,   subject  to  the  lien  hereof,  which  may  become  worn  out,
undesirable  or obsolete  only if they are  replaced  concurrently  with similar
items of at least  equal value  which  shall,  without  further  action,  become
subject to the lien of this Mortgage.

            (c) Mortgagee  may enter upon and inspect the Mortgaged  Property at
any reasonable time during the term of this Mortgage.

            (d) Mortgagor will promptly comply with all present and future laws,
ordinances,  rules and regulations of any governmental  authority  affecting the
Mortgaged  Property or any part  thereof.  Mortgagor  reserves and maintains the
right if Mortgagor  deems any item referred to in this  Paragraph  1.08(d) to be
illegal,  improperly  applied or otherwise  inconsistent with the legal right of
Mortgagor,  to contest  and/or  litigate  such item so long as the  validity  is
contested by Mortgagor  with  diligence  and in good faith and with  appropriate
deposits,  if  required,  paid  in  escrow  with  the  Clerk  of the  Court,  if
appropriate,  so that  accumulation of penalties are avoided or, if not avoided,
an additional deposit  sufficient to cover all such penalties.  In the event any
payment  of the  whole of any  amount  due shall be  necessary  to  prevent  any
foreclosure on the Mortgaged Property, then Mortgagor shall pay all such amounts
in sufficient time to prevent any such foreclosure.

            (e) If the  Mortgaged  Property  or any part  thereof  is damaged or
destroyed by fire,  by  condemnation,  or any other cause,  Mortgagor  will give
immediate written notice of the same to Mortgagee.

            (f) Each property  insurance  policy shall provide that the proceeds
of  insurance  paid on  account of any damage or  destruction  to the  Mortgaged
Property,  or any part  thereof,  shall  be paid to  Mortgagee.  Mortgagor  also
acknowledges that all proceeds of condemnation (i.e.,  compensation,  awards and
other payment or relief  therefor)  have been assigned by Mortgagor to Mortgagee

                                       10
<PAGE>

(such  proceeds of  insurance  and  condemnation  are  hereinafter  collectively
referred to as the  "Proceeds").  Mortgagor shall promptly  deliver to Mortgagee
any Proceeds  which are paid  directly to  Mortgagor  by the casualty  insurance
carrier or by any governmental or quasi-governmental  authority. In the event of
damage or destruction to the Mortgaged Property or any portion thereof,  whether
insured  or  uninsured,  or if any  part  of the  Mortgaged  Property  shall  be
physically  damaged through  condemnation,  Mortgagor shall, as set forth above,
give immediate  written notice thereof to Mortgagee and Mortgagee shall have the
option,  in its sole  and  absolute  discretion,  to apply  any  portion  of the
Proceeds to the payment of the  indebtedness  evidenced by the Note, or to allow
all or any  portion of the  Proceeds to be used for the  restoration,  repair or
replacement  of the  Mortgaged  Property or  applicable  part thereof under such
conditions as may be established by Mortgagee.

      1.09 After Acquired Property. The lien of this Mortgage will automatically
attach,  without further act, to all after acquired  personal  property owned by
Mortgagor  located in or on, or  attached  to, or used or intended to be used in
connection with, the Mortgaged Property or any part thereof.

      1.10 Expenses. Mortgagor shall pay, or reimburse Mortgagee, for all costs,
fees,  charges,  taxes (including,  without  limitation,  documentary stamp tax,
intangible  taxes  (recurring  and  nonrecurring))  and  expenses of every kind,
including the cost of an abstract of title to said lands, found to be convenient
or expedient in connection  with any suit for the  foreclosure of this Mortgage,
and also including  reasonable  attorney's fees incurred or expended at any time
by Mortgagee because of the failure of Mortgagor to pay the Note as agreed or of
Mortgagor  to perform,  comply with,  and abide by all or any of the  covenants,
conditions  and  stipulations  of this Mortgage  and/or the other loan documents
evidencing or securing the Note, and in the  foreclosure of this Mortgage and in
collecting the amount due under the Note secured  hereby,  with or without legal
proceedings,  and to  reimburse  Mortgagee  for every  payment made for any such
purpose  with  interest  from date of every such payment at the Default Rate (as
defined in the Note);  such payments and  obligations,  with interest thereon as
aforesaid,  shall be  secured  by the lien  hereof.  Any  judgment  obtained  by
Mortgagee  against  Mortgagor  as to any  amounts  due  under  the  Note or this
Mortgage shall also bear interest at the Default Rate.

      1.11 Books and Records.  Mortgagor will keep complete books and records of
account in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently
applied ("GAAP") covering and relating to the Mortgaged Property and will permit
Mortgagee  or  Mortgagee's  agents,  accountants  and  attorneys  to inspect the
Mortgaged  Property and examine  Mortgagor's books and records as they relate to
the  Mortgaged  Property,  at  such  reasonable  times  as may be  requested  by
Mortgagee, and at Mortgagee's sole cost.

      1.12 Mortgagor as Lessor. Mortgagor shall faithfully perform the covenants
and  agreements  of  Mortgagor  as lessor  under any present  and future  leases
affecting all or any portion of the Mortgaged  Property,  and neither neglect to
do, nor permit to be done, anything which may diminish or impair their value, or
the rents provided for therein or thereunder.  Mortgagor  agrees:  (a) that said
leases shall remain in full force and effect  irrespective  of any merger of the
interest of the lessor and lessee  thereunder  and that it will not  transfer or
convey the title to the Mortgaged  Property or any portion thereof to any of the

                                       11
<PAGE>

lessees; (b) not to enter into any new lease agreement,  with respect to a 5,000
square foot or greater  portion of the  Property or with respect to a portion of
the Property which is less than 5,000 square feet, unless the rent payable under
such lease  agreement  represents the fair market value for the lease of a space
of similar size and character to the space rented under such lease  agreement or
terminate or materially modify or amend said leases or any of the terms thereof,
or grant any concessions in connection  therewith,  either orally or in writing,
or to accept a surrender  thereof  without the written  consent of the Mortgagee
and  that  any  attempted  execution  of  any  new  lease  or  any  termination,
modification,  or amendment of any lease or leases without such written  consent
shall be null and void;  (c) not to collect any  advance  rents other than first
and last month's  advance rent and a security  deposit;  (d) not to discount any
future  accruing rents,  except in the ordinary  course of business;  (e) not to
execute any other assignments of any lease or any interest therein or any of the
rents thereunder;  (f) to perform all of Mortgagor's covenants and agreements as
lessor  under said  leases  and not to suffer or permit to occur any  release of
liability  of the lessees,  or any rights of the lessees to withhold  payment of
rent;  and to give prompt  notice to  Mortgagee  of any notice of default on the
part of Mortgagor  with respect to said leases  received  from the lessees;  (g)
that none of the rights or remedies of Mortgagee  under this  Mortgage  shall be
delayed  or in  any  way  prejudiced  by  assignment;  (h)  notwithstanding  any
variation  of the terms of this  Mortgage or any  extension  of time for payment
hereunder or any release of part or parts of the lands conveyed  hereunder,  the
leases and benefits  thereby  assigned shall continue as additional  security in
accordance with the terms hereof;  (i) not to alter,  modify or change the terms
of any guarantees  with respect to the leases without the prior written  consent
of Mortgagee,  except in the ordinary course of business;  (j) not to consent to
any assignment of any lease or leases, or any subletting thereunder,  whether or
not in  accordance  with  their  terms,  without  the prior  written  consent of
Mortgagee,  except in the  ordinary  course  of  business;  (k) not to  request,
consent to,  agree to, or accept a  subordination  of any lease or leases to any
mortgage or other encumbrance now or hereafter affecting the Mortgaged Property,
except for this  Mortgage if  requested  by  Mortgagee;  (l) not to exercise any
right  of  election,  whether  specifically  set  forth  in any  such  lease  or
otherwise,  which would in any way diminish  the lessee's  liability or have the
effect of shortening the stated term of the lease, except in the ordinary course
of business; (m) not to sell, transfer,  assign, or remove any personal property
now or hereafter located on the Mortgaged  Property,  unless such action results
in  substitution or replacement  with similar items,  owned by Mortgagor and not
otherwise  encumbered,  of equal  value,  without the prior  written  consent of
Mortgagee;  and (n) not to enter into any new lease agreement with any operating
dry  cleaner  or  gasoline  service  station  or any  similar  type or  types of
establishment  without first obtaining the written  consent of Mortgagee,  which
may be withheld by  Mortgagee,  in its sole and absolute  discretion.  Mortgagor
shall procure and deliver to Mortgagee at the time of executing the Mortgage, or
at any time within thirty (30) days after notice and demand, estoppel letters or
certificates from each lessee, tenant or occupant in possession of the Mortgaged
Property,  as required by, and in form and substance  satisfactory to, Mortgagee
and deliver to Mortgagee a recorded  assignment of all the lessor's  interest in
such leases, in form and substance satisfactory to Mortgagee (in addition to the
assignment and mortgage  herein),  and proof of proper service of a copy of such
assignment  on each lessee,  either  personally  or by prepaid  certified  mail,
return receipt  requested.  All forms of lease,  rental or use  agreements  (and
amendments  thereto) for the Mortgaged Property,  or any part thereof,  shall be
submitted to  Mortgagee  for  approval  for lending  purposes  prior to becoming
binding  upon  Mortgagor,  unless  this  requirement  is  waived in  writing  by
Mortgagee.

      1.13 Environmental  Contamination/Hazardous  Wastes.  Mortgagor shall keep
and maintain the Mortgaged  Property in compliance  with, and shall not cause or
permit the Mortgaged Property to be in violation of, any federal, state or local
laws, ordinances or regulations,  including,  without limitation, those relating
to zoning,  building,  occupational safety and health,  industrial hygiene or to
the  environmental  conditions  on,  under  or  about  the  Mortgaged  Property,
including, but not limited to soil and ground water conditions.  Mortgagor shall
not use,  generate,  manufacture,  store or dispose  of, on,  under or about the
Mortgaged  Property or transport to or from the Mortgaged Property any flammable
explosives, radioactive materials, including, without limitation, any substances
defined as or included in the definition of "hazardous  substances,"  "hazardous
wastes,"  "hazardous  materials,"  and "toxic  substances"  under any applicable
federal or state laws or regulations (collectively, the "Hazardous Materials").

      Mortgagee,  at its sole option and at Mortgagor's  expense, may obtain, at
any time and from time to time  (but not more than once in any 12 month  period,
unless there exists reasonable  evidence of contamination of or at the Mortgaged
Property or in proximity thereof,  or the existence of Hazardous Materials at or
upon the Mortgaged  Property or in proximity  thereof) so long as any obligation
hereunder remains unsatisfied, an environmental assessment or audit certified to
Mortgagee from a reputable  environmental engineer of Mortgagee's choice for the
purpose of determining  whether the Mortgaged  Property has been or presently is
being  used  for the  handling,  storage,  transportation,  or  disposal  of any
Hazardous  Materials  and/or to determine the existence of any  contamination on
the Mortgaged  Property or violation of any  environmental  law at the Mortgaged
Property,  whether caused off-site or on-site and whether caused by Mortgagor or
a third party. Said  environmental  assessment or audit shall include a study of
the existing  surface and subsurface  conditions of the Property and an analysis
of the  soil,  including  sufficient  test  borings  to  determine  whether  any
contamination  exists.  Mortgagor  hereby  grants to  Mortgagee,  its agents and
contractors, an irrevocable license to enter upon the Mortgaged Property for the
purpose of conducting  any  environmental  testing  desired by Mortgagee,  which
license shall remain in place until this Mortgage has been  satisfied of record.
In the event  Mortgagee  requests such a report and said report  indicates  such
handling,  storage,  transportation,  or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, or
the existence of any contamination on the Mortgaged Property or violation of any
environmental law in connection with the Mortgaged  Property,  the same shall be
and  constitute,  at the option of  Mortgagee,  an Event of  Default  hereunder.
Mortgagee  may  require  that  all  violations  of law with  respect  to same be
corrected and that Mortgagor obtain all necessary  environmental  permits before
Mortgagee  shall  fund any  initial or  subsequent  advance  under the Note,  at
Mortgagee's sole option.

      Mortgagor shall  immediately  advise  Mortgagee in writing of: (a) any and
all enforcement,  cleanup,  removal or other  governmental or regulatory actions
instituted, completed or threatened pursuant to any applicable federal, state or
local  laws,  ordinances  or  regulations  relating to any  Hazardous  Materials
affecting the Property (the "Hazardous  Materials Laws"); (b) all claims made or
threatened  by any third party  against  Mortgagor or the  Property  relating to
damage, contribution,  cost recovery compensation, loss or injury resulting from
any Hazardous  Materials (the matters set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above
are collectively  referred to herein as the "Hazardous  Materials Claims");  and
(c) Mortgagor's discovery of any occurrence or condition on any immovable (real)
property  adjoining  or in the  vicinity  of the  Property  that could cause the
Property or any part thereof to be subject to any restrictions on the ownership,
occupancy,  transferability or use of the Property under any Hazardous Materials
Laws.

                                       12
<PAGE>

      Mortgagee  shall have the right to join and  participate in, as a party if
it so elects,  any legal proceedings or actions initiated in connection with any
Hazardous  Materials  Claims  and to have  its  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and
paralegal  charges and all costs  incurred in connection  with such  proceedings
paid by  Mortgagor.  Mortgagor  shall  be  solely  responsible  for,  and  shall
indemnify,  defend  and hold  Mortgagee,  its  directors,  officers,  employees,
agents, successors and assigns harmless from and against any loss, damage, cost,
expense or liability,  directly or indirectly  arising out of or attributable to
the use, generation,  storage, release, threatened release, discharge, disposal,
or presence of Hazardous  Materials on, under or about the Property,  including,
without limitation:  (a) all foreseeable consequential damages; (b) the costs of
any required or necessary repair, cleanup or detoxification of the Property, and
the preparation and  implementation  of any closure,  remedial or other required
plans;  and (c) all  reasonable  costs and  expenses  incurred by  Mortgagee  in
connection  with  subsections  (a)  and  (b),  including,  but not  limited  to,
reasonable attorneys' fees and paralegal charges.

      Without Mortgagee's prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld,  Mortgagor  shall  not take any  remedial  action in  response  to the
presence of any Hazardous  Materials on, under,  or about the Property nor enter
into any settlement agreement, consent decree, or other compromise in respect to
any Hazardous  Material Claims,  which remedial action,  settlement,  consent or
compromise  might,  in  Mortgagee's  reasonable  judgment,  impair  the value of
Mortgagee's  security  hereunder;  provided,  however,  that  Mortgagee's  prior
consent  shall not be  necessary  in the event that the  presence  of  Hazardous
Materials on, or under, or about the Property  either poses an immediate  threat
to the health,  safety or welfare of any  individual or is of such a nature that
an immediate  remedial  response is  necessary  and it is not possible to obtain
Mortgagee's  consent  before  taking such  action,  provided  that in such event
Mortgagor shall notify  Mortgagee as soon as practicable of any action so taken.
Mortgagee  agrees not to withhold  its  consent,  where such consent is required
hereunder,  if either (a) a particular  remedial action is ordered by a court of
competent   jurisdiction,   or  (b)  Mortgagor  establishes  to  the  reasonable
satisfaction  of  Mortgagee  that  there is no  reasonable  alternative  to such
remedial  action which would result in less  impairment of Mortgagee's  security
hereunder.

      Mortgagor  hereby agrees to indemnify  Mortgagee and hold  Mortgagee,  its
directors,  officers, employees, agents, successors and assigns harmless (except
to the  extent  caused by the gross  negligence  or  willful  misconduct  of the
Mortgagee) from and against any and all claims,  losses,  damages,  liabilities,
fines, penalties,  charges,  administrative and judicial proceedings and orders,
judgments,  remedial action  requirements,  enforcement actions of any kind, and
all costs and expenses  incurred in  connection  therewith  (including,  but not
limited to, attorneys' fees,  paralegal charges and expenses),  arising directly
or indirectly, in whole or in part, out of (a) any Hazardous Materials Claims or
(b) the presence on or under the  Property of any  Hazardous  Materials,  or any
releases  or  discharges  of any  Hazardous  Materials  on,  under  or from  the
Property,  or (c) any activity  carried on or undertaken on or off the Property,
whether prior to or during the term of this  Mortgage,  and whether by Mortgagor
or  any   predecessor-in-title   or  any  employees,   agents,   contractors  or
subcontractors of Mortgagor or any predecessor-in-title, or any third persons at
any time occupying or present on the Property,  in connection with the handling,
treatment, removal, storage, decontamination, clean-up, transport or disposal of
any Hazardous Materials at any time located or present on or under the Property.
The foregoing indemnity shall further apply to any residual  contamination on or
under the Property, or affecting any natural resources, and to any contamination
of any property or natural  resources arising in connection with the generation,
use, handling,  storage,  transport or disposal of any such Hazardous Materials,
and irrespective of whether any of such activities were or will be undertaken in
accordance with applicable laws, regulations, codes and ordinances.

                                       13
<PAGE>

      Mortgagor agrees at all times to comply fully and in a timely manner,  and
to cause all tenants,  employees,  agents,  contractors  and  subcontractors  of
Mortgagor  and any other  persons  occupying  or present on the  Property  to so
comply,  with  all  applicable  federal,  state  and  local  laws,  regulations,
guidelines,  codes and ordinances  applicable to the use, generation,  handling,
storage,  treatment,  transport and disposal of any  Hazardous  Materials now or
hereafter  located or present on or under the Property,  and Mortgagor agrees to
indemnify,  defend  and hold  Mortgagee,  its  directors,  officers,  employees,
agents,  successors  and assigns,  harmless from and against any and all claims,
losses,  damages,  liabilities,  fines, penalties,  charges,  administrative and
judicial  proceedings  and  orders,  judgments,  remedial  action  requirements,
enforcement  actions  of any  kind,  and all  costs  and  expenses  incurred  in
connection therewith (including,  but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees,
paralegal charges and expenses),  arising directly or indirectly, in whole or in
part,  from  any  failure  of  Mortgagor,   its  tenants,   employees,   agents,
contractors, subcontractors or other such persons, to comply with any such laws,
regulations, guidelines, codes or ordinances.

      The  obligations  of Mortgagor  to  indemnify,  defend and hold  Mortgagee
harmless  under this section shall survive any  foreclosure  of this Mortgage or
any transfer of the Property  whatsoever and repayment of the loan(s) secured by
this Mortgage.

      1.14 Mortgagee's Right to Perform Upon Defaults of Mortgagor. If Mortgagor
defaults in the payment of any tax, assessment, encumbrance or other imposition,
in its  obligation to furnish  insurance  hereunder,  or in the  performance  or
observance of any other covenant,  condition or term in this Mortgage, Mortgagee
may, at its option,  perform or observe the same  without  waiving any rights it
may have hereunder,  and all payments made (whether such payments are regular or
accelerated  payments)  and costs and expenses  incurred or paid by Mortgagee in
connection  therewith shall become due and payable  immediately.  The amounts so
incurred or paid by Mortgagee,  together  with  interest  thereon at the maximum
rate permitted by applicable law from the date incurred until paid by Mortgagor,
shall be added to the  indebtedness  and  secured by the lien of this  Mortgage.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as requiring Mortgagee to advance or
expend  monies for any purposes  mentioned in this  paragraph,  or for any other
purpose. Mortgagee is hereby empowered to enter and to authorize others to enter
upon the Mortgaged Property or any part thereof for the purpose of performing or
observing  any such  defaulted  covenant,  condition or terms,  without  thereby
becoming  liable  to  Mortgagor  or  any  person  in  possession  holding  under
Mortgagor.

                                       14
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE TWO
                                    DEFAULTS

      2.01 Event of Default.  The term "Event of Default"  wherever used in this
Mortgage, shall mean any one or more of the following events:

            (a)  failure  by  Mortgagor  to pay  when  due any  installments  of
principal or interest as required  under the Note or any other default under the
terms and  provisions  of the Note or failure by Mortgagor to pay, when due, any
tax deposits, taxes, assessments,  liens, charges,  insurance premiums or to pay
said sums into the escrow account, if required hereunder; or

            (b) failure by Mortgagor to duly keep, perform and observe any other
covenant, condition or agreement in this Mortgage, any other instrument securing
the Note or any other  instrument  or loan  document  collateral  to the Note or
executed in connection with the sums secured hereby,  subject to the Cure Period
as set forth in the Note; or

            (c) the  commencement of levy,  execution or attachment  proceedings
against  Mortgagor,  or the  application  for or  appointment  of a  liquidator,
receiver,  custodian,  sequestrator,  conservator,  trustee,  or  other  similar
judicial officer; or

            (d) the insolvency in the bankruptcy or equity sense,  of Mortgagor;
or

            (e) the assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the admission in
writing of an  inability  to pay any debts  generally as they become due, or the
ordering, the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, by Mortgagor; or

            (f)  the  commencement  of  a  case  against  Mortgagor,  under  any
insolvency,  bankruptcy,  creditor adjustment,  debtor rehabilitation or similar
laws,  state or federal,  or the  determination by any of them to request relief
under any insolvency,  bankruptcy, creditor adjustment, debtor rehabilitation or
similar proceeding, state or federal, including, without limitation, the consent
by any of  them  to the  appointment  of or  taking  possession  by a  receiver,
liquidator,  assignee, trustee, custodian,  sequestrator or similar official for
it or for any of its respective property or assets; or

            (g)  failure  to comply  with the  specific  prohibitions  contained
herein; or

            (h) if any warranty or representation of Mortgagor  contained herein
or  contained  in any of the  associated  loan  documents  prove to be untrue or
misleading in any material respect; or

            (i) if the  Mortgaged  Property  is subject to actual or  threatened
waste, or any part thereof, be removed, demolished or materially altered so that
the value of the Mortgaged Property is diminished; or

            (j) if any  federal  or state tax lien or claim of lien for labor or
material is filed of record against  Mortgagor or the Mortgaged  Property and is
not removed by payment or transfer of lien to bond within  thirty (30) days from
the date of recording; or

                                       15
<PAGE>

            (k) if foreclosure  proceedings  (whether  judicial or otherwise) be
instituted on any mortgage or any lien of any kind secured by any portion of the
Mortgaged Property; or

            (l) if Mortgagor  defaults under any other loan made by Mortgagee to
Mortgagor; or

            (m) the  incurrence of any additional  indebtedness,  secured by any
interest in the Property,  without the prior written consent of Mortgagee, which
consent shall be in the sole and absolute discretion of Mortgagee.

      2.02  Acceleration  of Maturity.  If default be made in the payment of the
principal sum or any installment  thereof or any interest thereon as provided in
the Note or if an Event of Default as defined  herein  occurs,  then, in any and
all such events,  the entire principal amount of the Note with all interest then
accrued thereon shall, at the option of Mortgagee and without notice  (Mortgagor
hereby  expressly  waives  notice of any such  default),  become  and be due and
payable.

      2.03  Mortgagee's  Right to Enter and Take  Possession,  Operate and Apply
Income.

            (a) If an Event of Default  shall  have  occurred,  Mortgagor,  upon
demand  of  Mortgagee,   shall  forthwith  surrender  to  Mortgagee  the  actual
possession and, if and to the extent permitted by law,  Mortgagee  itself, or by
such officers or agents as it may appoint,  may enter and take possession of all
of the  Mortgaged  Property,  and  may  exclude  Mortgagor  and its  agents  and
employees  wholly  therefrom,  and may have joint  access with  Mortgagor to the
books, papers and accounts of Mortgagor.

            (b) If  Mortgagor  shall for any reason fail to surrender or deliver
the Mortgaged Property or any part thereof after Mortgagee's  demand,  Mortgagee
may obtain a judgment or decree  conferring  on Mortgagee the right to immediate
possession or requiring Mortgagor to deliver immediate possession of all or part
of the Mortgaged Property to Mortgagee, to the entry of which judgment or decree
Mortgagor hereby specifically consents.  Mortgagor shall pay to Mortgagee,  upon
demand,  all costs  and  expenses  of  obtaining  such  judgment  or decree  and
reasonable  compensation  to Mortgagee,  its attorneys and agents,  and all such
costs,  expenses and  compensation  shall,  until paid,  accrue  interest at the
maximum rate permissible under applicable law and be secured by the lien of this
Mortgage.

            (c) Upon every such entering upon or taking of possession, Mortgagee
may, without  limitation,  hold,  store,  use,  operate,  manage and control the
Mortgaged Property and conduct the business thereof and, from time to time:

                           (i)      make all necessary  and proper  maintenance,
                                    repairs, renewals, replacements,  additions,
                                    betterments  and  improvements  thereto  and
                                    thereon and  purchase or  otherwise  acquire
                                    additional  fixtures,  personalty  and other
                                    property;

                           (ii)     insure  or  keep  the   Mortgaged   Property
                                    insured;

                                       16
<PAGE>

                           (iii)    manage and  operate the  Mortgaged  Property
                                    and  exercise  all the  rights and powers of
                                    Mortgagor  in its  name or  otherwise,  with
                                    respect to the same;

                           (iv)     enter  into   agreements   with   others  to
                                    exercise   the   powers    herein    granted
                                    Mortgagee; and

                           (v)      receive  reasonable   compensation  for  its
                                    service and  reimbursement  of its  expenses
                                    necessarily incurred;

all as Mortgagee from time to time may determine;  and, in connection therewith,
Mortgagor shall  indemnify,  defend and hold Mortgagee  harmless of and from any
and all claims, expenses, demands and/or liability arising therefrom.  Mortgagee
may collect and receive all the income,  revenues,  rents, issues and profits of
the same,  including  those past due as well as those accruing  thereafter;  and
shall apply the monies so received by  Mortgagee  in such  priority as Mortgagee
may  determine  to (1) the payment of accrued  interest on the Note,  (2) to the
payment of overdue  installments  of  principal,  (3) the deposits for taxes and
assessments  due, (4) fees,  charges,  expenses and interest paid and/or accrued
hereunder,  (5) to the cost of insurance,  taxes,  assessments  and other proper
charges upon the Mortgaged  Property or any part thereof  including  repairs and
maintenance thereof, and (6) reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements
of Mortgagee, its agents, attorneys and other representatives.

      2.04  Appointment of Receiver.  In addition to  Mortgagee's  right to take
possession  of and operate the Property,  as set forth above,  either in lieu of
Mortgagee  taking the above set forth actions,  or before taking such action and
not in lieu of Mortgagee  ultimately taking such actions, or after Mortgagee has
already  proceeded  under the terms and  provisions  of  Paragraph  2.03 hereof,
Mortgagee shall be entitled to the appointment of a receiver, in accordance with
the following terms and provisions:

            (a) If at any time, in the  discretion of Mortgagee,  a receivership
may be necessary to protect the Mortgaged Property or the security of Mortgagee,
whether before or after maturity of the Note and any other indebtedness  secured
by this Mortgage,  or at the time of or after the institution of suit to collect
the Note and any other  indebtedness  secured  by this  Mortgage  or to  enforce
and/or foreclose this Mortgage, Mortgagee shall, as a matter of strict right and
regardless of the value of the security for the amounts due hereunder or secured
hereby or of the solvency of any party bound for the payment of the Note and any
other indebtedness secured hereunder,  have the right to the appointment,  on ex
parte  application  and  without  notice  to  Mortgagor,  by  any  court  having
jurisdiction,  of a receiver to take charge of,  manage,  preserve,  protect and
operate the Property and any business or businesses located thereon,  to collect
the rents, issues,  proceeds,  profits and income thereon, to make all necessary
and needed repairs,  to complete the construction of any improvements  which has
been undertaken but not completed,  and to pay all taxes and assessments against
the Mortgaged  Property and insurance  premiums for insurance  thereon and after
the payment of the expenses of the receivership, including reasonable attorney's

                                       17
<PAGE>

fees to  Mortgagee's  attorney,  and after  compensation  for  management of the
Mortgaged  Property,  to apply the net proceeds in reduction of all indebtedness
hereby  secured or in such manner as the court shall  direct.  All such expenses
shall be secured  by the lien of this  Mortgage  until  paid.  Mortgagor  hereby
specifically  waives the right to object to the  appointment  of a receiver  and
hereby  expressly  consents that such  appointment  shall be made as an admitted
equity and as a matter of absolute right of Mortgagee.

            (b) The  receiver or its agents  shall be entitled to enter upon and
take possession of any and all of the Mortgaged Property,  together with any and
all  businesses  conducted  thereon and all  business  assets used  therewith or
thereon,  or any part or parts thereof,  and to operate and conduct the business
or businesses, or complete construction of improvements,  to the same extent and
in the same manner as Mortgagor  might lawfully do. The receiver,  personally or
through its agents or attorneys,  may exclude  Mortgagor  and its  subsidiaries,
agents,  servants and employees  wholly from the Mortgaged  Property,  and have,
hold, use, operate, manage and control the same and each and every part thereof,
and in the name of Mortgagor, its subsidiaries, or agents, exercise all of their
rights  and  powers  and use all of the  then  existing  items of  security  and
collateral,  materials,  current supplies, stores and assets and, at the expense
of  Mortgagor,  maintain,  restore,  complete  construction  of, insure and keep
insured, the properties,  equipment,  and apparatus provided or required for use
in connection with such business or businesses,  and make all such necessary and
proper  repairs,  renewals  and  replacements  and all such useful  alterations,
additions, betterments and improvements as the receiver may deem judicious.

                  (c) Such  receivership  shall,  at the  option  of  Mortgagee,
continue  until full payment of the Note and all other sums hereby  secured,  or
until title to the  Property  shall have passed by  foreclosure  sale under this
Mortgage.

      2.05 Mortgagee's  Power of Enforcement.  If an Event of Default shall have
occurred,  Mortgagee may,  either with or without entry or taking  possession as
hereinabove provided or otherwise,  proceed by suit or suits at law or in equity
or by any other appropriate  proceeding or remedy: (a) to enforce payment of the
Note or the performance of any term hereof or any other right;  (b) to foreclose
this  Mortgage;  and (c) to pursue any other  remedy,  legal  and/or  equitable,
available to it herein granted and/or under applicable law.

      2.06 Suits to Protect the  Mortgaged  Property.  Mortgagee  shall have the
power and authority, but not the obligation, to institute and maintain any suits
and proceedings as Mortgagee may deem advisable (a) to prevent any impairment of
the  Mortgaged  Property by any acts which may be unlawful or any  violation  of
this  Mortgage,  (b) to  preserve  or  protect  its  interest  in the  Mortgaged
Property,  and  (c) to  restrain  the  enforcement  of or  compliance  with  any
legislation  or  other  governmental  enactment,  rule  or  order  that  may  be
unconstitutional  or otherwise invalid, if the enforcement of or compliance with
such  enactment,  rule or  order  might  impair  the  security  hereunder  or be
prejudicial to Mortgagee's  interest.  Mortgagor shall cooperate with respect to
any action taken by Mortgagee as set forth above.

      2.07 Foreclosure.

                                       18
<PAGE>

            (a) Mortgagee may institute  proceedings for the partial or complete
foreclosure of this Mortgage and Mortgagee  may,  pursuant to any final judgment
of foreclosure,  sell the Mortgaged Property as an entirety or in separate lots,
units, or parcels.

            (b) In  case  of a  foreclosure  sale  of all  or  any  part  of the
Mortgaged  Property,  the proceeds of sale shall be applied in  accordance  with
Section  2.13  hereof,  and  Mortgagee  shall be entitled  to seek a  deficiency
judgment against Mortgagor to enforce payment of any and all obligations secured
hereby then  remaining due and unpaid,  together with interest  thereon,  and to
recover a judgment against Mortgagor therefor.

            (c) Mortgagee is authorized  to foreclose  this Mortgage  subject to
the rights of any tenants of the  Mortgaged  Property,  or  Mortgagee  may elect
which tenants Mortgagee desires to name as parties defendant in such foreclosure
and failure to make any such tenants parties  defendant to any such  foreclosure
proceedings  and to  foreclose  their  rights  will not be, nor be  asserted  by
Mortgagor to be, a defense to any proceedings instituted by Mortgagee to collect
the unpaid  obligations  secured hereby or to collect any  deficiency  remaining
unpaid after the foreclosure sale of the Mortgaged Property.

      2.08 Credit of Mortgagee.  Upon any  foreclosure of all or any part of the
Mortgaged Property, Mortgagee may bid for and acquire the Mortgaged Property, or
any part thereof and, in lieu of paying cash therefor, may apply to the purchase
price any portion of or all of the unpaid  obligations  secured hereby,  in such
order as Mortgagee may elect.

      2.09 Sale. Any sale or sales made under or by virtue of this Article shall
operate to divest  all the  estate,  right,  title,  interest,  claim and demand
whatsoever  at law or in equity,  of Mortgagor and all persons,  except  tenants
pursuant  to  leases  approved  by  Mortgagee,  claiming  by,  through  or under
Mortgagor in and to the properties and rights so sold, whether sold to Mortgagee
or to others.

      2.10  Proofs  of  Claim.  In the  case  of any  receivership,  insolvency,
bankruptcy,  reorganization,   arrangement,  adjustment,  composition  or  other
judicial proceedings  affecting Mortgagor,  any endorser,  co-maker,  surety, or
guarantor  of  the  obligations  secured  hereby,  or any  of  their  respective
properties, Mortgagee, to the extent permitted by law, shall be entitled to file
such proofs of claim and other  documents  as may be  necessary  or advisable in
order to have its  claim  allowed  in such  proceedings  for the  entire  unpaid
obligations  at the date of the  institution  of such  proceedings,  and for any
additional amounts which may become due and payable after such date.

      2.11 Waiver of Redemption, Notice and Marshalling. Mortgagor hereby waives
and releases,  for itself and anyone claiming  through,  by, or under it, to the
maximum extent permitted by the laws of the State of Florida:

            (a) all  benefit  that might  accrue to  Mortgagor  by virtue of any
present or future  law  exempting  the  Mortgaged  Property,  or any part of the
proceeds  arising  from  any  sale  thereof,  from  attachment,  levy or sale on
execution,  or providing  for any  appraisement,  valuation,  stay of execution,
exemption from civil process, redemption or extension of time for payment;

                                       19
<PAGE>

            (b) all notices of default,  or Mortgagee's  actual  exercise of any
option or remedy under any loan documents, or otherwise; and

            (c) any right to have the Mortgaged Property marshalled.

      2.12 Automatic Stay. Mortgagor hereby agrees that, in consideration of the
recitals and mutual covenants  contained herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration,  the receipt and  sufficiency  of which are hereby  acknowledged,
Mortgagor does agree that in the event  Mortgagor or (if applicable) any partner
of Mortgagor shall (a) file with any bankruptcy court of competent  jurisdiction
or be the subject of any petition  under title 11 of the U.S.  Code, as amended;
(b) be the  subject  of any order for relief  issued  under such Title 11 of the
U.S.  Code, as amended;  (c) file or be the subject of any petition  seeking any
reorganization,    arrangement,    composition,    readjustment,    liquidation,
dissolution,  or similar relief under any present or future federal or state act
or law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, or other relief for debtors; (d) have
sought  or  consented  to or  acquiesced  in the  appointment  of  any  trustee,
receiver,  conservator,  or  liquidator;  or (e) be the  subject  of any  order,
judgment, or decree entered by any court of competent  jurisdiction  approving a
petition  filed  against  such  party  for  any   reorganization,   arrangement,
composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution, or similar relief under any
present  or  future  federal  or  state  act  or  law  relating  to  bankruptcy,
insolvency,  or relief for  debtors,  then and in any of such  events  Mortgagee
shall thereupon be entitled to relief from any automatic stay imposed by Section
362 of Title 11 of the U.S.  Code, as amended,  or otherwise,  on or against the
exercise of the rights and remedies otherwise available to Mortgagee as provided
in the Note, this Mortgage, and all associated loan documents,  and as otherwise
provided by law. Mortgagor hereby agrees not to object to Mortgagee  immediately
seeking  relief  from  the  automatic   stay,  to  allow  Mortgagee  to  proceed
immediately  to obtain a final  judgment of  foreclosure  of this  Mortgage,  to
complete a  foreclosure  sale and/or to proceed  against  and  realize  upon the
collateral for the indebtedness  secured hereby and to otherwise allow Mortgagee
to take all such  actions  as  Mortgagee  may  elect in its sole  discretion  in
pursuance of the other  rights and remedies  available in the event of a default
by Mortgagor under this Mortgage and all associated  loan  documents.  Mortgagor
hereby waives any protection afforded under 11 U.S.C., Section 362(a).

      2.13  Application  of  Proceeds.  The  proceeds  of any sale of all or any
portion of the Mortgaged  Property shall be applied by Mortgagee  first,  to the
payment of receiver's fees and expenses, if any, and to the payment of all costs
and expenses  (including,  without  limitation,  reasonable  attorneys  fees and
expenses)  incurred by Mortgagee,  together with interest thereon at the maximum
rate permitted  under  applicable  law from the date so incurred,  in connection
with any entry,  action or proceeding  under this Article and,  second,  in such
order as Mortgagee may elect, to the payment of the  obligations  secured hereby
until all of said obligations have been paid in full.

      2.14 Delay or Omission No Waiver.  No delay or omission of Mortgagee or of
any holder of the Note to exercise any right,  power or remedy accruing upon any
Event of Default  shall  exhaust or impair  any such  right,  power or remedy or
shall  be  construed  to waive  any  such  Event  of  Default  or to  constitute
acquiescence  therein.  Every right,  power and remedy given to Mortgagee may be
exercised  from  time  to  time  and as  often  as may be  deemed  expedient  by
Mortgagee.

                                       20
<PAGE>

      2.15 No Waiver of One Default to Affect Another. No waiver of any Event of
Default hereunder shall extend to or affect any subsequent or any other Event of
Default  then  existing,  or impair any rights,  powers or  remedies  consequent
thereon.  If Mortgagee  (a) grants  forbearance  or an extension of time for the
payment of any sums secured hereby;  (b) takes other or additional  security for
the payment  thereof;  (c) waives or does not exercise any right  granted in the
Note, this Mortgage or any other instrument  securing the Note; (d) releases any
part of the  Mortgaged  Property  from the lien of this  Mortgage  or any  other
instrument securing the Note; or (e) makes or consents to any agreement changing
the terms of this Mortgage or  subordinating  the lien or any charge hereof,  no
such act or omission  shall  release,  discharge,  modify,  change or affect the
original  liability under the Note, this Mortgage or otherwise of Mortgagor,  or
any  subsequent  purchaser of the Mortgaged  Property or any part thereof or any
maker, cosigner,  endorser,  surety or guarantor.  No such act or omission shall
preclude  Mortgagee from exercising any right, power or privilege herein granted
or  intended  to be  granted  in case of any  Event of  Default  nor,  except as
otherwise  expressly  provided  in an  instrument  or  instruments  executed  by
Mortgagee, shall the lien of this Mortgage be altered thereby.

      2.16 Sale,  Transfer  or Lease of  Mortgaged  Property.  Without the prior
written  consent of Mortgagee,  which consent shall be in  Mortgagee's  sole and
absolute  discretion,  Mortgagor  will abstain from and will not cause or permit
any sale,  exchange,  transfer or  conveyance,  directly or  indirectly,  of the
Mortgaged  Property or any part thereof or any interest therein,  voluntarily or
by operation of law (other than  foreclosure  under this  Mortgage),  whether by
sale, exchange, conveyance, merger, consolidation,  reorganization or otherwise.
Furthermore,  there  shall  be no  change  in the  operation  or  management  of
Mortgagor  or the  Mortgaged  Property  without  the prior  written  consent  of
Mortgagee,  which consent shall not be unreasonably  withheld.  Any violation of
the foregoing limitations,  at the option of Mortgagee, shall be deemed an Event
of Default hereunder.

      In the event of a permitted  sale,  or transfer  by  operation  of law, or
otherwise, of all or any part of the Mortgaged Property by Mortgagor, including,
without limitation,  any conveyances which may be permitted above,  Mortgagee is
hereby authorized and empowered to deal with any such transferee or successor in
interest with reference to the Mortgaged  Property or the  indebtedness  secured
hereby, or with reference to any of the terms or conditions hereof, as fully and
to the same extent as it might deal with the original parties hereto and without
in any way  releasing or  discharging  any of the  liabilities  or  undertakings
hereunder.  Furthermore,  any  permitted  sale or transfer  may be  conditioned,
without  limitation,  upon the payment of a transfer fee or a change in the loan
charges, interest rates and payment or repayment terms.

      2.17 Further Encumbrances.  No additional mortgage or encumbrance shall be
placed  upon the  Mortgaged  Property  without  the  prior  written  consent  of
Mortgagee,  which consent shall be in Mortgagee's sole and absolute  discretion.
Additionally,  in the event a Notice  Limiting Future Advances is filed limiting
the right of Mortgagee to effectuate  future  advances under this Mortgage,  the
filing of such notice shall be and constitute a default under this  Mortgage.  .
Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  Mortgagee consents to Mortgagor entering into a
junior  mortgage of even date with this  Mortgage  with  Mitchell  Entertainment
Company in the amount of $3,000,000.

                                       21
<PAGE>

      2.18 Remedies  Cumulative.  No right,  power or remedy  conferred  upon or
reserved  to  Mortgagee  by the Note,  this  Mortgage  or any  other  instrument
securing the Note is exclusive of any other right, power or remedy, but each and
every such right,  power and remedy shall be cumulative and concurrent and shall
be in addition to any other right, power and remedy given hereunder or under the
Note or any other instrument  securing the Note, or now or hereafter existing at
law, in equity or by statute.

                                  ARTICLE THREE
                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

      3.01 Heirs, Successors,  and Assigns Included in Parties.  Whenever one of
the  parties  hereto  is  named or  referred  to  herein,  the  heirs,  personal
representatives,  successors and assigns of such party shall be included and all
covenants  and  agreements  contained  in  this  Mortgage,  by or on  behalf  of
Mortgagor or Mortgagee,  shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective
heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns, whether so expressed or
not.

      3.02 Addresses for Notices.

            (a) Any notice,  report,  demand or other  instrument  authorized or
required  to be given or  furnished  under  this  Mortgage  to  Mortgagor  or to
Mortgagee  shall be  deemed  given or  furnished  when  addressed  to the  party
intended  to receive  the same,  at the  address of such party on the first page
hereof, or at the address of the Mortgaged Property in the case of notice to the
Mortgagor,  and delivered to such address or deposited in the United States mail
as first class certified mail, return receipt  requested,  postage paid, whether
or not the same is actually received by such party.

            (b) Each  party may change  the  address  to which any such  notice,
report,  demand or other instrument is to be delivered or mailed,  by furnishing
written  notice of such change to the other party,  but no such notice of change
shall be effective unless and until received by such other party.

            (c) Notwithstanding anything in this instrument to the contrary, all
requirements  of notice shall be deemed  inapplicable  if Mortgagee is prevented
from giving  such  notice by  bankruptcy  or any other  applicable  law. In such
event, the cure period,  if any, shall then run from the occurrence of the event
or condition of default rather than from the date of notice.

      3.03  Headings.  The headings of the articles,  sections,  paragraphs  and
subdivisions  of this Mortgage are for convenience or reference only, are not to
be considered a part hereof,  and shall not limit or expand or otherwise  affect
any of the terms hereof.

      3.04 Invalid  Provisions to Affect No Others. In the event that any of the
covenants,  agreements, terms or provisions contained in the Note, this Mortgage
or any  other  instrument  securing  the  Note  shall  be  invalid,  illegal  or
unenforceable  in  any  respect,   the  validity  of  the  remaining  covenants,
agreements,  terms or provisions  contained herein and in the Note and any other
instrument  securing  the  Note  shall  be in no  way  affected,  prejudiced  or
disturbed thereby.

                                       22
<PAGE>

      3.05  Changes.  Neither this  Mortgage nor any term hereof may be changed,
waived,  discharged or terminated orally, or by any action or inaction, but only
by an  instrument  in  writing  signed  by  the  party  against  which  or  whom
enforcement  of the change,  waiver,  discharge or  termination  is sought.  Any
agreement  hereafter  made by Mortgagor and Mortgagee  relating to this Mortgage
shall be  superior  to the  rights  of the  holder  of any  intervening  lien or
encumbrance.

      3.06  Governing  Law.  This Mortgage is to be governed by and construed in
accordance with applicable law and Mortgagor  agrees that the sole and exclusive
forum  for  the  determination  of  any  action  relating  to the  validity  and
enforceability  of this  Mortgage  shall be either an  appropriate  court of the
State of Florida or that court of the United  States which  includes  within its
territorial jurisdiction the State of Florida.

      3.07 Usury.  It is the intention of the parties  hereto to comply with the
usury laws of applicable governmental authority(ies);  accordingly, it is agreed
that,  notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Note, this Mortgage,
or any of the other documents  securing  payment  thereof or otherwise  relating
hereto,  no such provision shall require the payment or permit the collection of
interest in excess of the maximum  permitted by law. In determining  the maximum
rate allowed,  Mortgagee may take advantage of any state or federal law, rule or
regulation  in effect  from time to time which may govern  the  maximum  rate of
interest  which may be charged.  If any excess of  interest  in such  respect is
provided for, or shall be adjudicated  to be so provided for, in the Note,  this
Mortgage, or in any of the other documents securing payment thereof or otherwise
relating hereto,  then in such event: (a) the provisions of this paragraph shall
govern  and   control;   (b)   neither   Mortgagor   nor  its  heirs,   personal
representatives, successors or assigns or any other party liable for the payment
thereof,  shall be  obligated  to pay the amount of such  interest to the extent
that it is in excess of the maximum amount permitted by law; (c) any such excess
which may have been  collected  shall be either  applied as a credit against the
then unpaid principal  amount of the Note or refunded to Mortgagor;  and (d) the
effective rate of interest shall be automatically  reduced to the maximum lawful
contract rate allowed under the applicable usury laws.

      3.08 Required Notices.  In addition to any notice  requirements  contained
elsewhere in this Mortgage,  Mortgagor  shall notify  Mortgagee  promptly of the
occurrence of any of the following:

            (a) a fire  or  other  casualty  causing  damage  to  the  Mortgaged
Property or any portion thereof;

            (b) receipt of notice of condemnation  of the Mortgaged  Property or
any portion thereof;

            (c)  receipt of notice  from any  government  or  quasi-governmental
authority  relating  to the  development,  structure,  use or  occupancy  of the
Mortgaged Property or any portion thereof; or

            (d) commencement of any litigation  affecting the Mortgaged Property
or any portion thereof.

                                       23
<PAGE>

      3.09 Protective Advances. It is the intent hereof to secure payment of the
indebtedness  represented by the Note, whether the entire amount shall have been
advanced  to the  Mortgagor  as of the date  hereof or at a later  date,  and to
secure  any  other  amount  or  amounts  that  may  be  added  to  the  mortgage
indebtedness  under the terms of this  instrument  for  protective  advances  or
otherwise. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed an obligation on the part of
Mortgagee to make any future advances.

      3.10  Modification  or Waiver.  Any indulgence or departure at any time by
Mortgagee,  its successors or assigns from any of the provisions  hereof,  or of
any  obligation  hereby  secured,  shall  not  modify  the same or waive  future
compliance  therewith  by  Mortgagor.  No  act  of  omission  or  commission  of
Mortgagee,  including,  without  limitation,  any failure to exercise any right,
remedy or recourse,  shall be deemed to be a waiver,  release or modification of
the same,  such waiver,  release or  modification  to be effected only through a
written document executed by Mortgagee and then only to the extent  specifically
recited therein.

      3.11  Mortgagor's Duty to Defend.  Mortgagor will defend,  at its own cost
and expense, and indemnify, defend and hold Mortgagee harmless from, any action,
proceeding or claim affecting the Mortgaged Property,  the indebtedness  secured
hereunder or any associated  loan document.  Costs and expenses will include all
reasonable attorneys' fees to and through all trial, appellate, supplemental and
bankruptcy proceedings. If Mortgagor neglects or refuses to act pursuant to this
paragraph,  Mortgagee,  at its option  (whether  electing  to declare the entire
indebtedness  secured hereby due and payable or not, or to pursue other remedies
for an Event of Default) may pay for all reasonable  attorneys'  fees, costs and
expenses  incurred in any such action(s).  All such payments,  bearing  interest
thereon  from the time of  payment  at the  maximum  contract  rate of  interest
permitted by law, shall be deemed a part of the indebtedness  secured  hereunder
and shall be immediately due and payable by Mortgagor to Mortgagee.

      3.12  Mortgagee's  Rights At Any Time,  With or Without  Consent.  Without
affecting  the  liability of  Mortgagor  or any other person  (except any person
expressly  released in writing) for payment of any indebtedness  secured hereby,
or for performance of any obligation contained herein, and without affecting the
rights of  Mortgagee  with respect to any  security  not  expressly  released in
writing,  Mortgagee  may,  at any time and from time to time,  either  before or
after the maturity of the Note, and without  notice or consent:  (a) release any
person liable for payment of all or any part of the secured  indebtedness or for
performance  of any  obligation;  (b) make any  agreement  extending the time of
payment of all or any part of the indebtedness  secured hereunder,  or modifying
or waiving any obligation, or subordinating, modifying or otherwise dealing with
the lien or charge hereof;  (c) exercise or refrain from exercising or waive any
right  Mortgagee may have;  (d) accept  additional  security of any kind; or (e)
release,  or otherwise  deal with any property,  real or personal,  securing the
indebtedness, including all or any part of the Mortgaged Property.

      3.13 Americans With Disabilities Act. Mortgagor covenants and agrees that,
during the term of the loan evidenced by the Note, the Mortgaged Property is and
will be in full compliance with the Americans with  Disabilities  Act ("ADA") of
November 26, 1990,  42 U.S.C.  Section  12191,  et seq., as amended from time to
time, and the  regulations  promulgated  pursuant  thereto and any other laws or
legal  requirements  regarding access and facilities for handicapped or disabled
persons.  Mortgagor  shall be solely  responsible  for all ADA and other related
compliance costs, including, without limitation,  attorneys' fees and litigation
costs, which responsibility shall survive the repayment of the loan evidenced by
the Note and foreclosure of the Mortgaged Property.

                                       24
<PAGE>

      3.14 Compliance with Law. Mortgagor warrants and represents that Mortgagor
has complied, and shall hereafter comply, with all valid laws, rules, ordinances
and regulations of the Federal, state and local government, and all agencies and
subdivisions  thereof which laws,  rules,  ordinances and  regulations  apply or
relate to the  Mortgaged  Property  and the use,  development  and  construction
thereof  and of  improvements  existing  or  contemplated  thereon  or as a part
thereof,  or the  improvements  now or  hereafter  located  thereon or on a part
thereof.

      3.15 Late  Charges.  The Note  provides  that the Note holder may charge a
late payment  equal to five percent (5%) of any payment not received  within ten
(10) days after its due date and, therefore, all such late payment charges shall
also be secured by this Mortgage.

      3.16 Time of the Essence. Mortgagor agrees that where, by the terms hereof
or of the Note,  a day is named or a time  fixed for the  payment  of any sum of
money or the performance of any agreement, that time is of the essence.

      3.17  Attorney's  Fees. As used in this Mortgage and all  associated  loan
documents,  attorney's fees shall include,  but not be limited to, fees incurred
in all matters of collection and enforcement,  construction and  interpretation,
before,  during and after  suit,  trial,  proceedings  and  appeals,  as well as
appearances  in  and  connected  with  appellate,   supplemental  or  bankruptcy
proceedings, or creditors' reorganization or arrangement proceedings.

      3.18 Venue.  Mortgagor  agrees that Broward County,  Florida,  at the sole
option of  Mortgagee,  is the  proper  venue  for any and all legal  proceedings
arising out of this Mortgage, the Note and any associated loan documents.

      3.19  Indemnification.  In no event shall Mortgagee's  rights hereunder or
under any associated loan documents grant Mortgagee the right to or be deemed to
indicate that Mortgagee is in control of the business,  management or properties
of  Mortgagor,  or has power over the daily  management  functions and operating
decisions  made by  Mortgagor.  Mortgagee  is a  lender  only and  shall  not be
considered a shareholder,  joint venturer or partner of Mortgagor. Mortgagor and
Mortgagee intend that the relationship created under the Note, this Mortgage and
all other  associated  loan  documents  be solely  that of debtor and  creditor,
mortgagor  and  mortgagee  or borrower and lender,  as the case may be.  Nothing
herein or in any of the associated  loan documents is intended to create a joint
venture,  partnership,  tenancy in common or joint tenancy  relationship between
Mortgagor  and  Mortgagee  nor grant to Mortgagee  any interest in the Mortgaged

                                       25
<PAGE>

Property  other than that of creditor or  mortgagee,  it being the intent of the
parties hereto that Mortgagee shall have no liability  whatsoever for any losses
generated  by or  incurred  with  respect to the  Mortgaged  Property  nor shall
Mortgagee  have any control over the day to day  management  or operation of the
Mortgaged Property. The terms and provisions of this Paragraph shall control and
supersede over every other provision and all other agreements  between Mortgagor
and Mortgagee.  Mortgagor hereby agrees to indemnify,  defend and hold Mortgagee
harmless  and defend  Mortgagee  against  any loss,  liability,  cost or expense
(including,  without limitation,  reasonable  attorneys' fees and disbursements)
and all claims,  actions,  procedures  and suits arising out of or in connection
with any  construction of the relationship of Mortgagor and Mortgagee as to that
of  joint  venturers,   partners,  tenants  in  common,  joint  tenants  or  any
relationship other than that of debtor and creditor or any assertion that such a
construction should be made. The foregoing indemnity shall survive the repayment
of the Note and the satisfaction of this Mortgage and shall continue for so long
as any liability for which the indemnity is given may exist or arise.

      3.20 Mortgage and/or Intangible Tax. Mortgagor shall, at its sole cost and
expense,  protect,  defend,  indemnify,  release and hold harmless the Mortgagee
from and  against  any and all losses  imposed  upon or  incurred by or asserted
against  Mortgagee  and  directly  or  indirectly  arising  out of or in any way
relating to any tax on the making  and/or  recording of this  Mortgage  Deed and
Security Agreement or any of the other loan documents.

                            INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK


                                       26
<PAGE>

      WAIVER  OF  TRIAL  BY  JURY.  MORTGAGOR  AND  MORTGAGEE  HEREBY  MUTUALLY,
KNOWINGLY,  WILLINGLY,  INTENTIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL
BY JURY AND NO PARTY NOR ANY ASSIGNEE,  SUCCESSOR, HEIR, OR LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE
OF THE  PARTIES  (ALL OF WHOM ARE  HEREINAFTER  COLLECTIVELY  REFERRED TO AS THE
"PARTIES") SHALL SEEK A JURY TRIAL IN ANY LAWSUIT,  PROCEEDING,  COUNTERCLAIM OR
ANY OTHER  LITIGATION  PROCEEDING  BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS MORTGAGE OR
ANY ASSOCIATED LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY INSTRUMENT EVIDENCING, SECURING OR RELATING
TO THE INDEBTEDNESS OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS SECURED HEREBY OR ANY RELATED AGREEMENT
OR INSTRUMENT,  ANY OTHER COLLATERAL FOR THE INDEBTEDNESS  SECURED HEREBY OR ANY
COURSE OF ACTION,  COURSE OF DEALING,  STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR
ACTIONS  RELATING TO THE LOAN  EVIDENCED  BY THE NOTE OR TO THIS  MORTGAGE.  THE
PARTIES ALSO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO CONSOLIDATE ANY ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS
BEEN WAIVED WITH ANY OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED. THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS  PARAGRAPH  HAVE BEEN FULLY  NEGOTIATED  BY THE PARTIES.  THE
WAIVER  CONTAINED  HEREIN IS  IRREVOCABLE,  CONSTITUTES  A KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY
WAIVER,  AND SHALL BE SUBJECT TO NO  EXCEPTIONS.  MORTGAGEE HAS IN NO WAY AGREED
WITH OR  REPRESENTED TO MORTGAGOR OR ANY OTHER PARTY THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS
PARAGRAPH WILL NOT BE FULLY ENFORCED IN ALL INSTANCES.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Mortgagor has executed this Mortgage as of the day and
year first above written.

Signed, sealed and delivered
in the presence of:                         AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP., a Delaware
                                            corporation
/s/ Bruce C. Rosetto
- --------------------------------
Print name: Bruce C. Rosetto                By: /s/ David Levy
           ---------------------               ---------------------------------
/s/ Innocencia Ramos                            David Levy, President
- --------------------------------
Print name: Innocencia Ramos                                (Corporate Seal)
          -----------------------

                                       27


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>v010420_ex10-9.txt
<TEXT>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PREPARED  BY/RECORD AND RETURN TO: Conrad J. Boyle,  Esquire,  Mombach,  Boyle &
Hardin, P.A., 500 East Broward Boulevard,  Suite 1950, Fort Lauderdale,  Florida
33394.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                    ASSIGNMENT OF RENTS, LEASES AND DEPOSITS

         THIS  ASSIGNMENT  is  made  and  entered  into  as of the  20th  day of
December,  2004,  by AGU  ENTERTAINMENT  CORP.,  a Delaware  corporation,  whose
address  is 3200 West  Oakland  Park  Blvd.,  Lauderdale  Lakes,  Florida  33311
("Assignor"),  in favor of CHARLEY  ZECHES,  in her capacity as trustee of LAKES
HOLDING TRUST under  Agreement  dated July 27, 2001,  whose address is 3200 West
Oakland Park Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale,  Florida 33311-1245, its successors and
assigns ("Assignee").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS,   contemporaneously   herewith,   Assignor  has  executed  and
delivered to Assignee a promissory note in the principal amount of Seven Million
and 00/100  Dollars  ($7,000,000.00)  (hereinafter  referred to as the  "Note"),
secured by a Mortgage  Deed and Security  Agreement  dated of even date herewith
(hereinafter  referred  to as the  "Mortgage"),  on the  property of Assignor in
Broward County, Florida, the legal description of which is set forth as follows:

              SEE LEGAL DESCRIPTION, ANNEXED HERETO AND MADE A PART
                              HEREOF AS EXHIBIT "A"

together  with all  buildings  and  improvements  now or  hereafter  constructed
thereon (all of such property being hereinafter  collectively referred to as the
"Property" or "Mortgaged Property"); and

         WHEREAS,  as additional  security for the Note and the  obligations  of
Assignor  thereunder,  Assignor  has executed  and  delivered  to Assignee  this
Assignment.

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  for value received and as security for the payment of
said  obligations of Assignor,  Assignor,  for itself and for its successors and
assigns, does hereby transfer,  assign and deliver unto Assignee, its successors
and assigns,  all of the right, title and interest of Assignor in and to (1) all
leases,  subleases,  tenancies and any other agreement  affecting the use of the
Mortgaged  Property,  whether  written or oral,  now or hereafter  existing with
<PAGE>

respect to any portion or portions of the Mortgaged Property,  together with any
renewals  or  extensions  thereof  and leases,  subleases,  tenancies,  and such
agreements in substitution  therefor (all of which are hereinafter  collectively
referred to as the "Leases" or "Assigned Leases" and singularly as "Lease"), (2)
all rents,  deposits,  issues,  profits and other  payments of every kind due or
payable  and to become  due or  payable to  Assignor  by virtue of the  Assigned
Leases,  or otherwise due or payable and to become due or payable to Assignor as
the result of any issue,  possession  or occupancy of any portion or portions of
the Mortgaged Property,  (3) all right, title and interest of Assignor in and to
all  guarantees  of the  Assigned  Leases  and (4) any  award  made in any court
proceeding  involving  any  of the  lessees  in any  bankruptcy,  insolvency  or
reorganization proceedings in any state or federal court.

         TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the same unto Assignee, its successors and assigns,
until such time as the indebtedness secured by the Mortgage shall have been paid
in full, for the purpose of further and  collaterally  securing:  (1) payment of
the  indebtedness  evidenced  by the Note  together  with the  interest  on said
indebtedness;  (2) payment of all sums, with interest thereon, to become due and
payable to Assignee hereunder or under the provisions of the Mortgage, the Note,
or any other obligation of Assignor to Assignee now or hereafter  existing;  and
(3)  performance  and  discharge  of each and  every  obligation,  covenant  and
agreement  of Assignor  contained  herein,  or in the Note,  the  Mortgage,  any
associated loan document or any other  obligation of Assignor to Assignee now or
hereafter existing (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Obligations").

         This  instrument  of  Assignment  is delivered  and  accepted  upon the
following terms and conditions:

         1.  Assignor's  License  to  Operate  if  no  Event  of  Default.  This
Assignment  shall  be and  constitute  an  absolute  assignment  effective  upon
execution,  however,  so long as no event  of  default  shall  exist  under  the
Obligations, Assignor shall have a revocable license, revocable by Assignee upon
the  occurrence  of an event of default under the  Obligations,  and to collect,
receive  and apply for its own  account  all  rents,  issues  and  profits  (the
"Rents")  accruing by virtue of the Assigned Leases,  and to execute and deliver
proper receipts and acquittances therefor,  provided,  however, that without the
written consent of Assignee,  Assignor shall not collect any installment of rent
or other required sums, in advance,  other than a security  deposit and rent for
the first and last month of any lease or sublease term (hereinafter  referred to
as "Permitted  Advance Rental  Payments").  As to any security  deposits  and/or
prepaid rents,  Assignor  shall furnish to Assignee,  upon  Assignee's  request,
satisfactory evidence that Assignor has maintained such security deposits and/or
prepaid rents in accordance with the requirements of Florida law.

         2. Assignee's Rights in Event of Default.

         2.1  Immediately  upon the occurrence of any event of default under the
Obligations,  the revocable  license  described in paragraph 1 above shall cease
and  terminate  upon  demand and notice  made by  Assignee,  and, in such event,
Assignee  is  hereby  expressly  and  irrevocably  authorized  to enter and take
possession of the Rents, or by written notice served  personally upon or sent by
registered   mail  to   Assignor  as  Assignee   may  elect,   without   further
authorization,  notice or demand and without the  commencement  of any action to
foreclose the Mortgage or to exercise its power of sale thereunder.

                                       2
<PAGE>

         2.2 Assignor does hereby constitute and appoint Assignee,  irrevocably,
with full power of substitution  and revocation,  its true and lawful  attorney,
coupled with an  interest,  for it and in its name,  place and stead,  to do and
perform  any or all of the  following  actions,  as fully  for all  intents  and
purposes, as it could do if personally present,  hereby ratifying and confirming
all that its said attorney or its substitution  shall lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof:

                  (a) manage and operate the Property or any part thereof;

                  (b) lease any part or parts  thereof for such periods of time,
         and upon  such  terms  and  conditions  as  Assignee  may,  in its sole
         discretion, deem proper;

                  (c) enforce, cancel or modify any of the Leases;

                  (d) demand, collect, sue for, attach, levy, recover,  receive,
         compromise  and adjust,  and make,  execute and  deliver  receipts  and
         releases for all rents, issues, profits and other amounts that may then
         be or may  thereafter  become due, owing or payable with respect to the
         Property  or any part  thereof  from any  present  or  future  lessees,
         tenants, subtenants or occupants thereof;

                  (e)  institute,  prosecute to  completion  or  compromise  and
         settle, all summary  proceedings,  actions for rent or for removing any
         and all lessees,  tenants,  subtenants  or occupants of the Property or
         any part or parts thereof;

                  (f) enforce or enjoin or restrain the  violation of any of the
         terms,  provisions  and  conditions  of any  Lease  or  Leases,  now or
         hereafter affecting the Property or any part thereof;

                  (g) make such  repairs  and  alterations  to the  Property  as
         Assignee may, in its reasonable discretion, deem proper;

                  (h) pay, from and out of rents,  issues and profits  collected
         in respect of the Property or any part  thereof,  or from or out of any
         other funds,  the rent and all other charges  required to be paid under
         any ground  leases on which the  Mortgage may  constitute  a lien,  any
         taxes,  assessments,  water  rates,  sewer rates,  or other  government
         charges  levied,  assessed  or imposed  against  the  Property,  or any
         portion thereof, and also any and all other charges, costs and expenses
         which it may be  necessary  or  advisable  for  Assignee  to pay in the
         management or operation of the Property, including without limiting the
         generality of any rights, powers, privileges and authority hereinbefore
         or  hereinafter  conferred)  the  costs  of  repairs  and  alterations,
         commissions for renting the Property or any portions thereof, any legal
         expenses  in  enforcing  claims,  preparing  papers  or for  any  other
         services that may be required; and

                                       3
<PAGE>

                  (i)  generally,  do,  execute and perform any other act, deed,
         matter  or  thing  whatsoever  that  ought  to be  done,  executed  and
         performed  in and about or with  respect to the  Property,  as fully as
         Assignor might do, provided,  however,  that any action,  or failure or
         refusal  to act,  by  Assignee  under this  Assignment  shall be at its
         election and without any liability on its part.

         2.3  Assignee  shall apply the net amount of rents,  issues and profits
received  by it from the  Property,  after  payment  of all  costs  and  charges
incurred  by  Assignee  (including  any  liability,   loss,  expense  or  damage
hereinafter referred to in paragraph 5 hereof),  first to the payment, when due,
of the  installments  of interest  payable under the Note and  thereafter to the
payment  of  principal  thereunder.  Any of  such  funds  remaining  after  such
application shall be paid as soon as reasonably  practicable by Assignee to such
persons as Assignor may designate to Assignee in writing.

         2.4 Assignee shall be accountable to Assignor only for monies  actually
received by Assignee  pursuant to this  Assignment  and the  acceptance  of this
Assignment shall not constitute a satisfaction of any indebtedness, liability or
obligations, or any part thereof, now or hereafter owed by Assignor to Assignee,
except to the extent of amounts  actually  received  and  applied by Assignee on
account of the same.

         2.5 The rights and powers of  Assignee  hereunder  shall  continue  and
remain in full force and effect until all amounts secured hereby,  including any
deficiency resulting from foreclosure sale, are paid in full, and shall continue
after   commencement  of  foreclosure  and  after  foreclosure  sale  and  until
expiration of the equity of redemption,  notwithstanding sale of the Property to
a purchaser other than Assignee. Assignee shall not be liable to Assignor or any
one claiming under or through Assignor by reason of anything done or left undone
by Assignee hereunder.

         3.  Attornment  of  Lessees  in  Event  of  Default.   ASSIGNOR  HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY  DIRECTS EACH LESSEE AND/OR  SUBLESSEE UNDER EACH OF THE LEASES UPON
DEMAND  AND  NOTICE  FROM  ASSIGNEE  OF AN EVENT  OF  DEFAULT  UNDER  ANY OF THE
OBLIGATIONS,  TO PAY  ASSIGNEE ALL RENTS,  DEPOSITS AND PROFITS  ACCRUING OR DUE
UNDER ITS LEASE FROM AND AFTER THE RECEIPT OF SUCH DEMAND AND NOTICE. ANY LESSEE
MAKING SUCH PAYMENT TO ASSIGNEE  SHALL BE UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO INQUIRE INTO OR
DETERMINE  THE  ACTUAL  EXISTENCE  OF ANY SUCH  EVENT OF  DEFAULT(S)  CLAIMED BY
ASSIGNEE.

         4. Covenants of Assignor.  Assignor,  for itself and for its successors
and assigns, covenants and warrants as follows:

                  (a) that each of the Leases now or  hereafter in effect is and
         shall be a valid and existing  lease or sublease and that there are, to
         the extent ascertainable by Assignor, no defaults on the part of any of
         the parties thereto;

                                       4
<PAGE>

                  (b)  that  Assignor  has  not  sold,  assigned,   transferred,
         mortgaged  or  pledged  any of the rents,  issues or  profits  from the
         Property or any part  thereof,  whether now or hereafter to become due,
         to any person, firm or corporation other than Assignee;

                  (c)  that  no  rents,  issues,  deposits  or  profits  of  the
         Property,  or any part  thereof,  becoming due  subsequent  to the date
         hereof  have been  collected  nor has  payment  of any of the sums been
         anticipated,  waived,  released,  discounted or otherwise discharged or
         compromised;

                  (d)  that  Assignor  will  not  assign,  pledge  or  otherwise
         encumber  any of the Leases or any of the rents  thereunder  unless the
         prior written consent of Assignee shall have been obtained  thereto and
         unless the instrument  creating such assignment,  pledge or encumbrance
         shall expressly state that the same is subject to this Assignment;

                  (e) that  Assignor  will  not,  without  in each  case  having
         obtained  the prior  written  consent of  Assignee,  which shall not be
         unreasonably withheld, enter into any new lease agreement, with respect
         to a 5,000  square  foot or  greater  portion of the  Property  or with
         respect to a portion of the  Property  which is less than 5,000  square
         feet, unless the rent payable under such lease agreement represents the
         fair  market  value  for the  lease  of a space  of  similar  size  and
         character  to the space rented  under such lease  agreement,  or amend,
         modify, terminate or accept any surrender of any Lease;

                  (f) that  Assignor  will not  waive or give any  consent  with
         respect to any default or  variation in the  performance  of any of the
         terms,  covenants and conditions on the part of any lessee,  sublessee,
         tenant  or other  occupant  to be  performed  under  any of the  Leases
         without the  written  consent of  Assignee,  but will at all times take
         proper steps to enforce all of the provisions and conditions thereof;

                  (g) that Assignor will not collect or receive, without in each
         case having  obtained the prior  written  consent of Assignee  thereto,
         from  any  such  lessee,  sublessee,  tenant  or  other  occupant,  any
         installment  of rent in advance of the respective  dates  prescribed in
         the Leases, except for Permitted Advance Rental Payments;

                  (h) that  Assignor  will perform and  observe,  or cause to be
         performed and observed,  all of the terms,  covenants and conditions on
         its part to be  performed  and  observed  with  respect  to each of the
         Leases;

                  (i) that Assignor will notify Assignee promptly when any Lease
         is hereafter executed,  extended, renewed, amended or modified and that
         it will  furnish  to  Assignee,  on demand,  true  copies of all Leases
         hereafter  executed  and  true  copies  of  each  agreement  or  letter
         effecting the renewal, amendment or modification of any Assigned Lease;

                  (j) any Leases  hereafter  executed  shall provide that within
         thirty (30) days after  written  request  from  Assignee (i) the lessee
         shall  agree to furnish to  Assignee a  financial  statement  on a form
         reasonably  satisfactory to Assignee and such other documentation which
         would reflect the status of the Lease and/or the financial condition of
         such lessee and (ii)  Assignor and such lessee shall agree to amend the
         Lease  to  make  reasonable  changes  required  by  Assignee  provided,
         however,  such changes do not materially alter the terms and conditions
         of the Lease; and

                                       5
<PAGE>

                  (k)  not to  enter  into  any new  lease  agreement  with  any
         operating dry cleaner or gasoline  service  station or any similar type
         or types of  establishment  without first obtaining the written consent
         of  Assignee,  which  may be  withheld  by  Assignee,  in its  sole and
         absolute discretion.

         Assignor  acknowledges  and  agrees  that  the  approval  (directly  or
indirectly)  of any Lease by Assignee  shall not be  construed  in any manner to
create any  liability  or  responsibility  as to Assignee in the event that such
Lease or the  tenant  thereunder  should  default.  The  review  of any Lease by
Assignee shall be solely for  Assignee's own purposes,  shall not constitute any
representation  by  Assignee  as to  the  subject  Lease  or as  to  the  tenant
thereunder  and may not and shall not be relied  upon by Assignor in any manner.
Assignee  shall  independently  review  and  approve  any Lease  and the  tenant
thereunder prior to execution thereof by Assignor.

         5.       Indemnification.

         5.1 Assignor  hereby  agrees to  indemnify,  defend,  and hold Assignee
harmless  (except  to the  extent  caused by the  gross  negligence  or  willful
misconduct of the Assignee)  (a) against and from any and all  liability,  loss,
damage and expense,  including reasonable attorneys' fees, which it may or shall
incur under or in connection with any of the Leases,  or by reason of any of the
Obligations,  or by  reason of any  action  taken by  Assignee  under any of the
Obligations  (including,  without  limitation,  any action which Assignee in its
discretion may take to protect its interest in the Property,  including, without
limitation,  the  making of  advances  and the  entering  into of any  action or
proceeding arising out of or connected with the Leases or the Obligations),  and
(b)  against  and from any and all  claims and  demand  whatsoever  which may be
asserted against  Assignor by reason of any alleged  obligations or undertakings
on its part to perform or discharge any of the terms,  covenants and  conditions
contained in any of the Leases.

         5.2 Should Assignee incur any such liability,  loss, damage or expense,
the amount thereof, together with interest thereon at the highest rate permitted
under  Florida law,  shall be payable by Assignor to Assignee  immediately  upon
demand, or at the option of Assignee, Assignee may reimburse itself therefor out
of any rents, issues or profits of the Property collected by Assignee.

         5.3 Nothing  contained herein shall operate or be construed to obligate
Assignee to perform any of the terms,  covenants or conditions  contained in any
Lease, or to take any measures, legal or otherwise, to enforce collection of any
of said rents or other  payments,  or  otherwise to impose any  obligation  upon
Assignee  with respect to any of said Leases,  including but not limited to, any
obligation arising out of any covenant of quiet enjoyment therein contained.

                                       6
<PAGE>

         5.4 Prior to actual entry into any taking possession of the Property by
Assignee,  this  Assignment  shall  not  operate  to  place  upon  Assignee  any
responsibility  for the operation,  control,  care,  management or repair of the
Property,  and the  execution of this  Assignment by Assignor  shall  constitute
conclusive  evidence that all  responsibility  for the operation,  control care,
management  and repair of the Property is and shall be that of Assignor prior to
such actual entry and taking of possession.

         6. Exercise of Remedies.  Failure of Assignee to avail itself of any of
the terms,  covenants and conditions of this  Assignment for any period of time,
or at any time or times,  shall not be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any
of its  rights  hereunder.  The  rights  and  remedies  of  Assignee  under this
Assignment  are  cumulative  and are not in lieu of but are in  addition  to any
other rights and remedies  which  Assignee  shall have under or by virtue of any
other of the Obligations.  The rights and remedies of Assignee  hereunder may be
exercised from time to time and as often as such exercise is deemed expedient.

         7.  Assignment by Assignee.  Assignee shall have the right to assign to
any subsequent  holder of the Mortgage,  or to any person acquiring title to the
Property,  Assignor's rights, title and interest in any Lease or sublease hereby
or hereafter assigned,  subject,  however, to the provisions of this Assignment.
After  Assignor  shall have been barred and  foreclosed of all right,  title and
interest and equity of  redemption in said  Property,  no assignee of Assignor's
interest  in said Leases  shall be liable to account to Assignor  for any rents,
income, revenue, issues or profits thereafter accruing.

         8.  Termination  of this  Agreement.  Upon  payment  in full of all the
indebtedness secured by the Mortgage, as evidenced by a recorded satisfaction or
release of Mortgage,  as well as any sums which may be payable  hereunder,  this
Assignment shall become and be void and of no further effect and, in that event,
upon the  request of  Assignor,  Assignee  covenants  to execute  and deliver to
Assignor  instruments  effective to evidence the  termination of this Assignment
and/or the reassignment to Assignor of the rights,  power and authority  granted
herein.

         9. No Merger of  Assigned  Leases.  As against  Assignee,  at all times
during which this Assignment shall be in effect, there shall be no merger of the
Leases  or the  leasehold  estate  created  thereby  with the fee  estate in the
Property  by reason of the fact that the Leases or any  interest  therein may be
held by or for the account of any person,  firm or  corporation  which may be or
become the owner of said fee estate, unless Assignee shall consent in writing to
said merger.

         10. Notice. Any notice,  demand,  request or other  communication given
hereunder or in  connection  herewith  (hereinafter  "Notices")  shall be deemed
sufficient  if in writing and sent by  registered  or  certified  mail,  postage
prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed to the party to receive such Notice
at such  address  as each  party has  provided  to the  other,  or at such other
address as such party may  hereafter  designate by Notice given in like fashion.
Notice shall be deemed given when mailed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, routine
communications such as ordinary distribution checks,  copies of documents,  etc.
may be sent by  ordinary  first-class  mail.  Notwithstanding  anything  in this

                                       7
<PAGE>

instrument  to  the  contrary,  all  requirements  of  notice  shall  be  deemed
inapplicable  if Assignee is prevented  from giving such notice by bankruptcy or
any other applicable law. In such event, the cure period, if any, shall then run
from the  occurrence  of the event or condition of default  rather than from the
date of notice.

         11. Miscellaneous Provisions.

         11.1 Whenever the context so requires,  reference  herein to the neuter
gender shall  include the masculine  and/or  feminine  gender,  and the singular
number shall include the plural.

         11.2 All of the  provisions  of this  Assignment  shall be  deemed  and
construed to be "conditions"  and  "covenants" as though the words  specifically
expressing  or importing  covenants  and  conditions  were used in each separate
provision hereof.

         11.3 This Assignment is being delivered and is intended to be performed
in the State of Florida and shall be construed and enforced in  accordance  with
and governed by the internal laws (and not the law of conflicts) of such state.

         11.4 No change,  amendment,  modification,  cancellation  or  discharge
hereof,  or of any part  hereof,  shall  be valid  unless  Assignee  shall  have
consented thereto in writing.

         11.5  In the  event  there  is  any  conflict  between  the  terms  and
provisions of the Mortgage and the terms and provisions of this Assignment,  the
terms and provisions of this Assignment shall prevail.

         11.6 The terms, covenants,  and conditions contained herein shall inure
to the  benefit  of,  and  bind  Assignee  and  Assignor  and  their  respective
successors and assigns or executors, administrators,  successors and assigns, as
the case may be.

         11.7 The captions of this  Assignment are for convenience and reference
only and neither in any way define,  limit, or describe the scope or interest of
this Assignment nor in any way affect this Assignment.

         11.8 In  case  any one or  more  of the  provisions  contained  in this
Assignment  are,  or shall for any  reason be held to be,  invalid,  illegal  or
unenforceable in any respect,  such invalidity,  illegality or  unenforceability
shall not  affect  any other  provision  hereof or  thereof,  but each  shall be
construed as if such invalid,  illegal or unenforceable provision had never been
included.

         11.9 The  rights  and  remedies  in favor of  Assignee  granted by this
Assignment  shall  be in  addition  to and  shall  not in any way  constitute  a
limitation upon the rights and remedies  available to Assignee under  applicable
law,  including  without  limitation  all rights under Chapter  697.07,  Florida
Statutes,  regarding  assignment  of rents and all  rights  under  Chapter  702,
Florida Statutes, regarding foreclosure actions.

         11.10  Assignee may take or release  other  security for the payment of
the  Obligations,  and, may release any party  primarily or  secondarily  liable
therefore,  and, may apply any other security held by it to the  satisfaction of
the Obligations, without prejudice to any of its rights under this Assignment.

                                       8
<PAGE>

         ASSIGNOR   AND  ASSIGNEE   HEREBY   MUTUALLY,   KNOWINGLY,   WILLINGLY,
INTENTIONALLY  AND  VOLUNTARILY  WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND NO PARTY
NOR ANY ASSIGNEE,  SUCCESSOR,  HEIR, OR LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE PARTIES (ALL
OF WHOM ARE HEREINAFTER  COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS THE "PARTIES") SHALL SEEK A
JURY TRIAL IN ANY  LAWSUIT,  PROCEEDING,  COUNTERCLAIM  OR ANY OTHER  LITIGATION
PROCEEDING  BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS  ASSIGNMENT OR ANY ASSOCIATED LOAN
DOCUMENTS OR ANY INSTRUMENT EVIDENCING, SECURING OR RELATING TO THE INDEBTEDNESS
OR OTHER OBLIGATIONS SECURED HEREBY OR ANY RELATED AGREEMENT OR INSTRUMENT,  ANY
OTHER  COLLATERAL FOR THE  INDEBTEDNESS  SECURED HEREBY OR ANY COURSE OF ACTION,
COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS RELATING TO
THE LOAN EVIDENCED BY THE NOTE OR TO THIS ASSIGNMENT. THE PARTIES ALSO WAIVE ANY
RIGHT TO  CONSOLIDATE  ANY ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS BEEN WAIVED WITH ANY
OTHER ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED.  THE  PROVISIONS OF THIS
PARAGRAPH HAVE BEEN FULLY NEGOTIATED BY THE PARTIES. THE WAIVER CONTAINED HEREIN
IS IRREVOCABLE, CONSTITUTES A KNOWING AND VOLUNTARY WAIVER, AND SHALL BE SUBJECT
TO NO EXCEPTIONS.  ASSIGNEE HAS IN NO WAY AGREED WITH OR REPRESENTED TO ASSIGNOR
OR ANY OTHER  PARTY  THAT THE  PROVISIONS  OF THIS  PARAGRAPH  WILL NOT BE FULLY
ENFORCED IN ALL INSTANCES.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  Assignor has caused these presents to be signed as
of the day and year first above written.

Signed, sealed and delivered in the presence of:

                                                AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP.,
                                                a Delaware corporation

/s/ Bruce C. Rosetto                            By: /s/ David Levy
- ------------------------------------------           ---------------------------
Print name: Bruce C. Rosetto                         David Levy, President


/s/ Innocencia Ramos
- ------------------------------------------
Print name: Innocencia Ramos                         (Corporate Seal)


                                       9

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>v010420_ex10-10.txt
<TEXT>

               AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO AGREEMENT FOR PURCHASE AND SALE

         This  AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO AGREEMENT FOR PURCHASE AND SALE  ("Amendment")
is made and  entered  into by and between  CHARLEY  ZECHES,  in her  capacity as
Trustee of LAKES  HOLDING  TRUST U/A dated July 27, 2001 (the  "Seller") and AGU
ENTERTAINMENT CORP., a Colorado corporation ("Buyer").

                                   WITNESSETH:

         WHEREAS,  Buyer and Seller  entered  into that  certain  Agreement  for
Purchase and Sale (the "Contract"), dated effective as of September 10, 2004, as
amended by the  Amendment  to Agreement  for  Purchase and Sale dated  effective
October 25, 2004,  concerning the (i) real property located at 3200 West Oakland
Park Boulevard,  Lauderdale Lakes, in Broward County, Florida and (ii) Assets as
described in the Contract.

         WHEREAS,  Buyer and Seller  desire to amend the Contract in  accordance
with the terms and conditions set forth herein.

         NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the sum of Ten and 00/100 ($10.00)
Dollars and other good and valuable  consideration,  the parties do hereby agree
that the Contract shall be and is hereby amended as follows:

         1. The recitals set forth above are acknowledged to be true and correct
and are hereby incorporated by reference as if stated in full.

         2. All  capitalized  terms  utilized  herein and not otherwise  defined
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Contract.

         3. Buyer and Seller hereby agree to extend the Closing Date under the
Contract from November 30, 2004 to December 20, 2004, subject to the terms and
conditions of this Amendment.

         4. Buyer and Seller agree that the third sentence of Section 3.3.1.D of
the Contract,  which reads: "The outstanding principal balance of the Promissory
Note or any  portion  thereof  shall be  convertible,  at any time,  at the sole
option of Seller into the common stock, no par value, of Buyer (the  "Conversion
Shares")  at a  conversion  price of $3.50 per  share."  is hereby  deleted  and
replaced with the following sentence:  "The outstanding principal balance of the
Promissory  Note or any  portion  thereof,  which is equal  to or  greater  than
$40,000.00, shall be convertible, at any time, at the sole option of Seller into
the  common  stock,  no par  value,  of Buyer  (the  "Conversion  Shares")  at a
conversion price of $2.50 per share."

         5.  Buyer and Seller  hereby  agree that in  addition  to the  Purchase
Price,  the  amount of  $37,500.00  shall be paid to Buyer in the form of 37,500
shares of the common stock, no par value of Buyer ("Second  Extension  Shares"),
which will be issued, transferred and delivered on November 29, 2004, or as soon
<PAGE>

as practicable  thereafter,  by Buyer to Elizabeth Buntrock.  Elizabeth Buntrock
shall execute any and all documents as may be reasonable and necessary to permit
Buyer to comply  with all  federal  and state  securities  laws  respecting  the
issuance  and  delivery of the Second  Extension  Shares.  The Second  Extension
Shares shall be restricted securities,  in accordance with applicable securities
laws, and shall include  "piggyback  registration"  rights, in accordance with a
stock purchase agreement in a form  substantially  similar to the Stock Purchase
Agreement.   The  Second   Extension   Shares  shall  constitute  an  additional
non-refundable Deposit under the Contract.

         6. Buyer agrees to make a payment on November  29,  2004,  to Seller in
the amount of $37,500.00 (the "Third  Payment") in further  consideration of the
extension of the Closing Date from  November 30, 2004 to December 20, 2004.  The
Prorations  under the Contract  shall be calculated as of December 20, 2004. The
foregoing payment shall be made by wire transfer of immediately  available funds
to an account  designated  by Seller and shall be  received  on or before 5 p.m.
eastern  standard time on November 29, 2004. Time is of the essence with respect
to the Third Payment  which  payment shall not be credited  against the Purchase
Price and shall not be refundable.

         7. At Buyer's option ("Extension Option"), upon Buyer's delivery of (i)
the Fourth  Payment (as defined below) and (ii) the Third  Extension  Shares (as
defined  below),  the Closing Date shall be extended  from  December 20, 2004 to
January 15, 2004. In order to exercise the Extension  Option,  Buyer shall:  (a)
pay $67,500.00 (the "Fourth Payment") by wire transfer of immediately  available
funds to an account  designated  by Seller  which  funds shall be received on or
before 5 p.m. eastern standard time on December 18, 2004. Time is of the essence
with respect to the Fourth  Payment which payment shall not be credited  against
the  Purchase  Price and shall not be  refundable,  and (b) in  addition  to the
Purchase Price, deliver 67,500 shares of the common stock, no par value of Buyer
(the "Third Extension Shares"), which will be issued,  transferred and delivered
on  December  18,  2004,  or as soon as  practicable  thereafter,  by  Buyer  to
Elizabeth  Buntrock.  Elizabeth  Buntrock shall execute any and all documents as
may be  reasonable  and necessary to permit Buyer to comply with all federal and
state  securities  laws  respecting  the  issuance  and  delivery  of the  Third
Extension Shares. The Third Extension Shares shall be restricted securities,  in
accordance  with  applicable  securities  laws,  and  shall  include  "piggyback
registration"  rights,  in accordance with a stock purchase  agreement in a form
substantially  similar  to the Stock  Purchase  Agreement.  The Third  Extension
Shares shall constitute an additional non-refundable Deposit under the Contract.

         8. In the event of any conflict between the terms and provisions of the
Contract  and  the  terms  and  provisions  of this  Amendment,  the  terms  and
provisions of this Amendment shall control and prevail, and otherwise, except as
modified herein, the Contract shall continue in full force and effect.

         9. That all, each and every of the terms,  covenants and  conditions in
the Contract which are not inconsistent herewith are hereby expressly confirmed,
ratified and declared to be in full force and effect.

         10. This Agreement may be modified only by written modification hereto,
signed by each of the parties hereto.
<PAGE>

         11. This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an  original,  but all of which will  constitute  the same
agreement, and by facsimile.

         12. The laws of the State of Florida  (without  regard to  conflicts of
law) shall govern the validity, construction,  enforcement and interpretation of
this Amendment.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  this AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO AGREEMENT FOR PURCHASE AND
SALE has been executed by the parties hereto on the day and year indicated.

Signed, sealed and delivered                     Seller:
in the presence of:


                                                 LAKES HOLDING TRUST U/A DATED
                                                 July 27, 2001

- ------------------------------                   By: /s/ Elizabeth Buntrock
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                     Name:   Elizabeth Buntrock
- ------------------------------                            ----------------------
                                                     Title:  Owner
                                                           ---------------------
                                                     Dated: 29 Nov 4
                                                           ---------------------
                                                  Buyer:

                                                  AGU ENTERTAINMENT CORP.,
                                                  a Colorado corporation

                                                  By: /s/ David Levy
- -------------------------------                       --------------------------
                                                  Name: David Levy
                                                        ------------------------
- -------------------------------                   Title:  Pres.
                                                        ------------------------
                                                  Dated: 11-30-04
                                                        ------------------------

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
