
                                  EXHIBIT  99.1

NUTRACEA CLOSES PRIVATE PLACEMENT FOR $2.4 MILLION LED BY SDS CAPITAL PARNTERS
LLC.

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
- ---------------------
EL DORADO HILLS, CA., DECEMBER 23, 2004-NUTRACEA(R) (OTC BB: NTRZ) announced
today that it has completed a $2.4 million bridge loan private placement to
institutional and accredited investors

Steve Derby, Managing Partner of SDS Capital Partners LLC, a large institutional
investor, which led the $2.4M investment said, "We look forward to working with
NutraCea in the future to help execute their business model."

"The money will be very carefully allocated to execute on specific strategic
initiatives to accomplish our short and long term goals. The company anticipates
being able to access opportunistic mergers and acquisitions." said Brad Edson,
NutraCea's newly appointed President.

According to the Company, the $2.4M, which becomes immediately accessible to
NutraCea(R), will be allocated toward working capital, implementing an executive
management team, clinical trials and seeking other strategic alliances and
partnerships that all help to control their supply of rice bran and ultimately
control their destiny.

David Lerner, V.P of Sandgrain, the NASD investment banking firm, which acted as
the agent for this transaction stated, "We look forward to assisting NutraCea in
all of its future business endeavors."

NutraCea (OTC BULLETIN BOARD: NTRZ) is emerging as a pioneering, science-based
growth company.  NutraCea is focused on becoming the world's leading bio-medical
foods company through the development and distribution of its proprietary "super
foods," natural arthritic relief for humans and animals and "all natural"
cosmeceuticals and beauty aids.  The company is headquartered at 1261 Hawk's
Flight Court, El Dorado Hills, California 95762.

Interested  persons  are  encouraged  to  visit  the  company's  website  at
http://www.nutracea.com
- -----------------------

This release contains statements that are forward looking.  These statements are
made  based  upon current expectations that are subject to risk and uncertainty.
The Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements in this news
release  to  reflect  actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other
factors  affecting  such  forward-looking  information.  Assumptions  and  other
information  that  could  cause  results  to  differ from those set forth in the
forward-looking  information  can  be  found  in  the Company's filings with the
Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,  including  most  recent periodic report.

Public  Relations  Contact:
Margie  Adelman  at  NutraCea(R)
916-933-7000  ext.  646
916-220-3500  cell


<PAGE>

