
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

ELINEAR ANNOUNCES THE PROMOTION OF MICHAEL LEWIS TO CEO

HOUSTON,  TEXAS,  December 22, 2004 - eLinear, Inc. (AMEX:  ELU) announced today
that  it  has  promoted  Michael  Lewis to Chief Executive Officer; he will also
retain  the  title of President.  Since joining the company in May of this year,
Mr.  Lewis  has  been  instrumental  in  improving  sales  and  in executing the
company's  merger  and  acquisition  business  model;  most  recently  in making
eLinear's  acquisition  of  TanSeco.  Mr. Lewis will join the Board of Directors
effective  January  1, 2005.  Kevan Casey has resigned his post as CEO, but will
remain  as  Chairman  of  the  Board,  Chairman  of  the Executive Committee and
Managing  Director  of  Business  Development.

Mr.  Lewis  has  served  as  the company's Executive Vice President of Sales and
Operations  since  May  25, 2004, and became its President in August, 2004.  Mr.
Lewis  has  more  than 19 years experience in the technology systems integration
industry.  Mr.  Lewis  served  as  President  of  LIBAC  Corporation, a start-up
software  company  targeted  at the financial printing industry from May 2002 to
May  2004.  Prior  to  LIBAC,  from  December  2001 to August 2002, he was Chief
Operating  Officer for UnBound Technologies, a wireless technology company which
Mr.  Lewis  helped  develop  from a start-up through a business integration with
Sprint  PCS.  Mr.  Lewis served as Senior Vice President and General Manager for
Computer  Tech,  a  Houston-based  integrator, from November 1996 to March 2001,
where  he  led  a team that doubled revenues to $150 million and tripled profits
over that period of time.  Prior to that position, Mr. Lewis served as a General
Manager  for CompuCom Systems, Inc. where his area of responsibility grew to $80
million in sales from March 1991 through October 1996.

Kevan  Casey,  Chairman  of eLinear, stated, "I am very pleased with the results
that Mike has been able to achieve for eLinear as its President.  I believe that
Mike  brings  the  level  of expertise that eLinear needs to continue to achieve
significant  growth in revenue and margins.  He has delivered consistent results
in  rapidly growing companies and achieving bottom line profitability and I have
confidence  that  he  will guide eLinear in expanding the company's national and
international presence as he has demonstrated throughout his career."

Mike  Lewis, Chief Executive Officer, stated "I am excited about building on the
efforts  of  the founders, and fully expect eLinear to achieve the high goals we
have  set  as  a  company.  eLinear  is  well  positioned  to  capitalize on the
investments made this year. I look forward to a productive year."

About  eLinear,  Inc.

eLinear,  Inc.  is  a  communications, security and compliance company providing
integrated  technology solutions including information and physical security, IP
Telephony  and  network  and  storage  solutions infrastructure.  Typically, the
company's  customers  are  Fortune  2000  and  small  to  medium  sized business
organizations.  eLinear's  services are offered to companies seeking to increase
productivity  or  reduce  costs  through investing in technology.  eLinear has a
national and international footprint and has its headquarters in Houston, Texas.

SAFE  HARBOR  STATEMENT

This  press  release  contains  statements  that  may constitute forward-looking
statements,  including  the  company's ability to realize the projected revenues
from the newly announced project orders and the future strength of the company's
business  and  industry.  These statements are based on current expectations and
assumptions  and  involve  a  number of uncertainties and risks that could cause
actual  results  to  differ  materially  from  those  currently  expected.  For
additional  information  about  eLinear's future business and financial results,
refer  to  eLinear's  Annual Report on Form 10-KSB/A for the year ended December
31,  2003,  and  Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended September
30,  2004.  eLinear  undertakes  no  obligation  to  update  any forward-looking
statement  that  may  be  made from time to time by or on behalf of the company,
whether  as  a  result  of  new  information,  future  events  or  otherwise.


<PAGE>
FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT:
BRIAN STANTON

PHONE:   (713) 896-0500
E-MAIL:  INVESTORRELATIONS@ELINEAR.COM
         -----------------------------


<PAGE>

