


Exhibit 10.2   Confidentiality



                                 CONFIDENTIALITY

     THIS CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is executed and delivered
on this 17th day of December 2004, by and between Silistra Municipality, (herein
after  SILISTRA) a municipality  in Bulgaria,  with offices at 33, Simeon Veliki
Str., Silistra 7500,  Bulgaria,  and Biosphere  Development Corp.,  (hereinafter
BDC) a subsidiary of Global  Environmental Energy Corp (NASDAQ OTCBB: GEEC; DAX:
LFT) located at Magna Carta Court Nassau Bahamas.

WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS,  SILISTRA  together with its,  affiliates,  assigns and designees,
would like to enter into discussions with BDC which  discussions are intended to
lead to the formation of a Joint Venture Company (hereinafter "JVC") on terms to
be agreed between BDC and SILISTRA,

     WHEREAS,  SILISTRA  and BDC,  via the  intended  JVC intend to employ BDC's
supply Biosphere(TM)Technology,

     WHEREAS,  in  connection  with same,  BDC may disclose to SILISTRA  certain
confidential information, referred to herein as the "Confidential Information".

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
parties hereby agree as follows:

Restriction on Use of Confidential Information.
     SILISTRA agrees to receive the Confidential Information in confidence,  and
     agrees not to use the Confidential  Information for any purpose, other than
     to fulfill its obligations to BDC.

Restriction on Disclosure of Confidential Information.
     SILISTRA agrees not to disclose the  Confidential  Information to any third
     party,   other  than  (a)  to   SILISTRA's   agents  and   employees   (the
     "Representatives")  who have a need to know the  Confidential  information,
     provided that each such  Representative  receiving any of the  Confidential
     Information  shall be advised of the confidential  nature of same and shall
     be under the same obligation of maintaining  such information in confidence
     either by reason of his or her employment by  Subcontractor or by reason of
     a valid and enforceable Confidentiality Agreement between Subcontractor and
     its Representatives,  or (b) to governmental or regulatory authorities upon
     subpoena or similar  process or request;  or (c) as  otherwise  required by
     law, without the prior written consent of BDC.



<PAGE>



Compelled Disclosure.
     SILISTRA agrees that if it or its  Representatives are legally compelled to
     disclose any portion of the  Confidential  Information,  by oral questions,
     interrogatories,  requests for  production  of documents,  subpoena,  civil
     investigative demand or similar process, SILISTRA shall promptly notify BDC
     so that either party may seek an appropriate  protective  order.  SILISTRSA
     acknowledges  that GCCE as the parent of Biosphere  will filed all required
     paper work with the SEC upon the signing of this agreement.

Return of Confidential Information.
     SILISTRA  agrees  that upon  written  request of BDC at any time,  SILISTRA
     shall  promptly   return  to  BDC  all  copies  in  whatever  form  of  all
     Confidential  Information and shall promptly  destroy all notes,  summaries
     and  other   materials   incorporating,   analyzing  or  summarizing   such
     Confidential Information.

Indemnity.
     SILISTRA  agrees to protect,  defend,  indemnify and hold BDC harmless from
     and against any and all lawsuits, liabilities,  damages, costs and expenses
     (including attorneys fees and costs) incurred or sustained by SILISTRA as a
     result of any action taken by BDC or its Representatives.

     The obligations set forth above regarding  Confidential  Information  shall
     not apply to information, which SILISTRA can show:

          a.  was at the  time  of its  disclosure  to  SILISTRA  hereunder,  or
          thereafter  became  without  fault  on the  part  of  SILISTRA  or its
          Representatives,  a part of the public domain  through  publication or
          otherwise;

          b.  was  in  SILISTRA's  possession  prior  to its  disclosure  by BDC
          hereunder as evidenced by written  records kept in the ordinary course
          of business by SILISTRA or by proof of actual  prior use by  SILISTRA,
          and was not acquired by SILISTRA  directly or  indirectly  from BDC or
          from any third party under an obligation of confidentiality; or

          c. is, subsequent to the disclosure to SILISTRA  hereunder,  disclosed
          to SILISTRA without obligation of confidentiality by a third party who
          did not acquire  the same,  directly  or  indirectly,  from BDC or any
          third party under an obligation of confidentiality.

     An  individual  feature  of  the  Confidential  Information  shall  not  be
     considered  within  the above  exceptions  merely  because  the  feature is
     embraced by more general  information within the exceptions.  A combination
     of features of Confidential  Information shall not be considered within the
     above  exceptions  unless  the  combination  itself  and its  principle  of
     operation are within the exceptions.


<PAGE>



Governing Law.
     This  Agreement,  and its  validity,  construction  and  effect,  shall  be
     governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas.

Severability.
     In the event that any term,  condition or  provision  of this  Agreement is
     held to be  unenforceable  by any  court or other  duly  constituted  legal
     authority,  the remainder of this Agreement  shall remain in full force and
     effect.

Survival.
     Except as  otherwise  provided  herein,  the terms and  provisions  of this
     Agreement shall  indefinitely  survive the termination or expiration of and
     relationship between BDC and SILISTRA.

Exchange.
     It is  agreed  between  the  parties  hereto  that  this  agreement  may be
     exchanged by facsimile.


Executed and effective as of the date first set forth hereinabove.


The Municipality of Silistra

Witnessed

By /s/ Mr. Ivo Andonov
- --------------------------
Mr Ivo Andonov,
Mayor of Silistra
For and on behalf of
The Municipality of Silistra.
Dated:


Biosphere Development Corp.

Witnessed

By: /s/Dr. CA McCormack
- --------------------------
Dr. C. A. McCormack
President & Chief Executive Officer
Biosphere Development Corp.
For and on behalf of
Biosphere Development Corp.
Dated:





