-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 TviHbKReLR/Q75BrxheKT1GEyuc+OI66QF+NrvYje9vBak+fmfz/S9SYkASy5Kzi
 P0W/xHblkEjJRlLQdwqdsg==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950117-04-004549.txt : 20041223
<SEC-HEADER>0000950117-04-004549.hdr.sgml : 20041223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041223091545
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950117-04-004549
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QUAKER FABRIC CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000103341
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BROADWOVEN FABRIC MILS, MAN MADE FIBER & SILK [2221]
		IRS NUMBER:				041933106
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0102

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07023
		FILM NUMBER:		041222457

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		941 GRINNELL ST.
		CITY:			FALL RIVER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02721
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5086781951

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		941 GRINNELL ST
		CITY:			FALL RIVER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02721

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VERTIPILE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870811
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a38957.txt
<DESCRIPTION>QUAKER FABRIC CORPORATION
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934


                                December 20, 2004
                Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)


                            QUAKER FABRIC CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)



Delaware                           1-7023                        04-1933106
(State of incorporation)   (Commission File Number)           (I.R.S. Employer
                                                             Identification No.)

941 Grinnell Street, Fall River, Massachusetts                     02721
(Address of principal executive offices)                         (Zip Code)


Registrant's telephone number, including area code            (508) 678-1951



         (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)


Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
    (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
    (17CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
    Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
    Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))





<PAGE>


                                      -2-


Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Quaker Fabric Corporation (the "Company") historically has financed its
operations and capital requirements through a combination of internally
generated funds, borrowings under the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined),
and debt and equity offerings. The Company's capital requirements have arisen
principally in connection with (i) the purchase of equipment to expand
production capacity, introduce new technologies to broaden and differentiate the
Company's products, and improve the Company's quality and productivity
performance, (ii) increases in the Company's working capital needs related to
its sales growth, and (iii) investments in the Company's information technology
systems.

The primary source of the Company's liquidity and capital resources in recent
years has been operating cash flow. The Company's net cash provided by operating
activities was $15.2 million and $22.8 million in the first nine months of 2004
and 2003, respectively. Cash provided by operating activities decreased during
2004 due principally to a reduction in net income of $4.8 million and a
reduction in the deferred tax provision. Historically, the Company has
supplemented its operating cash flow with borrowings under the Credit Agreement.

Capital expenditures in the first nine months of 2004 and 2003 were $12.1
million and $6.6 million, respectively. Capital expenditures during the first
nine months of 2004 were funded by operating cash flow. Management believes that
cash on hand, operating income and borrowings under the Credit Agreement (as
hereinafter defined), will provide sufficient funding for the Company's capital
expenditures, working capital and debt service needs for the foreseeable future,
subject to the favorable resolution of discussions with its Lenders (as
hereinafter defined) described below.

Quaker Fabric Corporation of Fall River, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company ("Quaker") issued $45.0 million of Senior Notes due October 2005 and
2007 (the Senior Notes) during 1997 under a Note Agreement (as amended, the
"Senior Note Agreement") with an insurance company (the "Insurance Company").
The Senior Notes are unsecured and bear interest at a fixed rate of 7.09% on
$15.0 million and 7.18% on $30.0 million. The Senior Notes may be prepaid in
whole or in part prior to maturity, at Quaker's option, subject to a yield
maintenance premium, as defined. Annual principal payments began on October 10,
2003 with a final payment due October 10, 2007. Annual principal payment amounts
are three payments of $5.0 million beginning in October 2003 (of which only the
October 2005 payment is unpaid as of December 20, 2004), followed by two
payments of $15.0 million beginning in 2006.

On February 14, 2002, Quaker issued $5.0 million of 7.56% Series A Notes due
February 2009 (the "Series A Notes") under a Note Purchase Agreement (as
amended, the "Series A Note Agreement" and together with the Senior Note
Agreement, the "Note Agreements") with the Insurance Company. The Series A Notes
are unsecured and bear interest at a fixed rate of 7.56%, payable semiannually.
The Series A Notes may be prepaid in whole or in part prior to maturity, at
Quaker's option, subject to a yield






<PAGE>


                                      -3-


maintenance premium, as defined. In addition, the Series A Note Agreement
includes a $45.0 million non-committed shelf note provision pursuant to which,
if the conditions to borrowing, including the consent of the Insurance Company,
were met, Quaker could issue additional senior notes prior to February 14, 2005
with maturity dates of up to ten years. Quaker does not anticipate issuing any
additional senior notes under the Series A Note Agreement.

The long term portion of the amounts outstanding under the Note Agreements was
classified as "current" on the Balance Sheet as of October 2, 2004 in accordance
with Emerging Issues Task Force Issue 86-30, "Classification of Obligations When
a Violation is Waived by the Creditor."

Quaker, two other subsidiaries of the Company and the Company, as guarantor, are
parties to a $60.0 million Credit Agreement with a bank (the "Bank," and the
Bank, together with the Insurance Company, the "Lenders") which expires January
31, 2007 (the "Credit Agreement"). The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving
credit facility and a letter of credit facility. See Note 5 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company's 2003 Annual Report
on Form 10-K.

The Company and/or Quaker are required to comply with a number of affirmative
and negative convenants under the Credit Agreement and the Note Agreements,
including, but not limited to, maintenance of certain financial tests and ratios
(including interest coverage ratios, net worth related ratios, and net worth
requirements); limitations on certain business activities of the Company and
Quaker; restrictions on the Company's and/or Quaker's ability to declare and pay
dividends, incur additional indebtedness, create certain liens, incur capital
lease obligations, make certain investments, engage in certain transactions with
stockholders and affiliates, and purchase, merge, or consolidate with or into
any other corporation.

On October 12, 2004, Quaker and the Company, as guarantor, entered into an
amendment, effective as of October 1, 2004, to the Note Agreements with the
Insurance Company. The amendment provides for a reduction in the Fixed Charge
Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Note Agreements) required to be maintained by
Quaker from 1.75 to 1.00, to 1.50 to 1.00 for the twelve (12) month period ended
on October 2, 2004 (the last day of the third fiscal quarter of 2004). In August
2004, Quaker, two other subsidiaries of the Company and the Company, as
guarantor, entered into a similar amendment to the Credit Agreement with the
Bank. The amendment to the Note Agreements also provides that (a) neither Quaker
nor any of its subsidiaries will create or permit to exist any Lien (as defined
in the Note Agreements) securing obligations under the Credit Agreement and (b)
before December 31, 2004 or at any time when a Default (as defined in the Note
Agreements) has occurred and is continuing, the Company will not declare or pay
any dividends on or make any distributions with respect, or purchase, redeem or
retire, any of its capital stock. As a result of the October 12, 2004 amendments
to the Note Agreements and the Credit Agreement, Quaker and the Company were in
compliance with their affirmative and negative covenants under those agreements
as of October 2, 2004.





<PAGE>


                                      -4-


On December 20, 2004, Quaker, two other subsidiaries of the Company and the
Company, as guarantor, entered into a Waiver and Amendment to the Credit
Agreement (the "Bank Waiver"). Pursuant to the terms of the Bank Waiver, Quaker,
the Company and the other signatories acknowledged that in the absence of a
waiver from the Bank, they anticipated that they would be in breach of both the
debt service coverage ratio covenant and the profitable operations covenant in
the Credit Agreement at year-end 2004 and that these breaches would constitute
Events of Default, as defined in the Credit Agreement (the "Specified Bank
Defaults"). In the Bank Waiver, the Bank agreed to waive the Specified Bank
Defaults through the period ending February 27, 2005 (the "Limited Bank Waiver
Period"), subject to certain conditions including, but not limited to, a
reduction in the Bank's Commitment, as defined in the Credit Agreement, from
$60.0 million to $40.0 million and the Bank's receipt of fully executed copies
of a similar waiver from the Insurance Company with respect to the fixed charge
coverage requirements set forth in the Note Agreements. In the Bank Waiver,
Quaker, the Company and the other signatories agreed that an Event of Default
under the Credit Agreement will exist on February 28, 2005 and that at such time
the Bank will have all of its rights and remedies as a result of the existance
of an Event of Default. As of December 20, 2004, there were no loans outstanding
under the Credit Agreement, approximately $4.7 million of letters of credit and
unused availability (after the reduction of the Bank's Commitment described
above) of $35.3 million.

On December 22, 2004, Quaker and the Company, as guarantor, entered into a
waiver agreement with respect to the Note Agreements with the Insurance Company
(the "Insurance Company Waiver"). Pursuant to the terms of the Insurance Company
Waiver, Quaker and the Company acknowledged that in the absence of a waiver from
the Insurance Company, Quaker and the Company anticipated that they would be in
breach of the fixed charge coverage covenant in the Note Agreements at year-end
2004 and that this breach would constitute an Event of Default, as defined in
the Note Agreements (the "Specificied Insurance Company Default"). In the
Insurance Company Waiver, the Insurance Company agreed to waive the Specified
Insurance Company Default through the period ending February 27, 2005 (the
"Limited Insurance Company Waiver period"), subject to certain conditions
including, but not limited to, the Insurance Company's receipt of fully executed
copies of a similar waiver from the Bank with respect to the debt service
coverage ratio covenant and the profitable operations covenant set forth in the
Credit Agreement. In the Insurance Company Waiver, Quaker and the Company agreed
that an Event of Default under the Note Agreements will exist on February 28,
2005 and that at such time the Insurance Company will have all of its rights and
remedies as a result of the existance of an Event of Default. As of December 22,
2004, Quaker owed $40.0 million of principal plus accrued interest under the
Note Agreements.

The Company is in discussions with the Lenders regarding additional amendments
to the Note Agreements and the Credit Agreement seeking to reduce the financial
covenant maintenance and incurrence requirements under those agreements going
forward to levels that the Company believes will be achievable by them under
anticipated conditions in the industry. Any such further amendments to the Note
Agreements or the Credit Agreement





<PAGE>


                                      -5-


may also include other changes to the terms of those agreements which may be
unfavorable to the Company including, but not limited to, the grant of security
interests to the Lenders to secure the payment and performance of Quaker's and
the Company's obligations under the Note Agreements and the Credit Agreement and
restrictions on Quaker's and the Company's capital expenditures going forward.
There can be no assurance that the Company will reach agreement with the Lenders
to amend the Note Agreements or the Credit Agreement on terms acceptable to the
Company, or at all. The Company may be required to seek alternate financing
sources, the terms of which financing, if obtainable, may be disadvantageous to
the Company. Based upon the anticipated performance of the Company for the
foreseeable future, and absent appropriate additional waivers from the Lenders,
the failure to obtain such amendments would likely result in an Event of Default
under the Note Agreements and the Credit Agreement and the inability to borrow
under the Credit Agreement no later than February 28, 2005.

No dividends were paid on the Company's common stock prior to fiscal 2003.
During the first quarter of fiscal 2003, the Board of Directors adopted a new
dividend policy. This policy provides for future dividends to be declared at the
discretion of the Board of Directors, based on the Board's quarterly evaluation
of the Company's results of operations, cash requirements, financial conditions
and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. In the first nine months of 2004
and in 2003, the Company paid cash dividends of $1.5 million or $0.09 per common
share and $1.3 million or $0.075 per common share, respectively. As noted above,
the Company has agreed with its Lenders not to declare or pay any dividends or
distributions before December 31, 2004 or at any time when a Default has
occurred and is continuing. It is anticipated that any further amendments to the
Note Agreements or the Credit Agreement, or any agreements for alternate
financing, may prohibit the declaration or payment of dividends.

The foregoing descriptions of the Bank Waiver and the Insurance Company Waiver
are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Bank Waiver and the
Insurance Company Waiver, which are filed as Exhibits 10.10 and 10.11 to this
Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.





<PAGE>


                                      -6-


Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

(c)  Exhibits

10.10    Waiver Agreement dated as of December 22, 2004 to the Note Agreement
         dated as of October 10, 1997 and the Note Purchase and Private Shelf
         Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2002 by and among Quaker Fabric
         Corporation of Fall River, Pruco Life Insurance Company and The
         Prudential Insurance Company of America.

10.11    Waiver and Amendment dated as of December 20, 2004 to Second Amended
         and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 14, 2002 by and
         among Quaker Fabric Corporation of Fall River, Quaker Textile
         Corporation and Quaker Fabric Mexico, S.A. de C.V., as Borrowers,
         Quaker Fabric Corporation, as Parent, and Fleet National Bank, as the
         Lender.






<PAGE>


                                      -7-


                                   SIGNATURES


         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.




                                                   QUAKER FABRIC CORPORATION
                                                          (Registrant)



Date:  December 23, 2004                             /s/ Paul J. Kelly
                                                   -------------------------
                                                   Paul J. Kelly
                                                   Vice President - Finance and
                                                   Treasurer






<PAGE>


                                      -8-


                                                                   EXHIBIT INDEX

10.10    Waiver Agreement dated as of December 22, 2004 to the Note Agreement
         dated as of October 10, 1997 and the Note Purchase and Private Shelf
         Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2002 by and among Quaker Fabric
         Corporation of Fall River, Pruco Life Insurance Company and The
         Prudential Insurance Company of America.

10.11    Waiver and Amendment dated as of December 20, 2004 to Second Amended
         and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 14, 2002 by and
         among Quaker Fabric Corporation of Fall River, Quaker Textile
         Corporation and Quaker Fabric Mexico, S.A. de C.V., as Borrowers,
         Quaker Fabric Corporation, as Parent, and Fleet National Bank, as the
         Lender.




                            STATEMENT OF DIFFERENCES
                            ------------------------

The section symbol shall be expressed as ................................ 'SS'



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.10
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.10




                                                    as of December 22, 2004


Quaker Fabric Corporation of Fall River
941 Grinnell Street
Fall River, Massachusetts 02721
Attention:  Mr. Paul J. Kelly

         Re:  Waiver to Note Agreements

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         Reference is hereby made to the Note Agreement dated as of October 10,
1997 (as amended and in effect on the date hereof, the "1997 Note Agreement")
and the Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement dated as of February 14, 2002
(as amended and in effect on the date hereof, the "2002 Note Agreement" and,
together with the 1997 Note Agreement, the "Note Agreements") in each case
between Quaker Fabric Corporation of Fall River, a Massachusetts corporation
(the "Company"), and the Purchasers identified therein. All capitalized terms
used herein without definition that are defined in the Note Agreements shall
have the same meanings herein as therein. All accounting terms used herein and
not otherwise defined shall be used in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.

         The Company and the Guarantor have informed Prudential that for the
fiscal quarter ending on January 1, 2005, they anticipate that the Fixed Charge
Ratio for the prior four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending on January 1,
2005 will be less than 1.75 to 1.00. Each of the Company and the Guarantor
acknowledges and agrees that such performance results will constitute an Event
of Default (the "Specified Default") under Subparagraph 6D of each Note
Agreement.

         The Company and the Guarantor have now requested, and by its signature
below each of the Purchasers agrees to grant, a limited waiver in respect of the
Specified Default subject to the terms and conditions provided herein. In
consideration of the Purchasers' agreement to waive the Specified Default
through the period ending February 27, 2005 (the "Limited Waiver Period"), the
Company and the Guarantor agree that:

                  1. an Event of Default will exist on February 28, 2005 and
         that at such time the Purchasers will have all of their rights and
         remedies as a result of the existence of an Event of Default under the
         Note Agreements, the Guaranties and any other document, instrument or





<PAGE>


         agreement executed in connection therewith or otherwise evidencing any
         extensions of credit made by the Purchasers to the Company;

                  2. notwithstanding the waiver set forth herein, the Purchasers
         shall be entitled to the inspection rights set forth in Subparagraph 5C
         of each Note Agreement at the Company's expense;

                  3. except as expressly set forth herein, this letter shall not
         alter, release, discharge or otherwise affect any of their obligations
         under the Note Agreeements, the Guaranties or otherwise under any other
         document, instrument or agreement executed in connection therewith
         under which such Person acts as a primary or secondary obligor; and

                  4. each of the Company and the Guarantor will comply and will
         continue to comply with all of the terms, covenants and provisions
         contained in the Note Agreements and the Guaranties.

         The Purchasers' agreements contained herein shall become effective upon
the satisfaction of the following conditions:

                  (a) each of the Company and the Guarantor shall have executed
         and delivered to Prudential counterparts of this letter; and

                  (b) the Purchasers shall have received fully executed copies
         of waiver documentation, in form and substance satisfactory to
         Prudential, to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated
         as of February 14, 2002 (as amended, the "Credit Agreement") between
         the Company and the bank lenders identified therein pursuant to which
         the bank lenders have waived compliance with the provisions of the
         Credit Agreement and any other applicable document relating thereto
         with respect to the Debt Service Coverage Ratio and EBIT requirements
         set forth therein, in each case for the duration of the Limited Waiver
         Period.

         This letter agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts,
but all such counterparts shall together constitute but one instrument. In
making proof of this letter agreement it shall not be necessary to produce or
account for more than one counterpart signed by each party hereto by and against
which enforcement hereof is sought.

                  [Remainder of page intentionally left blank]






<PAGE>


         If the foregoing terms are acceptable to you, we request that you
indicate your agreement to these provisions by signing the counterpart of this
letter enclosed herewith and returning such counterpart to us.

                                                Very truly yours,

                  THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA


                                                By: /s/ Kevin Kraska
                                                    -------------------
                                                    Name:  Kevin Kraska
                                                    Title: Vice President


                                                PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY


                                                By: /s/ Kevin Kraska
                                                    -------------------
                                                    Name:  Kevin Kraska
                                                    Title: Asst Vice President

ACCEPTED AND AGREED
as of December 22, 2004

QUAKER FABRIC CORPORATION OF FALL RIVER


By: /s/ Paul J. Kelly
    -----------------
    Name: Paul J. Kelly
    Title: Vice President Finance & CFO


QUAKER FABRIC CORPORATION


By: /s/ Paul J. Kelly
    -----------------
    Name: Paul J. Kelly
    Title: Vice President Finance & CFO






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-11.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.11
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.11

                               FLEET NATIONAL BANK


                                                   as of December 20, 2004


Quaker Fabric Corporation of Fall River
941 Grinnell Street
Fall River, Massachusetts 02721
Attention:  Mr. Paul J. Kelly

     Re: Waiver and Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     Reference is hereby made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement dated as of February 14, 2002 (as amended and in effect from time to
time, the "Credit Agreement"), by and among (a) Quaker Fabric Corporation of
Fall River, a Massachusetts corporation (the "Company"), Quaker Textile
Corporation, a Massachusetts corporation ("Quaker Textile") and Quaker Fabric
Mexico, S.A. de C.V., a Mexican corporation ("Quaker Mexico", and collectively
with the Company and Quaker Textile, the "Borrowers"), (b) Quaker Fabric
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Parent"), and (c) Fleet National Bank
(formerly known as The First National Bank of Boston, "Fleet"). All capitalized
terms used herein without definition that are defined in the Credit Agreement,
as amended and in effect on the date hereof, shall have the same meanings herein
as therein. All accounting terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall be
used in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

     The Borrowers and the Parent have informed Fleet that, for the fiscal
quarter ending on January 1, 2005, they anticipate that (i) the Debt Service
Coverage Ratio for the prior four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters ending on
January 1, 2005 will be less than 1.50 to 1.00 and (ii) EBIT for the prior two
(2) consecutive fiscal quarters ending on January 1, 2005 will be less than
$1.00. Each of the Borrowers and the Parent acknowledges and agrees that such
performance results will constitute Events of Default (the "Specified Defaults")
under 'SS''SS' 5.23(b) and (e), respectively, of the Credit Agreement.

     The Borrowers and the Parent have now requested, and by its signature below
Fleet agrees to grant, a limited waiver in respect of the Specified Defaults
subject to the terms and conditions provided herein. In consideration of Fleet's
agreement to waive the Specified Defaults through the period ending February 27,
2005 (the "Limited Waiver Period"), the Borrowers and the Parent agree that:





<PAGE>


          1. an Event of Default will exist on February 28, 2005 and that at
     such time Fleet will have all of it's rights and remedies as a result of
     the existence of an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement and any
     other document, instrument or agreement executed in connection therewith or
     otherwise evidencing any extensions of credit made by Fleet to the
     Borrowers;

          2. from and after the date hereof through the Maturity Date, the
     "Commitment" under and as defined in the Credit Agreement shall be reduced
     from $60,000,000 to $40,000,000, as such amount may be further reduced
     pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Agreement;

          3. except as expressly set forth herein, this letter shall not alter,
     release, discharge or otherwise affect any of their obligations under the
     Credit Agreement or otherwise under any other document, instrument or
     agreement executed in connection therewith under which such Person acts as
     a secondary obligor; and

          4. each of the Borrowers and the Parent will comply and continue to
     comply will all of the terms, covenants and provisions contained in the
     Credit Agreement.

     Fleet's agreements contained herein shall become effective the upon
satisfaction of the following conditions:

          (a) Each of the Borrowers and the Parent shall have executed and
     delivered to Fleet counterparts of this letter; and

          (b) Fleet shall have received fully executed copies of waiver
     documentation, in form and substance satisfactory to Fleet, between one or
     more of the Borrowers and the holders of the Senior Notes pursuant to which
     the holders of the Senior Notes have waived compliance with the provisions
     of the Note Agreement, the Additional Note Agreement and any other
     applicable document relating to the Senior Notes with respect to the fixed
     charge coverage requirements set forth therein, in each case for the
     duration of the Limited Waiver Period.

     This letter agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, but
all such counterparts shall together constitute but one instrument. In making
proof of this letter agreement it shall not be necessary to produce or account
for more than one counterpart signed by each party hereto by and against which
enforcement hereof is sought.

                  [Remainder of page intentionally left blank]






<PAGE>


     If the foregoing terms are acceptable to you, we request that you indicate
your agreement to these provisions by signing the counterpart of this letter
enclosed herewith and returning such counterpart to us.


                                       Very truly yours,

                                       FLEET NATIONAL BANK,
                                       (f/k/a The First National Bank of Boston)


                                       By: /s/ Christopher S. Allen
                                           ------------------------
                                           Name: Christopher S. Allen
                                           Title: S.V.P.


ACCEPTED AND AGREED
as of December 20, 2004

QUAKER FABRIC CORPORATION OF FALL RIVER


By: /s/ Paul J. Kelly
   ---------------------------------
        Name:  Paul J. Kelly
        Title: Vice President Finance & CFO


QUAKER TEXTILE CORPORATION


By: /s/ Paul J. Kelly
   ---------------------------------
        Name:  Paul J. Kelly
        Title: Vice President Finance & CFO


QUAKER FABRIC MEXICO, S.A. de C.V.


By: /s/ Paul J. Kelly
   ---------------------------------
        Name:  Paul J. Kelly
        Title: Vice President Finance & CFO


QUAKER FABRIC CORPORATION


By: /s/ Paul J. Kelly
   ---------------------------------
        Name:  Paul J. Kelly
        Title: Vice President Finance & CFO




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
