

<PAGE>


                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1
                                    PRESS RELEASE OF INTERNATIONAL PAPER COMPANY


[INTERNATIONAL PAPER LETTERHEAD]


                                                       INTERNATIONAL PAPER PLAZA
                                                       400 ATLANTIC STREET
                                                       STAMFORD, CT 06921

News Release

CONTACTS:
- ---------

         Media:        Jennifer Boardman,  203-541-8407
         ------        Kathleen Bark, 203-541-8418

         Investors:    Darial Sneed, 203-541-8541
         ----------    Brian Turcotte, 203-541-8632


           International Paper Elects Walter to its Board of Directors

STAMFORD, Conn. - Dec. 20, 2004 - International Paper (NYSE: IP) today announced
the election of William G. Walter to its board of directors. Mr. Walter is
chairman, president and chief executive officer of FMC Corp. The election will
be effective on Jan. 1, 2005.

"Bill brings a tremendous amount of industrial and manufacturing experience to
our board, and International Paper will benefit from his expertise," said John
Faraci, IP's chairman and chief executive officer.

Mr. Walter joined FMC in 1974 and has served in various positions including
executive vice president; vice president and general manager, Specialty
Chemicals Group; general manager, Alkali Chemicals Division; director of
commercial operations, Agricultural Products Group; general manager, Defense
Systems International Division; and director of marketing and sales for FMC's
former Construction Equipment Group.

He is a member of the board of directors of both the American Chemistry Council
and the National Association of Manufacturers. He is also a member of The
Business Roundtable and serves on its Environment, Technology and Economy and
International Trade and Investment task forces. In addition, he serves on the
executive committee of the Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce.

Mr. Walter received a bachelor of science degree in economics from Loras College
and a master of business administration degree in marketing and finance from
Northwestern University.




<PAGE>


International Paper (http://www.internationalpaper.com) is the world's largest
paper and forest products company. Businesses include paper, packaging, and
forest products. As one of the largest private forest landowners in the world,
the company manages its forests under the principles of the Sustainable Forestry
Initiative'r' (SFI) program, a system that ensures the continual planting,
growing and harvesting of trees while protecting wildlife, plants, soil, air and
water quality. Headquartered in the United States, International Paper has
operations in over 40 countries and sells its products in more than 120 nations.


                                     # # #




