
                                    AMENDMENT
                                     to the
                         POOLING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT
                          dated as of September 1, 2004
                                      among
                              ACE SECURITIES CORP.,
                             OCWEN FEDERAL BANK FSB,
                           WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., and
                       HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

          ACE Securities Corp. Home Equity Loan Trust, Series 2004-SD1
                     Asset Backed Pass-Through Certificates


         This AMENDMENT (this "Amendment") is made and is effective as of this
18th day of November, 2004, among ACE Securities Corp., as depositor (the
"Depositor"), Ocwen Federal Bank FSB, as servicer (the "Servicer"), Wells Fargo
Bank, N.A., as master servicer (the "Master Servicer") and securities
administrator (the "Securities Administrator") and HSBC Bank USA, National
Association, as (the "Trustee"), to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement relating
to the above-captioned Asset Backed Pass-Through Certificates, dated as of
September 1, 2004 (the "Pooling and Servicing Agreement"), among the Depositor,
the Servicer, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator and the Trustee.

                                    RECITALS
                                    --------

         WHEREAS, the parties hereto are entering into this Amendment pursuant
to the first paragraph of Section 12.01 of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.

         NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and of the mutual covenants herein
contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

         SECTION 1. DEFINED TERMS. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein
shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.

         SECTION 2. AMENDMENT. The parties hereto agree to amend the Pooling and
Servicing Agreement as provided herein:

         (a) The definition of "Prepayment Period" in Section 1.01 of the
Pooling and Servicing Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the definition in
its entirety and replacing it with the following:

                  "Prepayment Period": With respect to prepayments in
                  part, the prior calendar month; with respect to
                  prepayments in full, the period from the 16th day of
                  the prior calendar month to the 15th day of the
                  month in which the Distribution Date occurs.


<PAGE>

         (b) Section 5.03(b) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement is hereby
amended by adding the following provision to the end of the first paragraph:

                  Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, for
                  purposes of the Servicer's determination of whether
                  or not a P&I Advance is required to be made on a
                  Mortgage Loan for which the Mortgagor has failed to
                  make one or more Monthly Payments due on such
                  Mortgage Loan on or prior to the Cut-off Date, any
                  Monthly Payment received by the Servicer during the
                  Due Period relating to such Servicer Remittance Date
                  shall be deemed to be the Monthly Payment due during
                  such Due Period and the Servicer shall not be
                  required to make a P&I Advance with respect to such
                  Mortgage Loan. In addition, no portion of such
                  Monthly Payment received on such Mortgage Loan will
                  constitute the receipt of an Arrearage with respect
                  to such Mortgage Loan unless all Monthly Payments
                  required to be made on such Mortgage Loan for all
                  prior Due Periods occurring subsequent to the
                  Cut-off Date have been received by the Servicer.

                   SECTION 3. LIMITED EFFECT. Except as expressly amended and
modified by this Amendment, the Pooling and Servicing Agreement shall continue
in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. Reference to this
Amendment need not be made in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement or any other
instrument or document executed in connection therewith or herewith, or in any
certificate, letter or communication issued or made pursuant to, or with respect
to, the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, any reference in any of such items to
the Pooling and Servicing Agreement being sufficient to refer to the Pooling and
Servicing Agreement as amended hereby.

                  SECTION 4. GOVERNING LAW. This Amendment shall be construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the obligations, rights
and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with
such laws without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof.

                  SECTION 5. COUNTERPARTS. This Amendment may be executed
simultaneously in any number of counterparts, each of which counterparts shall
be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts shall constitute but one and
the same instrument.

                  SECTION 6. SEVERABILITY OF PROVISIONS. If any one or more of
the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Amendment for any reason
whatsoever shall be held invalid, then such covenants, agreements, provisions or
terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements,
provisions or terms of this Amendment and shall in no way affect the validity or
enforceability of the other provisions of this Amendment.

                  SECTION 7. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. The provisions of this
Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective
successors and assigns of the parties hereto, and all such provisions shall
inure to the benefit of the Certificateholders.

                  SECTION 8. SECTION HEADINGS. The section headings used in this
Amendment are for convenience of reference only, and shall not limit or
otherwise affect the meaning hereof.



                                  2

<PAGE>



                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Amendment to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of
the day and year first above written.

                                                     ACE SECURITIES CORP.,
                                                     as Depositor

                                                     By: /s/ Douglas K. Johnson
                                                        ------------------------
                                                     Name:   Douglas K. Johnson
                                                     Title:  President


                                                     By: /s/ Evelyn Echevarria
                                                        ------------------------
                                                     Name:   Evelyn Echevarria
                                                     Title:  Vice President


                                                     OCWEN FEDERAL BANK FSB,
                                                     as Servicer

                                                     By: /s/ Richard Delgado
                                                        ------------------------
                                                     Name:   Richard Delgado
                                                     Title:  Vice President


                                                     HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL
                                                     ASSOCIATION,
                                                     not in its individual
                                                     capacity but solely as
                                                     Trustee

                                                     By: /s/ Susie Moy
                                                        ------------------------
                                                     Name:   Susie Moy
                                                     Title:  Vice President


                                                     WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.,
                                                     as Master Servicer and
                                                     Securities Administrator

                                                     By: /s/ Peter A. Gobel
                                                        ------------------------
                                                     Name:   Peter A. Gobel
                                                     Title:  Vice President

