

                                                                 Exhibit 99.1


 Company: Jack Henry & Associates, Inc.   Analyst Contact:  Kevin D. Williams
          663 Highway 60, P.O. Box 807            Chief Financial Officer
          Monett, MO 65708                        (417) 235-6652

                                          IR Contact:  Jon Seegert
                                                  Director Investor Relations
                                                  (417) 235-6652

   FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
   ---------------------

           JACK HENRY & ASSOCIATES ANNOUNCES THE ACQUISITION OF THE
                  SERSYNERGY DIVISION OF SER SOLUTIONS, INC.

 Monett, MO  -  December 20, 2004 - Jack  Henry &  Associates, Inc.  (Nasdaq:
 JKHY), a  leading  provider of  integrated  computer systems  and  ATM/debit
 card/ACH  transaction  processing,  today  announced  its  purchase  of  the
 SERsynergy division of Virginia-based  SER Solutions, Inc.   SERsynergy[TM],
 the division's flagship  product, is a  market-leading intelligent  document
 management (IDM) solution for financial institutions of all sizes.  Terms of
 the transaction were not disclosed.

 SERsynergy is enabling more than 1,600  domestic and international financial
 institutions to further  automate their processes  by capturing,  archiving,
 and immediately retrieving images of all forms of paper-based and electronic
 documents.  The  IDM solution empowers  bank and credit  union personnel  to
 make better informed and more timely decisions by consolidating  enterprise-
 wide information into one system and  providing immediate desktop access  to
 the archived information.  The  state-of-the-art  system supports  all forms
 of  document content  including  COLD data,  check  images, signature cards,
 loan files,  deposit agreements,  emails,  correspondence,  and  photo  IDs.
 SERsynergy accommodates  report  data, statements,  and  customer  documents
 regardless of system origin, format, or layout; and content searches can  be
 conducted without using indexes, keywords, or Boolean operators.

 Unlike  traditional  document  storage  and  retrieval  systems,  SERsynergy
 ensures data integrity  and security by protecting  the  original data  from
 being  changed  or  manipulated  in  any  way.  This  system  also  enforces
 compliance with regulatory requirements related to the ID storage and  list-
 checking  provisions  of  the  USA  Patriot  Act,  and  the  data  security,
 integrity, and confidentiality provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.

 According to Tony L. Wormington, president of Jack Henry & Associates, "With
 the click of a button, SERsynergy  delivers the business information  needed
 to provide the service levels that  bank customers and credit union  members
 now expect.  In addition to improving the productivity and effectiveness  of
 service personnel,  this  IDM  solution enables  financial  institutions  to
 expand their self-service  offerings with  secure, Internet-based  statement
 delivery  and check  image  retrieval; and  to  reduce  operating  costs  by
 eliminating   microfiche,   microfilm,   and   physical   document   storage
 requirements.   SERsynergy  can  be  quickly  and  easily  implemented  with
 seamless interfaces to existing systems, application databases, and Internet
 banking  solutions.  And  the  intuitive  user  interface  allows  financial
 institutions to  maximize  the  system's  benefits  with  minimal  training,
 ongoing administration, and technical support."

 "The acquisition  of  the  SERsynergy  division  of  SER  marks  the  eighth
 consecutive acquisition  that will  expand  our offering  of  market-leading
 solutions that benefit  our existing bank  and credit  union clients,  while
 providing additional sales opportunities outside our client base," said Jack
 F. Prim, CEO  of  Jack  Henry  &  Associates.  "We  believe SERsynergy  is a
 competitively distinct solution that will further differentiate our  product
 and  service   offerings,  and   support  our   clients'  growth,   service,
 operational, and profit goals."

 "This acquisition is  projected to be  slightly accretive  to earnings  this
 fiscal year  and  will continue  to  expand  and increase  benefits  to  our
 stockholders and customers in the future,"  reported Kevin D. Williams,  CFO
 of Jack Henry & Associates. "We are confident this robust IDM solution  will
 continue to generate high-demand within the financial industry, and  provide
 considerable domestic and international growth potential based on the  sales
 and cross-sales opportunities we have identified."


 About SER Solutions, Inc.

 SER  Solutions,  Inc.  provides  innovative  software  solutions  that  help
 companies   achieve   unprecedented    efficiencies,   maximize    workplace
 productivity, and  enhance customer  service.   Following  the sale  of  its
 SERsynergy division, SER  will continue to  offer enterprise contact  center
 solutions that increase agent productivity  and improve quality of  service,
 and intelligent data  capture solutions  that streamline  document-intensive
 processes.  The company is headquartered in Dulles, Virginia with operations
 in North America and Europe.  Additional information about SER is  available
 at www.ser.com.


 About Jack Henry & Associates

 Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. is  a leading provider of integrated  computer
 systems  and  processor of ATM/debit  card/ACH  transactions for  banks  and
 credit unions.  Jack Henry markets  and supports its  systems throughout the
 United States,  and  has  approximately  5,900  customers  nationwide.   For
 additional information  on  Jack Henry,  visit  the company's  Web  site  at
 www.jackhenry.com.

 Statements made  in this  news release  that are  not historical  facts  are
 forward-looking information.   Actual  results  may differ  materially  from
 those projected in any forward-looking information.  Specifically, there are
 a number of  important factors  that could  cause actual  results to  differ
 materially  from  those  anticipated  by  any  forward-looking  information.
 Additional information on these  and other factors,  which could affect  the
 Company's financial results,  are included  in its  Securities and  Exchange
 Commission (SEC) filings on Form 10-K, and potential investors should review
 these statements.  Finally, there may  be other factors not mentioned  above
 or included in the  Company's SEC filings that  may cause actual results  to
 differ materially from any forward-looking information.

                                    (thirty)

