-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 RT9jZ2bxxp43oIDHy31Dgyn6v/52QH9vWHLh43WN+1r9o7qeaIRNc/GBxeK1qEKj
 XlB27fwV7b4psnWVid3aHQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001019687-04-002949.txt : 20041230
<SEC-HEADER>0001019687-04-002949.hdr.sgml : 20041230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041230160432
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019687-04-002949
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041229
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Emrise CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000854852
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSTRUMENTS FOR MEAS & TESTING OF ELECTRICITY & ELEC SIGNALS [3825]
		IRS NUMBER:				770226211
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10346
		FILM NUMBER:		041234160

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9485 HAVEN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		STE 100
		CITY:			RANCHO CUCAMONGA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91730
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9099879220

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9485 HAVEN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		STE 100
		CITY:			RANCHO CUCAMONGA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91730

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MICROTEL INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CXR CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>emrise_8k-122904.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
                       PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


    Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)     DECEMBER 29, 2004
                                                    ---------------------------


                               EMRISE CORPORATION
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


           DELAWARE                     001-10346                77-0226211
- ----------------------------            ---------                ----------
(State or other jurisdiction           (Commission              (IRS Employer
      of incorporation)               File Number)           Identification No.)

        9485 HAVEN AVENUE, SUITE 100, RANCHO CUCAMONGA, CALIFORNIA 91730
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code       (909) 987-9220
                                                  ------------------------------

                                 NOT APPLICABLE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

     Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (SEE General Instruction A.2. below):

     |_| Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
(17 CFR 230.425)

     |_| Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14a-12)

     |_| Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

     |_| Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))



<PAGE>

ITEM 1.01.        ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT.

         On December 29, 2004, Emrise Corporation entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement and a Registration Rights Agreement. The Securities Purchase
Agreement provides for the issuance by Emrise to 17 record holders in a private
offering an aggregate of 12,503,500 shares of common stock of Emrise at a
purchase price of $1.44 per share and five-year investor warrants to
purchase up to an additional 3,125,875 shares of common stock of Emrise at an
exercise price of $1.73 per share.

         Emrise has agreed to pay cash placement agent fees of approximately
$1,035,000 and to issue five-year placement agent warrants to purchase up to
an aggregate of 757,210 shares of common stock of Emrise in connection with
the offering. Emrise anticipates that the closing date for the transactions
contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement will be no later than
January 15, 2005.

         Emrise has agreed to register for resale the shares of common stock
issued to investors and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the
investor warrants and placement warrants. The registration obligations require,
among other things, that Emrise file an initial registration statement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission no later than the 45th day following the
closing date and cause the registration statement to be declared effective no
later than the 150th day following the closing date. If Emrise is unable to meet
these obligations or is unable to maintain the effectiveness of the registration
in accordance with the requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement, then
Emrise will be required to pay to each investor liquidated damages equal to 1%
of the amount paid by the investor for the Emrise common shares still owned by
the investor on the date of the default and 2% of the amount paid by the
investor for the Emrise common shares still owned by the investor on each
monthly anniversary of the date of the default that occurs prior to the cure of
the default. The maximum aggregate liquidated damages payable to any investor
will be equal to 10% of the aggregate amount paid by the investor for Emrise
common shares pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement.

         The investor warrants and the placement warrants contain customary
anti-dilution provisions for stock splits, stock dividends and the like and
contain a net exercise cashless exercise feature that will permit the warrants
to be exercised for a net number of shares using the spread between the warrant
exercise price and the average of the closing sale prices for the five trading
days immediately prior to the exercise of the warrant as payment for a reduced
number of common shares. Use of the cashless exercise feature by the investors
is limited to times when a valid resale prospectus is not then available for use
by the investors.

         The investor warrants and the placement warrants also contain a call
provision. The call provision generally provides that if, at any time after the
first anniversary of the issuance of the warrants, the volume weighted average
trading price of Emrise common stock for each of 30 consecutive trading days
exceeds $3.46, a valid resale prospectus is available for the shares of common
stock underlying the warrants or the shares are eligible for resale without
volume restrictions pursuant to Rule 144(k) under the Securities Act of 1933,
and Emrise has complied with its obligations under the warrant and related
agreements, then Emrise may require the warrant holder to exercise the warrant
in full (subject to the 9.999% limitation described below) on the 30th day
following written notice to the warrant holder if the call eligibility criteria
described above continue to be met until that date.

         In addition, the investor warrants and the placement warrants contain
provisions limiting the exercise or call of the warrants to the extent necessary
to insure that following the exercise or call, the total number of shares of
common stock then beneficially owned by the warrant holder and its affiliates
and others whose beneficial ownership would be aggregated with the holder's for
purposes of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 does not exceed
9.999% of the total number of then issued and outstanding shares of Emrise
common stock (including for such purpose the shares of common stock issuable
upon such exercise or call).


                                       2


<PAGE>

         The Securities Purchase Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement and
placement agent arrangements contain various indemnification provisions in
connection with the offering and registration of the shares and warrants. There
are no material relationships between Emrise or its affiliates and any of the
investors or placement agents, except that each of The Pinnacle Fund, L.P. and
JLF Asset Management, LLC is anticipated to become a beneficial owner of more
than 5% of Emrise's outstanding common stock at the closing of the offering.

ITEM 3.02.        UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

         As described in Item 1.01 of this report, Emrise anticipates issuing
shares of common stock and warrants to purchase shares of common stock at the
closing of the Securities Purchase Agreement described in Item 1.01.

         Also, since September 30, 2004, Emrise issued or agreed to issue to
Hayden Communications, Inc. warrants to purchase an aggregate of 100,000 shares
of common stock at exercise prices ranging from $0.85 to $1.15 per share as
partial consideration for investor relations services.

         Exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act of
1933 for the transactions described above is claimed under Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, among others, on the basis that such transactions did
not involve any public offering and the purchasers were accredited and had
access to the kind of information registration would provide. Appropriate
investment representations were obtained, and the securities were or will be
issued with restricted securities legends.

ITEM 9.01.        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

(a)      Financial Statements of Businesses Acquired.
         --------------------------------------------

         Not applicable.

(b)      Pro Forma Financial Information.
         --------------------------------

         Not applicable.

(c)      Exhibits.
         ---------

  Number               Description
  ------               -----------

  10.1         Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 29, 2004 among
               Emrise Corporation and the investors listed on an attachment
               thereto

  10.2         Registration Rights Agreement dated December 29, 2004 among
               Emrise Corporation and the investors who are parties to the
               Securities Purchase Agreement listed as Exhibit 10.1

  10.3         Form of Investor Warrant to be issued by Emrise Corporation at
               the closing to the investors who are parties to the Securities
               Purchase Agreement listed as Exhibit 10.1


                                       3


<PAGE>

  Number               Description
  ------               -----------

  10.4         Form of Placement Warrant to be issued by Emrise Corporation at
               the closing to the following placement agents for the following
               numbers of underlying shares of common stock: Roth Capital
               Partners LLC (650,310 shares), Bathgate Capital Partners (81,900
               shares), and H.C. Wainwright & Co. (25,000 shares))


                                       4


<PAGE>

                                    SIGNATURE

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date:  December 30, 2004          EMRISE CORPORATION

                                  By: /S/ RANDOLPH D. FOOTE
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                      Randolph D. Foote, Chief Financial Officer


                                       5


<PAGE>

                    INDEX TO EXHIBITS ATTACHED TO THIS REPORT


 Number               Description
 ------               -----------

  10.1         Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 29, 2004 among
               Emrise Corporation and the investors listed on an attachment
               thereto

  10.2         Registration Rights Agreement dated December 29, 2004 among
               Emrise Corporation and the investors who are parties to the
               Securities Purchase Agreement listed as Exhibit 10.1

  10.3         Form of Investor Warrant to be issued by Emrise Corporation at
               the closing to the investors who are parties to the Securities
               Purchase Agreement listed as Exhibit 10.1

  10.4         Form of Placement Warrant to be issued by Emrise Corporation at
               the closing to the following placement agents for the following
               numbers of underlying shares of common stock: Roth Capital
               Partners LLC (650,310 shares), Bathgate Capital Partners (81,900
               shares), and H.C. Wainwright & Co. (25,000 shares))


                                       6





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>emrise_8kex10-1.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.1


                          SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         This Securities Purchase Agreement (this "AGREEMENT") is dated as of
December 29, 2004, among Emrise Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the
"COMPANY"), and the investors identified on the signature pages hereto (each, an
"INVESTOR" and collectively, the "INVESTORS").

         WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below)
and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to
each Investor, and each Investor, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase
from the Company certain securities of the Company, as more fully described in
this Agreement.

         NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in
this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investors agree
as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I.
                                   DEFINITIONS

         1.1 DEFINITIONS. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this
Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have
the meanings indicated in this Section 1.1:

                  "ACTION" means any action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation,
proceeding (including any partial proceeding such as a deposition) or
investigation pending or threatened in writing against or affecting the Company,
any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court,
arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency, regulatory authority
(federal, state, county, local or foreign), stock market, stock exchange or
trading facility.

                  "AFFILIATE" means any Person that, directly or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under
common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule
144.

                  "BUSINESS DAY" means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any
day which is a federal legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in
the State of New York or the State of California are authorized or required by
law or other governmental action to close.

                  "CLOSING" means the closing of the purchase and sale of the
Securities pursuant to Article II.

                  "CLOSING DATE" means the Business Day immediately following
the date on which all of the conditions set forth in Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof
are satisfied, or such other date as the parties may agree.

                  "COMMISSION" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.



<PAGE>

                  "COMMON STOCK" means the common stock of the Company, par
value $.0033 per share, and any securities into which such common stock may
hereafter be reclassified.

                  "COMMON STOCK EQUIVALENTS" means any securities of the Company
or any Subsidiary which entitle the holder thereof to acquire Common Stock at
any time, including without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights,
options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or
exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common
Stock or other securities that entitle the holder to receive, directly or
indirectly, Common Stock.

                  "COMPANY COUNSEL" means Rutan & Tucker, LLP.

                  "COMPANY DELIVERABLES" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.2(a).

                  "DISCLOSURE MATERIALS" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(h).

                  "EFFECTIVE DATE" means the date that the initial Registration
Statement required by Section 2(a) of the Registration Rights Agreement is first
declared effective by the Commission.

                  "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

                  "GAAP" means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

                  "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS" has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(p).

                  "INVESTMENT AMOUNT" means, with respect to each Investor, the
Investment Amount indicated on such Investor's signature page to this Agreement.

                  "INVESTOR DELIVERABLES" has the meaning set forth in Section
2.2(b).

                  "INVESTOR PARTY" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7.

                  "LIEN" means any lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest,
right of first refusal or other restrictions of any kind.

                  "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means any of (i) a material and
adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material and adverse effect on the results of operations,
assets, prospects, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company
and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) an adverse impairment to the
Company's ability to perform on a timely basis its obligations under any
Transaction Document.

                  "NEW YORK COURTS" means the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan.

                  "OUTSIDE DATE" means January 15, 2004.


                                       2


<PAGE>

                  "PER UNIT PURCHASE PRICE" equals $1.44.

                  "PERSON" means an individual or corporation, partnership,
trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited
liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision
thereof) or other entity of any kind.

                  "PROCEEDING" means an action, claim, suit, investigation or
proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial
proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

                  "REGISTRATION STATEMENT" means a registration statement
meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and
covering the resale by the Investors of the Shares and the Warrant Shares.

                  "REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT" means the Registration Rights
Agreement, dated as of the date of this Agreement, among the Company and the
Investors, in the form of EXHIBIT B hereto.

                  "RULE 144" means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

                  "SEC REPORTS" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(h).

                  "SECURITIES" means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant
Shares.

                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                  "SHARES" means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
to the Investors pursuant to this Agreement (excluding any Warrant Shares).

                  "SHORT SALES" include, without limitation, all "short sales"
as defined in Rule 3b-3 of the Exchange Act and Rule 200 promulgated under
Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act and all types of direct and indirect stock
pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps and
similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and sales and other
transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or foreign regulated brokers.

                  "SUBSIDIARY" means any "significant subsidiary" as defined in
Rule 1-02(w) of the Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission under the
Exchange Act.

                  "TRADING DAY" means (i) a day on which the Common Stock is
traded on a Trading Market (other than the OTC Bulletin Board), or (ii) if the
Common Stock is not listed on a Trading Market (other than the OTC Bulletin
Board), a day on which the Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter
market, as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board, or (iii) if the Common Stock is
not quoted on any Trading Market, a day on which the Common Stock is quoted in
the over-the-counter market as reported by the National Quotation Bureau


                                       3


<PAGE>

Incorporated (or any similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions
of reporting prices); provided, that in the event that the Common Stock is not
listed or quoted as set forth in (i), (ii) and (iii) hereof, then Trading Day
shall mean a Business Day.

                  "TRADING MARKET" means whichever of the New York Stock
Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ National Market, the NASDAQ
SmallCap Market or OTC Bulletin Board on which the Common Stock is listed or
quoted for trading on the date in question.

                  "TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS" means this Agreement, the Warrants,
the Registration Rights Agreement, and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

                  "WARRANTS" means the Common Stock purchase warrants in the
form of EXHIBIT A, which are issuable to the Investors at the Closing.

                  "WARRANT SHARES" means the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants.

                                  ARTICLE II.
                                PURCHASE AND SALE

         2.1 CLOSING. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, at the Closing the Company shall issue and sell to each Investor, and
each Investor shall, severally and not jointly, purchase from the Company, the
Shares and the Warrants representing such Investor's Investment Amount. The
Closing shall take place at the offices of Bryan Cave LLP, 1290 Avenue of the
Americas, New York, NY 10104 on the Closing Date or at such other location or
time as the parties may agree.

         2.2 CLOSING DELIVERIES. (a) At the Closing, the Company shall deliver
or cause to be delivered to each Investor the following (the "COMPANY
DELIVERABLES"):

                  (i) a facsimile copy of a certificate evidencing a number of
Shares equal to such Investor's Investment Amount divided by the Per Unit
Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Investor;

                  (ii) a Warrant, registered in the name of such Investor,
pursuant to which such Investor shall have the right to acquire the number of
shares of Common Stock equal to 25% of the number of Shares issuable to such
Investor pursuant to Section 2.2(a)(i);

                  (iii) the legal opinion of Company Counsel, in agreed form,
addressed to the Investors; and

                  (iv) the Registration Rights Agreement, dul y executed by the
Company.


                                       4


<PAGE>

             (b) At the Closing, each Investor shall deliver or cause to be
delivered to the Company the following (the "INVESTOR DELIVERABLES"):

                  (i) its Investment Amount, in United States dollars and in
immediately available funds, by wire transfer to an account designated in
writing by the Company for such purpose; and

                  (ii) the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by such
Investor.

                                  ARTICLE III.
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         3.1 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. The Company hereby
makes the following representations and warranties to each Investor:

             (a) SUBSIDIARIES. The Company has no direct or indirect
Subsidiaries other than as specified in the SEC Reports. Except as disclosed in
SCHEDULE 3.1(A), the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital
stock of each Subsidiary free and clear of any and all Liens, and all the issued
and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued
and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights.

             (b) ORGANIZATION AND QUALIFICATION. The Company and each Subsidiary
are duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization
(as applicable), with the requisite power and authority to own and use its
properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any of the provisions
of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other
organizational or charter documents. The Company and each Subsidiary are duly
qualified to conduct its respective businesses and are in good standing as a
foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of
the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as
the case may be, could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

             (c) AUTHORIZATION; ENFORCEMENT. The Company has the requisite
corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its
obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery of each of the Transaction
Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the
part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company in
connection therewith. Each Transaction Document has been (or upon delivery will
have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with
the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the
Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as
such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,


                                       5


<PAGE>

reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or
affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors' rights and remedies or by
other equitable principles of general application.

             (d) NO CONFLICTS. The execution, delivery and performance of the
Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or
violate any provision of the Company's or any Subsidiary's certificate or
articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents,
or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or
lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any
rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without
notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other
instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other
understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any
property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or
(iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment,
injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority
to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state
securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the
Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of
clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not, individually or in the aggregate,
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

             (e) FILINGS, CONSENTS AND APPROVALS. The Company is not required to
obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or
make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local
or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents,
other than (i) the filing with the Commission of one or more Registration
Statements in accordance with the requirements of the Registration Rights
Agreement, (ii) filings required by state securities laws, (iii) the filing of a
Notice of Sale of Securities on Form D with the Commission under Regulation D of
the Securities Act, (iv) the filings required in accordance with Section 4.5,
(v) notification to the Company's transfer agent of the issuance of the Shares
and Warrant Shares and (vi) those that have been made or obtained prior to the
date of this Agreement.

             (f) ISSUANCE OF THE SECURITIES. The Securities have been duly
authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the Transaction
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free
and clear of all Liens. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized
capital stock the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and
the Warrants in order to issue the Shares and the Warrant Shares.

             (g) CAPITALIZATION. The number of shares and type of all
authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company, and all shares
of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Company's various option and
incentive plans, is specified in the SEC Reports. Except as specified in the SEC
Reports and SCHEDULE 3.1(G), no securities of the Company are entitled to
preemptive or similar rights, and no Person has any right of first refusal,
preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as specified
in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to


                                       6


<PAGE>

subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exchangeable for, or
giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common
Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of
Common Stock, or securities or rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of
Common Stock. The issue and sale of the Securities will not, immediately or with
the passage of time, obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or
other securities to any Person (other than the Investors) and will not result in
a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion,
exchange or reset price under such securities.

             (h) SEC REPORTS; FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The Company has filed all
reports required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the twelve months
preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by
law to file such reports) (the foregoing materials being collectively referred
to herein as the "SEC REPORTS" and, together with the Schedules to this
Agreement (if any), the "DISCLOSURE MATERIALS") on a timely basis or has timely
filed a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC
Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective
dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the
Commission promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed,
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports
comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the
time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may be
otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto, and
fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company
and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the
results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the
case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

             (i) PRESS RELEASES. The press releases disseminated by the Company
during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole
do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and
when made, not misleading.

             (j) MATERIAL CHANGES. Since the date of the latest audited
financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as specifically
disclosed in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or
development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables, accrued expenses and
other liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company's


                                       7


<PAGE>

financial statements pursuant to GAAP or required to be disclosed in filings
made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of
accounting or the identity of its auditors, (iv) the Company has not declared or
made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders
or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares
of its capital stock, and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities
to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock
option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any
request for confidential treatment of information.

             (k) LITIGATION. To the Company's knowledge, there is no Action
which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or
enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii)
except as specifically disclosed in the SEC Reports, could, if there were an
unfavorable decision, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof (in his or her capacity as
such), is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation
of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of
fiduciary duty, except as specifically disclosed in the SEC Reports. There has
not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending any
investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former
director or officer of the Company (in his or her capacity as such). The
Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the
effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any
Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

             (l) LABOR RELATIONS. No material labor dispute exists or, to the
knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of
the Company.

             (m) COMPLIANCE. Except as specifically disclosed in SCHEDULE
3.1(M), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (i) is in default under or in
violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with
notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any
Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a
claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a
party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such
default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any order of any
court, arbitrator or governmental body, or (iii) is or has been in violation of
any statute, rule or regulation of any governmental authority, including without
limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes,
environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and
safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not,
individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect. The Company is in compliance with all effective
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and
regulations thereunder, that are applicable to it, except where such
noncompliance could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

             (n) REGULATORY PERMITS. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess
all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their


                                       8


<PAGE>

respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure
to possess such permits could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to
the revocation or modification of any such permits.

             (o) TITLE TO ASSETS. The Company and the Subsidiaries have title in
fee simple to all real property owned by them that is material to their
respective businesses and title in all personal property owned by them that is
material to their respective businesses, in each case free and clear of all
Liens, except for Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property
and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of
such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries. Any real property and
facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them
under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases of which the Company and the
Subsidiaries are in compliance, except as could not, individually or in the
aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

             (p) PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS. The Company and the Subsidiaries have,
or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark
applications, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses and other similar
rights that are necessary or material for use in connection with their
respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to
so have could, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Rights"). Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a written notice
that the Intellectual Property Rights used by the Company or any Subsidiary
violates or infringes upon the rights of any Person. Except as set forth in the
SEC Reports, to the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property
Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person
of any of the Intellectual Property Rights.

             (q) INSURANCE. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by
insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the
Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged. The Company has no reason to believe
that it will not be able to renew its and the Subsidiaries' existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from
similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business on terms
consistent with market for the Company's and such Subsidiaries' respective lines
of business.

             (r) TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES AND EMPLOYEES. Except as set forth
in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company and, to the
knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company is presently a
party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for
services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract,
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or
by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise
requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such
employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or
partner.


                                       9


<PAGE>

             (s) INTERNAL ACCOUNTING CONTROLS. The Company and the Subsidiaries
maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide
reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with
management's general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted
only in accordance with management's general or specific authorization, and (iv)
the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at
reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
differences. The Company has established disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act rules 13a-15 and 15d-15) for the Company and designed
such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information
relating to the Company, including its Subsidiaries, is made known to the
certifying officers by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which the Company's Form 10-K or 10-Q, as the case may be, is being
prepared. The Company's certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of
the Company's controls and procedures in accordance with Item 307 of Regulation
S-K under the Exchange Act for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2004 (such
date, the "EVALUATION DATE"). The Company presented in its most recently filed
Form 10-K or Form 10-Q the conclusions of the certifying officers about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their
evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Except as disclosed in the Form 10-Q,
since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the Company's internal
controls (as such term is defined in Item 308(c) of Regulation S-K under the
Exchange Act) that have materially affected or, to the Company's knowledge, are
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal controls.

             (t) SOLVENCY. Based on the financial condition of the Company as of
the Closing Date (and assuming that the Closing shall have occurred), (i) the
Company's fair saleable value of its assets exceeds the amount that will be
required to be paid on or in respect of the Company's existing debts and other
liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the
Company's assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its
business for the current fiscal year as now conducted and as proposed to be
conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital
requirements of the business conducted by the Company, and projected capital
requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow
of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to
liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of
the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its debt
when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur
debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account
the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt).

             (u) CERTAIN FEES. Except as described in SCHEDULE 3.1(U), no
brokerage or finder's fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company
to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent,
investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The Investors shall have no obligation with
respect to any fees or with respect to any claims (other than such fees or
commissions owed by an Investor pursuant to agreements made by such Investor
which fees or commissions shall be the sole responsibility of such Investor)


                                       10


<PAGE>

made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this
Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

             (v) CERTAIN REGISTRATION MATTERS. Assuming the accuracy of the
Investors' representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2(b)-(e), no
registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the
Shares and Warrant Shares by the Company to the Investors under the Transaction
Documents. The Company is eligible to register the resale of its Common Stock
for resale by the Investors under Form S-1 promulgated under the Securities Act.
Except as specified in SCHEDULE 3.1(V), the Company has not granted or agreed to
grant to any Person any rights (including "piggy-back" registration rights) to
have any securities of the Company registered with the Commission or any other
governmental authority that have not been satisfied.

             (w) LISTING AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS. Except as specified in
the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the two years preceding the date
hereof, received notice from any Trading Market to the effect that the Company
is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements thereof. The
Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable
future continue to be, in compliance with the listing and maintenance
requirements for continued listing of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on
which the Common Stock is currently listed or quoted. The issuance and sale of
the Securities under the Transaction Documents does not contravene the rules and
regulations of the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is currently listed
or quoted, and no approval of the shareholders of the Company thereunder is
required for the Company to issue and deliver to the Investors the Securities
contemplated by Transaction Documents.

             (x) INVESTMENT COMPANY. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate
of, and immediately following the Closing will not have become, an "investment
company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

             (y) NO ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS. The Company does not have any
agreement or understanding with any Investor with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents other than as specified in the
Transaction Documents.

             (z) DISCLOSURE. The Company confirms that neither it nor any Person
acting on its behalf has provided any Investor or its respective agents or
counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material,
non-public information except insofar as the existence and terms of the proposed
transactions hereunder may constitute such information. The Company understands
and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing representations and
covenants in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All Disclosure
Materials provided to the Investors regarding the Company, its business and the
transactions contemplated hereby, furnished by the Company (including the
Company's representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement) are true
and correct and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading.


                                       11


<PAGE>

         3.2 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE INVESTORS. Each Investor
hereby, for itself and for no other Investor, represents and warrants to the
Company as follows:

             (a) ORGANIZATION; AUTHORITY. Such Investor is an entity duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its organization with the requisite corporate, limited liability
company or partnership power and authority to enter into and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the applicable Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance
by such Investor of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement has been
duly authorized by all necessary corporate or, if such Investor is not a
corporation, such partnership, limited liability company or other applicable
like action, on the part of such Investor. Each of this Agreement and the
Registration Rights Agreement has been duly executed by such Investor, and when
delivered by such Investor in accordance with terms hereof, will constitute the
valid and legally binding obligation of such Investor, enforceable against it in
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or
similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors'
rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

             (b) INVESTMENT INTENT. Such Investor is acquiring the Securities as
principal for its own account for investment purposes only and not with a view
to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof, without
prejudice, however, to such Investor's right at all times to sell or otherwise
dispose of all or any part of such Securities in compliance with applicable
federal and state securities laws. Subject to the immediately preceding
sentence, nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty
by such Investor to hold the Securities for any period of time. Such Investor is
acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. Such
Investor does not have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly,
with any Person to distribute any of the Securities.

             (c) INVESTOR STATUS. At the time such Investor was offered the
Securities, it was, and at the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it
exercises Warrants it will be, an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule
501(a) under the Securities Act. Such Investor is not a registered broker-dealer
under Section 15 of the Exchange Act.

             (d) GENERAL SOLICITATION. Such Investor is not purchasing the
Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other
communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or
similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar
or any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

             (e) ACCESS TO INFORMATION. Such Investor acknowledges that it has
reviewed the Disclosure Materials and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to
ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from,
representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the
offering of the Shares and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities;
(ii) access to information about the Company and the Subsidiaries and their
respective financial condition, results of operations, business, properties,
management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and
(iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company


                                       12


<PAGE>

possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is
necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the
investment. Neither such inquiries nor any other investigation conducted by or
on behalf of such Investor or its representatives or counsel shall modify, amend
or affect such Investor's right to rely on the truth, accuracy and completeness
of the Disclosure Materials and the Company's representations and warranties
contained in the Transaction Documents.

             (f) CERTAIN TRADING ACTIVITIES. Such Investor has not directly or
indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any
understanding with such Investor, engaged in any transactions in the securities
of the Company (including, without limitations, any Short Sales involving the
Company's securities) since the earlier to occur of (1) the time that such
Investor was first contacted by the Company or Roth Capital Partners, LLC
regarding an investment in the Company and (2) the 30th day prior to the date of
this Agreement. Such Investor covenants that neither it nor any Person acting on
its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will engage in any
transactions in the securities of the Company (including Short Sales) prior to
the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly
disclosed.

             (g) INDEPENDENT INVESTMENT DECISION. Such Investor has
independently evaluated the merits of its decision to purchase Securities
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and such Investor confirms that it has
not relied on the advice of any other Investor's business and/or legal counsel
in making such decision. Such Investor has not relied on the business or legal
advice of Roth Capital Partners, LLC or any of its agents, counsel or Affiliates
in making its investment decision hereunder, and confirms that none of such
Persons has made any representations or warranties to such Investor in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

             (h) BLUE SKY. The address for notice set forth under such
Investor's name on its signature page hereof is such Investor's residence for
Blue Sky purposes.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Investor has made or makes any
representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby other than those specifically set forth in this Section 3.2.

                                  ARTICLE IV.
                         OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

         4.1 (a) Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and
federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of the Securities other
than pursuant to an effective registration statement, to the Company, to an
Affiliate of an Investor or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in
Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the
Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor, the form and substance
of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect
that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities
under the Securities Act.


                                       13


<PAGE>

             (b) Certificates evidencing the Securities will contain the
following legend, until such time as they are not required under Section 4.1(c):

                  [NEITHER THESE SECURITIES NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
                  EXERCISE OF THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED] [THESE
                  SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED] WITH THE SECURITIES AND
                  EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE
                  IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE
                  SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"),
                  AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT
                  TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
                  ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A
                  TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF
                  THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE
                  SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO
                  THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE
                  REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. [THESE SECURITIES AND
                  THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE SECURITIES]
                  [THESE SECURITIES] MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA
                  FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

             The Company acknowledges and agrees that an Investor may from time
to time pledge, and/or grant a security interest in some or all of the
Securities pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement in connection with a bona
fide margin account and, if required under the terms of such agreement or
account, such Investor may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the
pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to
approval or consent of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel to the
pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection with the
pledge, but such legal opinion may be required in connection with a subsequent
transfer following default by the Investor transferee of the pledge. The
Investor shall provide prompt notice to the Company of such pledge. At the
appropriate Investor's expense, the Company will execute and deliver such
reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may
reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities
including the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under
Rule 424(b)(3) of the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the
Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of selling stockholders
thereunder.

             (c) Certificates evidencing the Shares and Warrant Shares shall not
contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b)): (i)
following a sale or transfer of such Securities pursuant to an effective
registration statement (including the Registration Statement), or (ii) following
a sale or transfer of such Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144
(assuming the transferor is not an Affiliate of the Company), or (iii) while
such Shares or Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144(k). The
Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to any


                                       14


<PAGE>

transfer agent of the Company that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set
forth in this Section, except for stop transfer instructions for Affiliates of
the Company.

         4.2 FURNISHING OF INFORMATION. As long as any Investor owns the
Securities, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in
respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports
required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the
Exchange Act. As long as any Investor owns Securities, if the Company is not
required to file reports pursuant to such laws, it will prepare and furnish to
the Investors and make publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such
information as is required for the Investors to sell the Shares and Warrant
Shares under Rule 144. The Company further covenants that it will take such
further action as any holder of Securities may reasonably request, all to the
extent required from time to time to enable such Person to sell the Shares and
Warrant Shares without registration under the Securities Act within the
limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144.

         4.3 INTEGRATION. The Company shall not, and shall use its best efforts
to ensure that no Affiliate of the Company shall, sell, offer for sale or
solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as
defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the
offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Investors, or that
would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the
rules and regulations of any Trading Market in a manner that would require
stockholder approval of the sale of the securities to the Investors.

         4.4 SUBSEQUENT REGISTRATIONS. Other than pursuant to the Registration
Statement, prior to the Effective Date, the Company may not file any
registration statement (other than on Form S-8) with the Commission with respect
to any securities of the Company.

         4.5 SECURITIES LAWS DISCLOSURE; PUBLICITY. By 9:00 a.m. (New York time)
on the Trading Day following the execution of this Agreement, and by 9:00 a.m.
(New York time) on the Trading Day following the Closing Date, the Company shall
issue press releases disclosing the transactions contemplated hereby and the
Closing. On the Trading Day following the execution of this Agreement the
Company will file a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing the material terms of
the Transaction Documents (and attach as exhibits thereto the Transaction
Documents), and on the Trading Day following the Closing Date the Company will
file an additional Current Report on Form 8-K to disclose the Closing. In
addition, the Company will make such other filings and notices in the manner and
time required by the Commission and the Trading Market on which the Common Stock
is listed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly
disclose the name of any Investor, or include the name of any Investor in any
filing with the Commission (other than the Registration Statement and any
exhibits to filings made in respect of this transaction in accordance with
periodic filing requirements under the Exchange Act) or any regulatory agency or
Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Investor, except to
the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations.


                                       15


<PAGE>

         4.6 LIMITATION ON ISSUANCE OF FUTURE PRICED SECURITIES. During the six
months following the Closing Date, the Company shall not issue any "Future
Priced Securities" as such term is described by NASD IM-4350-1.

         4.7 INDEMNIFICATION OF INVESTORS.

             (a) In addition to the indemnity provided in the Registration
Rights Agreement, the Company will indemnify and hold the Investors and their
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, employees and agents (each, an
"INVESTOR PARTY") harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations,
claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments,
amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and
costs of investigation (collectively, "LOSSES") that any such Investor Party
suffers or incurs as a result of or relating to any misrepresentation, breach or
inaccuracy of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the
Company in any Transaction Document.

             (b) In addition to the indemnity provided in the Registration
Rights Agreement, each Investor, severally and not jointly, will indemnify and
hold the Company and its directors, officers, shareholders, partners, employees
and agents (each, a "COMPANY PARTY") harmless from any and all Losses that any
such Company Party suffers or incurs as a result of or relating to any
misrepresentation, breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement made by the Investor in any Transaction Document.

             (c) The provisions contained in Section 5(c) of the Registration
Rights Agreement relating to conduct of indemnification proceedings and Section
5(d) of the Registration Rights Agreement relating to contribution shall apply
to any indemnification required under this Section 4.7 as if those provisions
were set forth herein. The indemnification and contribution agreements contained
or incorporated into this Section 4.7 are in addition to any liability that the
Investor Party and Company Party may have to one another.

         4.8 NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION. The Company covenants and agrees that
neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Investor
or its agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes
constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Investor
shall have executed a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of
such information. The Company understands and confirms that each Investor shall
be relying on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions in
securities of the Company.

         4.9 LISTING OF SECURITIES. The Company agrees, (i) if the Company
applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will
include in such application the Shares and Warrant Shares, and will take such
other action as is necessary or desirable to cause the Shares and Warrant Shares
to be listed on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible, and (ii) it
will take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of
its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all material respects
with the Company's reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or
rules of the Trading Market.


                                       16


<PAGE>

         4.10 USE OF PROCEEDS. The Company will use the net proceeds from the
sale of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and potentially
for acquisitions and not for the satisfaction of any portion of the Company's
debt (other than payment of trade payables and accrued expenses in the ordinary
course of the Company's business and consistent with prior practices), or to
redeem any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.

                                   ARTICLE V.
                         CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING

         5.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTORS TO
PURCHASE SECURITIES. The obligation of each Investor to acquire Securities at
the Closing is subject to the satisfaction or waiver by such Investor, at or
before the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

             (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and
warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing as though made
on and as of such date;

             (b) PERFORMANCE. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and
complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions
required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied
with by it at or prior to the Closing;

             (c) NO INJUNCTION. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order,
decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that
prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents;

             (d) ADVERSE CHANGES. Since the date of execution of this Agreement,
no event or series of events shall have occurred that reasonably could have or
result in a Material Adverse Effect;

             (e) NO SUSPENSIONS OF TRADING IN COMMON STOCK; LISTING. Trading in
the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or any Trading
Market (except for any suspensions of trading of not more than one Trading Day
solely to permit dissemination of material information regarding the Company) at
any time since the date of execution of this Agreement, and the Common Stock
shall have been at all times since such date listed for trading on a Trading
Market; and

             (f) COMPANY DELIVERABLES. The Company shall have delivered the
Company Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.2(a).

         5.2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY TO SELL
SECURITIES. The obligation of the Company to sell Securities at the Closing is
subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Company, at or before the Closing,
of each of the following conditions:


                                       17


<PAGE>

             (a) REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The representations and
warranties of each Investor contained herein shall be true and correct in all
material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though
made on and as of such date;

             (b) PERFORMANCE. Each Investor shall have performed, satisfied and
complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions
required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied
with by such Investor at or prior to the Closing;

             (c) NO INJUNCTION. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order,
decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or
endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that
prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents; and

             (d) INVESTORS DELIVERABLES. Each Investor shall have delivered its
Investors Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.2(b).

                                  ARTICLE VI.
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

         6.1 FEES AND EXPENSES. At the Closing, the Company shall pay to Bryan
Cave LLP $25,000 as partial reimbursement of Roth Capital Partners LLC for its
legal fees in connection with the preparation of the Transaction Documents, it
being understood that Bryan Cave LLP has only rendered legal advice to Roth
Capital Partners LLC, and not to the Company or any Investor in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby, and that each of the Company and each
Investor has relied for such matters on the advice of its own respective
counsel. Except as specified in the immediately preceding sentence, each party
shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other
experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction
Documents. The Company shall pay all stamp and other taxes and duties levied in
connection with the sale of the Shares to the Investors.

         6.2 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Transaction Documents, together with the
Exhibits and Schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements,
understandings, discussions and representations, oral or written, with respect
to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such
documents, exhibits and schedules.

         6.3 NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if
such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile (provided the sender
receives a machine-generated confirmation of successful transmission) at the
facsimile number specified in this Section prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile
number specified in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later
than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the Trading Day


                                       18


<PAGE>

following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight
courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is
required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be
as follows:

         If to the Company:         Emrise Corporation
                                    9485 Haven Avenue, Suite 100
                                    Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730
                                    Facsimile: (909) 987-9228
                                    Attn.: Chief Financial Officer

         With a copy to:            Rutan & Tucker, LLP
                                    611 Anton Blvd., 14th Floor
                                    Costa Mesa, CA 92626-1998
                                    Facsimile: (714) 546-9035
                                    Attn.: Larry Cerutti, Esq.


         If to an Investor:         To the address for notices set forth under
                                    such Investor's name on the signature pages
                                    hereof;

or such other address as may be designated in writing hereafter, in the same
manner, by such Person.

         6.4 AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS; NO ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATION. No provision of
this Agreement may be waived or amended except in a written instrument signed by
the Company and the Investors holding a majority of the Shares. No waiver of any
default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this
Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of
any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or
requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of either party to exercise
any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. No
consideration shall be offered or paid to any Investor to amend or consent to a
waiver or modification of any provision of any Transaction Document unless the
same consideration is also offered to all Investors who then hold Shares.

         6.5 TERMINATION. This Agreement may be terminated prior to Closing:

             (a) by written agreement of the Investors and the Company; and

             (b) by the Company or an Investor (as to itself but no other
Investor) upon written notice to the other, if the Closing shall not have taken
place by 6:30 p.m. Eastern time on the Outside Date; PROVIDED, that the right to
terminate this Agreement under this Section 6.5(b) shall not be available to any
Person whose failure to comply with its obligations under this Agreement has
been the cause of or resulted in the failure of the Closing to occur on or
before such time.


                                       19


<PAGE>

         In the event of a termination by the Company pursuant to this Section,
the Company shall promptly notify all non-terminating Investors. Upon a
termination in accordance with this Section 6.5, the Company and the terminating
Investor(s) shall not have any further obligation or liability (including as
arising from such termination) to the other and no Investor will have any
liability to any other Investor under the Transaction Documents as a result
therefrom.

         6.6 CONSTRUCTION. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not
constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect
any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed
to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no
rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. This Agreement
shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or
burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the
authorship of any provisions of this Agreement or any of the Transaction
Documents.

         6.7 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of the Investors. Any Investor may assign any
or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Investor
assigns or transfers any Securities, provided such transferee agrees in writing
to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions
hereof that apply to the "Investors."

         6.8 NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is intended for the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced
by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.7 (as to each
Investor Party).

         6.9 GOVERNING LAW. All questions concerning the construction, validity,
enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New
York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party
agrees that all Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other
Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective
Affiliates, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the New York
Courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute
hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of the any of the
Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert
in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of any such New York Court, or that such Proceeding has been
commenced in an improper or inconvenient forum. Each party hereto hereby
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party
at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that
such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right


                                       20


<PAGE>

to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and
all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either party shall
commence a Proceeding to enforce any provisions of a Transaction Document, then
the prevailing party in such Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party
for its reasonable attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses incurred with
the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.

         6.10 SURVIVAL. The representations, warranties, agreements and
covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the
Securities.

         6.11 EXECUTION. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by
each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both
parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is
delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall create a valid and
binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is
executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature page
were an original thereof.

         6.12 SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the
remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be
affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt to agree upon a valid
and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so
agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement.

         6.13 RESCISSION AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHT. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) the
Transaction Documents, whenever any Investor exercises a right, election, demand
or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform
its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Investor
may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written
notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in
part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

         6.14 REPLACEMENT OF SECURITIES. If any certificate or instrument
evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company
shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon
cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate
or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the
Company of such loss, theft or destruction and customary and reasonable
indemnity, if requested. The applicants for a new certificate or instrument
under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs
associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities. If a replacement
certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is requested due to a
mutilation thereof, the Company may require delivery of such mutilated
certificate or instrument as a condition precedent to any issuance of a
replacement.


                                       21


<PAGE>

         6.15 REMEDIES. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights
provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the
Investors and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the
Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be
adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of
obligations described in the foregoing sentence and hereby agrees to waive in
any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a
remedy at law would be adequate.

         6.16 PAYMENT SET ASIDE. To the extent that the Company makes a payment
or payments to any Investor pursuant to any Transaction Document or an Investor
enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the
proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently
invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered
from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored
to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other person under any law
(including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common
law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be
revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been
made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

         6.17 INDEPENDENT NATURE OF INVESTORS' OBLIGATIONS AND RIGHTS. The
obligations of each Investor under any Transaction Document are several and not
joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be
responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other
Investor under any Transaction Document. The decision of each Investor to
purchase Securities pursuant to the Transaction Documents has been made by such
Investor independently of any other Investor. Nothing contained herein or in any
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant thereto,
shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as a partnership, an association, a
joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the
Investors are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such
obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Investor acknowledges that no other Investor has acted as agent for such
Investor in connection with making its investment hereunder and that no Investor
will be acting as agent of such Investor in connection with monitoring its
investment in the Securities or enforcing its rights under the Transaction
Documents. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce
its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this
Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be
necessary for any other Investor to be joined as an additional party in any
proceeding for such purpose. The Company acknowledges that each of the Investors
has been provided with the same Transaction Documents for the purpose of closing
a transaction with multiple Investors and not because it was required or
requested to do so by any Investor.


                   [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
                             SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]


                                       22


<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities
Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

                                      EMRISE CORPORATION


                                       By:______________________________________
                                            Name:
                                            Title:


                   [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
                      SIGNATURE PAGES FOR INVESTORS FOLLOW]


                                       23


<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities
Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.


                                             NAME OF INVESTOR

                                             ___________________________________

                                             By: _______________________________
                                                 Name:
                                                 Title:

                                             Investment Amount: $ ______________

                                             Tax ID No.: _______________________

                                             ADDRESS FOR NOTICE

                                             c/o: ______________________________

                                             Street:____________________________

                                             City/State/Zip:____________________

                                             Attention:_________________________

                                             Tel:_______________________________

                                             Fax:_______________________________

                                             DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
                                             (IF DIFFERENT FROM ABOVE)

                                             c/o: ______________________________

                                             Street:____________________________

                                             City/State/Zip:____________________

                                             Attention:_________________________

                                             Tel:_______________________________


                                       24


<PAGE>

        ATTACHMENT TO EXHIBIT 10.1 LISTING INVESTORS AND NUMBER OF SHARES
        -----------------------------------------------------------------

         Number
         of Common
         Shares            Record Holder
         ------            -------------

         1,459,000         JLF Offshore Fund, Ltd.

           938,000         JLF Partners I, LP

           331,000         Guggenheim Portfolio Company XXVIII

            72,000         JLF Partners II, LP

         2,500,000         The Pinnacle Fund, L.P.

         1,400,000         Bonanza Master Fund Ltd.

         1,365,000         Roaring Fork Capital SBIC, L.P.

           900,000         Lagunitas Partners LP

           200,000         Gruber & McBaine International

           165,000         Jon D. Gruber & Linda W. Gruber

            85,000         J. Patterson McBaine

           864,000         Microcapital Fund LP

           486,000         Microcapital Fund Ltd.

           868,500         Omicron Master Trust

           345,000         Stratford Partners, L.P.

           300,000         Select Contrarian Value Partners, L.P.

           225,000         Precept Capital Master Fund, G.P.

       --------------

         12,503,500        Total Shares







</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>emrise_8kex10-2.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.2


                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT


                  This Registration Rights Agreement (this "AGREEMENT") is made
and entered into as of December 29, 2004, by and among Emrise Corporation, a
Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"), and the investors signatory hereto (each a
"INVESTOR" and collectively, the "INVESTORS").

                  This Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of the date hereof among the Company and the Investors (the
"PURCHASE AGREEMENT").

                  The Company and the Investors hereby agree as follows:

         1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein
that are defined in the Purchase Agreement will have the meanings given such
terms in the Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the following terms
have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1:

                  "ADVICE" has the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

                  "EFFECTIVE DATE" means, as to a Registration Statement, the
date on which such Registration Statement is first declared effective by the
Commission.

                  "EFFECTIVENESS DATE" means (a) with respect to the initial
Registration Statement required to be filed under Section 2(a), the earlier of:
(a)(i) the 150th day following the Closing Date, and (ii) the fifth Trading Day
following the date on which the Company is notified by the Commission that the
initial Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to
further review and comments; (b) with respect to any additional Registration
Statements that may be required pursuant to Section 2(b), the earlier of (i) the
120th day following (x) if such Registration Statement is required because the
Commission shall have notified the Company in writing that certain Registrable
Securities were not eligible for inclusion on a previously filed Registration
Statement, the date or time on which the Commission shall indicate as being the
first date or time that such Registrable Securities may then be included in a
Registration Statement, or (y) if such Registration Statement is required for a
reason other than as described in (x) above, the date on which the Company first
knows, or reasonably should have known, that such additional Registration
Statement(s) is required, and (ii) the fifth Trading Day following the date on
which the Company is notified by the Commission that such additional
Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further
review and comments; and (c) with respect to a Registration Statement required
to be filed under Section 2(c), the earlier of: (c)(i) the 90th day following
the date on which the Company becomes eligible to utilize Form S-3 to register
the resale of Common Stock, and (ii) the fifth Trading Day following the date on
which the Company is notified by the Commission that the initial Registration
Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and
comments.

                  "EFFECTIVENESS PERIOD" has the meaning set forth in Section
2(a).



<PAGE>

                  "EXCHANGE ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

                  "FILING DATE" means (a) with respect to the initial
Registration Statement required to be filed under Section 2(a), the 45th day
following the Closing Date; (b) with respect to any additional Registration
Statements that may be required pursuant to Section 2(b), the 45th day following
(x) if such Registration Statement is required because the Commission shall have
notified the Company in writing that certain Registrable Securities were not
eligible for inclusion on a previously filed Registration Statement, the date or
time on which the Commission shall indicate as being the first date or time that
such Registrable Securities may then be included in a Registration Statement, or
(y) if such Registration Statement is required for a reason other than as
described in (x) above, the date on which the Company first knows, or reasonably
should have known, that such additional Registration Statement(s) is required;
and (c) with respect to a Registration Statement required to be filed under
Section 2(c), the 30th day following the date on which the Company becomes
eligible to utilize Form S-3 to register the resale of Common Stock.

                  "HOLDER" or "HOLDERS" means the holder or holders, as the case
may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

                  "INDEMNIFIED PARTY" has the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

                  "INDEMNIFYING PARTY" has the meaning set forth in Section
5(c).

                  "LOSSES" has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

                  "NEW YORK COURTS" means the state and federal courts sitting
in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan.

                  "PROCEEDING" means an action, claim, suit, investigation or
proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial
proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

                  "PROSPECTUS" means the prospectus included in a Registration
Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any
information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective
registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the
Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with
respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable
Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and
supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all
material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in
such Prospectus.

                  "REGISTRABLE SECURITIES" means: (i) the Shares, (ii) the
Warrant Shares, (iii) any shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of
warrants issued to any placement agent as compensation in connection with the
financing that is the subject of the Purchase Agreement, and (iv) any securities
issued or issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution,
recapitalization or similar event, or any exercise price adjustment with respect
to any of the securities referenced in (ii) or (iii) above.


                                       2


<PAGE>

                  "REGISTRATION STATEMENT" means the initial registration
statement required to be filed in accordance with Section 2(a) and any
additional registration statement(s) required to be filed under Section 2(b) and
2(c), including (in each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to
such registration statements or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective
amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or
deemed to be incorporated by reference therein.

                  "RULE 144" means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

                  "RULE 415" means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

                  "RULE 424" means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time,
or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having
substantially the same effect as such Rule.

                  "SECURITIES ACT" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                  "SHARES" means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable
to the Investors pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (excluding any Warrant
Shares).

                  "WARRANTS" means the Common Stock purchase warrants issued or
issuable to the Investors pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and to any
placement agent identified in SCHEDULE 3.1(U) to the Purchase Agreement in
accordance with the terms of the engagement or similar agreements between the
Company and any such agents.

                  "WARRANT SHARES" means the shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

         2. REGISTRATION.

                  (a) On or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare
and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of all
Registrable Securities not already covered by an existing and effective
Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant
to Rule 415, on Form S-1 (or on such other form appropriate for such purpose).
Such Registration Statement shall contain (except if otherwise required pursuant
to written comments received from the Commission upon a review of such
Registration Statement) the "Plan of Distribution" in substantially the form
attached hereto as Annex A. The Company shall cause such Registration Statement
to be declared effective under the Securities Act as soon as possible but, in
any event, no later than its Effectiveness Date, and shall use its reasonable
best efforts to keep the Registration Statement continuously effective under the
Securities Act until the date which is the earlier of (i) five years after its
Effective Date, (ii) such time as all of the Registrable Securities covered by
such Registration Statement have been publicly sold by the Holders, or (iii)
such time as all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration


                                       3


<PAGE>

Statement may be sold by the Holders pursuant to Rule 144(k) as determined by
the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect,
addressed and acceptable to the Company's transfer agent and the affected
Holders (the "EFFECTIVENESS PERIOD").

                  (b) If for any reason the Commission does not permit all of
the Registrable Securities to be included in the Registration Statement filed
pursuant to Section 2(a), or for any other reason any outstanding Registrable
Securities are not then covered by an effective Registration Statement, then the
Company shall prepare and file by the Filing Date for such Registration
Statement, an additional Registration Statement covering the resale of all
Registrable Securities not already covered by an existing and effective
Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant
to Rule 415, on Form S-1 (or on such other form appropriate for such purpose).
Each such Registration Statement shall contain (except if otherwise required
pursuant to written comments received from the Commission upon a review of such
Registration Statement) the "Plan of Distribution" in substantially the form
attached hereto as ANNEX A. The Company shall cause each such Registration
Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as soon as possible
but, in any event, by its Effectiveness Date, and shall use its reasonable best
efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the
Securities Act during the entire Effectiveness Period.

                  (c) Promptly following any date on which the Company becomes
eligible to use a registration statement on Form S-3 to register the Registrable
Securities for resale, the Company shall file a registration statement on Form
S-3 covering the Registrable Securities (or a post-effective amendment on Form
S-3 to the then effective Registration Statement) and shall cause such
Registration Statement to be declared effective as soon as possible thereafter,
but in any event prior to the Effectiveness Date therefor. Such Registration
Statement shall contain (except if otherwise required pursuant to written
comments received from the Commission upon a review of such Registration
Statement) the "Plan of Distribution" in substantially the form attached hereto
as ANNEX A. The Company shall cause such Registration Statement to be declared
effective under the Securities Act as soon as possible but, in any event, by its
Effectiveness Date, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to keep such
Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act during
the entire Effectiveness Period.

                  (d) If: (i) a Registration Statement is not filed on or prior
to its Filing Date (if the Company files a Registration Statement without
affording the Holders the opportunity to review and comment on the same as
required by Section 3(a) hereof, the Company shall not be deemed to have
satisfied this clause (i)), or (ii) a Registration Statement is not declared
effective by the Commission on or prior to its required Effectiveness Date, or
(iii) after its Effective Date, without regard for the reason thereunder or
efforts therefore, such Registration Statement ceases for any reason to be
effective and available to the Holders as to all Registrable Securities to which
it is required to cover at any time prior to the expiration of its Effectiveness
Period for more than an aggregate of 45 Trading Days (which need not be
consecutive), excluding (x) grace periods of 15 Trading Days during which a
post-effective amendment is required to be filed to include in such Registration
Statement material information previously not included in such Registration
Statement, or to correct a material misstatement set forth in such Registration
Statement, in each case due to facts or circumstances arising subsequent to the
effectiveness of such Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, or
to otherwise provide information necessary to comply with Section 10(a)(3) of
the Securities Act regarding the age of financial statements included therein,


                                       4


<PAGE>

provided that the Company is using its best efforts to prepare and file such
post-effective amendment as soon as practicable and the Company is using its
best efforts to have such post-effective amendment declared effective by the
Commission and (y) grace periods of 5 Trading Days for the preparation and
filing with the Commission of any prospectus supplement (any such failure or
breach being referred to as an "EVENT," and for purposes of clauses (i) or (ii)
the date on which such Event occurs, or for purposes of clause (iii) the date
which such 45 Trading Day-period is exceeded, being referred to as "EVENT
Date"), then in addition to any other rights the Holders may have hereunder or
under applicable law: (x) on each such Event Date the Company shall pay to each
Holder an amount in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to
1.0% of the Investment Amount paid by such Holder for those Shares that are
still owned by Holder on the Event Date; and (y) on each monthly anniversary of
each such Event Date (if the applicable Event shall not have been cured by such
date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder
an amount in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, equal to 2.0% of
the Investment Amount paid by such Holder for those Shares that are still owned
by Holder on each such monthly anniversary of the Event Date. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
the parties agree that the Company will not be liable for liquidated damages
under this Section in respect of the Warrants or Warrant Shares, and the maximum
aggregate cash liquidated damages payment for each Holder shall be equal to 10%
of the aggregate Investment Amount paid by such Holder for Shares pursuant to
the Purchase Agreement. If the Company fails to pay any liquidated damages
pursuant to this Section in full within seven days after the date payable, the
Company will pay interest thereon at a rate of 10% per annum (or such lesser
maximum amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder,
accruing daily from the date such liquidated damages are due until such amounts,
plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The liquidated damages
pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily pro-rata basis for any
portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event, except in the case of the
first Event Date.

                  (e) Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed
Questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as ANNEX B (a "SELLING
SECURITY HOLDER QUESTIONNAIRE"). The Company shall not be required to include
the Registrable Securities of a Holder in a Registration Statement and shall not
be required to pay any liquidated or other damages under Section 2(d) to any
Holder who fails to furnish to the Company a fully completed Selling Security
Holder Questionnaire at least three Trading Days prior to the filing of a
Registration Statement or any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto (subject to the requirements set forth in Section 3(a)).

         3. REGISTRATION PROCEDURES.

                  In connection with the Company's registration obligations
hereunder, the Company shall:

                  (a) Not less than five Trading Days prior to the filing of a
Registration Statement or any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement
thereto, the Company shall furnish to each Holder copies of the "Selling
Stockholders" section of such document, the "Plan of Distribution" and any risk
factor contained in such document that addresses specifically this transaction
or the Selling Stockholders, as proposed to be filed which documents will be


                                       5


<PAGE>

subject to the review of such Holder. The Company shall not file a Registration
Statement, any Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto in which the
information regarding the Investor in the "Selling Security Holder" section
thereof differs from the disclosure information received from a Holder in its
Selling Security Holder Questionnaire (as amended or supplemented).

                  (b) (i) Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments,
including post-effective amendments, to each Registration Statement and the
Prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such
Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable
Securities for its Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission
such additional Registration Statements in order to register for resale under
the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities; (ii) cause the related
Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by any required Prospectus supplement,
and as so supplemented or amended to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (iii)
respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the
Commission with respect to each Registration Statement or any amendment thereto
and, as promptly as reasonably possible provide the Holders true and complete
copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to such
Registration Statement that would not result in the disclosure to the Holders of
material and non-public information concerning the Company; and (iv) comply in
all material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange
Act with respect to the Registration Statements and the disposition of all
Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement.

                  (c) Notify the Holders as promptly as reasonably possible
(and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than three Trading Days prior to
such filing) and (if requested by any such Person) confirm such notice in
writing no later than one Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus
or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration
Statement is proposed to be filed; (B) when the Commission notifies the Company
whether there will be a "review" of such Registration Statement and whenever the
Commission comments in writing on such Registration Statement (the Company shall
provide true and complete copies thereof and all written responses thereto to
each of the Holders that pertain to the Holders as a Selling Stockholder or to
the Plan of Distribution, but not information which the Company believes would
constitute material and non-public information); and (C) with respect to each
Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become
effective; (ii) of any request by the Commission or any other Federal or state
governmental authority for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement
or Prospectus or for additional information; (iii) of the issuance by the
Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration
Statement covering any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of
any Proceedings for that purpose; (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any
notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption
from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any
jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such
purpose; and (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes
the financial statements included in a Registration Statement ineligible for
inclusion therein or any statement made in such Registration Statement or
Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by
reference untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to such
Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of
such Registration Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not


                                       6


<PAGE>

contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

                  (d) Use its reasonable best efforts to avoid the issuance of,
or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order suspending the
effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the
qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable
Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

                  (e) Make available to each Holder, without charge, at least
one conformed copy of each Registration Statement and each amendment thereto and
all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously
furnished) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission.

                  (f) Promptly deliver to each Holder, without charge, as many
copies of each Prospectus or Prospectuses (including each form of prospectus)
and each amendment or supplement thereto as such Persons may reasonably request.
The Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or
supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection with the
offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and
any amendment or supplement thereto.

                  (g) Prior to any public offering of Registrable Securities, to
register or qualify or cooperate with the selling Holders in connection with the
registration or qualification (or exemption from such registration or
qualification) of such Registrable Securities for offer and sale under the
securities or Blue Sky laws of all jurisdictions within the United States, to
keep each such registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective
during the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things
necessary or advisable to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the
Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statements.

                  (h) Cooperate with the Holders to facilitate the timely
preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities to
be delivered to a transferee pursuant to the Registration Statements, which
certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Purchase Agreement,
of all restrictive legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in
such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holders may request.

                  (i) Upon the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section
3(c)(v), as promptly as reasonably possible, prepare a supplement or amendment,
including a post-effective amendment, to the affected Registration Statements or
a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to
be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so
that, as thereafter delivered, no Registration Statement nor any Prospectus will
contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

         4. REGISTRATION EXPENSES. All fees and expenses incident to the
performance of or compliance with this Agreement by the Company shall be borne
by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a


                                       7


<PAGE>

Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing
sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees
(including, without limitation, fees and expenses (A) with respect to filings
required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then
listed for trading, and (B) in compliance with applicable state securities or
Blue Sky laws), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses
of printing certificates for Registrable Securities and of printing prospectuses
if the printing of prospectuses is reasonably requested by the holders of a
majority of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement),
(iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of
counsel for the Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company
so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all other Persons
retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. In addition, the Company shall be responsible
for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation,
all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or
accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any
securities exchange as required hereunder.

         5. INDEMNIFICATION.

                  (a) INDEMNIFICATION BY THE COMPANY. The Company shall,
notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless
each Holder, the officers, directors, agents, investment advisors, partners,
members and employees of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the
Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, agents and employees of each such
controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and
against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including,
without limitation, reasonable costs of preparation and reasonable attorneys'
fees) and expenses (collectively, "LOSSES"), as incurred, arising out of or
relating to any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained
in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in
any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising
out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in
the case of any Prospectus or form of prospectus or supplement thereto, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, except to the
extent, but only to the extent, that (1) such untrue statements or omissions are
based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the
Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such
information relates to such Holder or such Holder's proposed method of
distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved
in writing by such Holder expressly for use in the Registration Statement, such
Prospectus or such form of Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto
(it being understood that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this
purpose) or (2) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified
in Section 3(c)(ii)-(v), the use by such Holder of an outdated or defective
Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the
Prospectus is outdated or defective and prior to the receipt by such Holder of
an Advice or an amended or supplemented Prospectus, but only if and to the
extent that following the receipt of the Advice or the amended or supplemented
Prospectus the misstatement or omission giving rise to such Loss would have been


                                       8


<PAGE>

corrected. The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution,
threat or assertion of any Proceeding of which the Company is aware in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

                  (b) INDEMNIFICATION BY HOLDERS. Each Holder shall, severally
and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors,
officers, agents and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act),
and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against all Losses, as
incurred, arising solely out of or based solely upon: (x) such Holder's failure
to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act or (y)
any untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement,
any Prospectus, or any form of prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement
thereto, or arising solely out of or based solely upon any omission of a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading to the extent, but only to the extent that, (1) such
untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such
Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use
therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such
Holder's proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was
reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in
the Registration Statement (it being understood that the Holder has approved
Annex A hereto for this purpose), such Prospectus or such form of Prospectus or
in any amendment or supplement thereto or (2) in the case of an occurrence of an
event of the type specified in Section 3(c)(ii)-(v), the use by such Holder of
an outdated or defective Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder
in writing that the Prospectus is outdated or defective and prior to the receipt
by such Holder of an Advice or an amended or supplemented Prospectus, but only
if and to the extent that following the receipt of the Advice or the amended or
supplemented Prospectus the misstatement or omission giving rise to such Loss
would have been corrected. In no event shall the liability of any selling Holder
hereunder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds
received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise
to such indemnification obligation.

                  (c) CONDUCT OF INDEMNIFICATION PROCEEDINGS. If any Proceeding
shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder
(an "INDEMNIFIED PARTY"), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the
Person from whom indemnity is sought (the "INDEMNIFYING PARTY") in writing, and
the Indemnifying Party shall assume the defense thereof, including the
employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the
payment of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof;
provided, that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall
not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to
this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall be finally
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not
subject to appeal or further review) that such failure shall have proximately
and materially adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

                  An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but
the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such
Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in
writing to pay such fees and expenses; (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have
failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel


                                       9


<PAGE>

reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding; or (3)
the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties)
include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and such
Indemnified Party shall have been advised by counsel that a conflict of interest
is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party
and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies
the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to employ separate counsel at
the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the
right to assume the defense thereof and such counsel shall be at the expense of
the Indemnifying Party). The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any
settlement of any such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. No Indemnifying Party shall, without
the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any
pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless
such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from
all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding.

                  All fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including
reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with
investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not
inconsistent with this Section) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as
incurred, within ten Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying
Party (regardless of whether it is ultimately determined that an Indemnified
Party is not entitled to indemnification hereunder; provided, that the
Indemnifying Party may require such Indemnified Party to undertake to reimburse
all such fees and expenses to the extent it is finally judicially determined
that such Indemnified Party is not entitled to indemnification hereunder). (d)
CONTRIBUTION. If a claim for indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is
unavailable to an Indemnified Party (by reason of public policy or otherwise),
then each Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party,
shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a
result of such Losses, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the
relative fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection
with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses as well
as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such
Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined by reference to,
among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or
alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a
material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by,
such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties' relative intent,
knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such
action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result
of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth
in Section 5(c), any reasonable attorneys' or other reasonable fees or expenses
incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such
party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the
indemnification provided for in this Section was available to such party in
accordance with its terms.

                  The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro
rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into
account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding
paragraph. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5(d), no Holder shall
be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount


                                       10


<PAGE>

by which the proceeds actually received by such Holder from the sale of the
Registrable Securities subject to the Proceeding exceeds the amount of any
damages that such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such
untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission.

                  The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this
Section are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have
to the Indemnified Parties.

         6. MISCELLANEOUS.

                  (a) REMEDIES. In the event of a breach by the Company or by a
Holder, of any of their obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the
Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all
rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages,
will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. The
Company and each Holder agree that monetary damages would not provide adequate
compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the
provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any
action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall waive the
defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

                  (b) NO PIGGYBACK ON REGISTRATIONS. Except as and to the extent
specified in Schedule 3.1(v) to the Purchase Agreement, neither the Company nor
any of its security holders (other than the Holders in such capacity pursuant
hereto) may include securities of the Company in a Registration Statement other
than the Registrable Securities.

                  (c) COMPLIANCE. Each Holder covenants and agrees that it will
comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as
applicable to it in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to
the Registration Statement.

                  (d) DISCONTINUED DISPOSITION. Each Holder agrees by its
acquisition of such Registrable Securities that, upon receipt of a notice from
the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section
3(c), such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable
Securities under the Registration Statement until such Holder's receipt of the
copies of the supplemented Prospectus and/or amended Registration Statement or
until it is advised in writing (the "ADVICE") by the Company that the use of the
applicable Prospectus may be resumed, and, in either case, has received copies
of any additional or supplemental filings that are incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated by reference in such Prospectus or Registration Statement. The
Company may provide appropriate stop orders to enforce the provisions of this
paragraph.

                  (e) PIGGY-BACK REGISTRATIONS. If at any time during the
Effectiveness Period there is not an effective Registration Statement covering
all of the Registrable Securities and the Company shall determine to prepare and
file with the Commission a registration statement relating to an offering for
its own account or the account of others under the Securities Act of any of its
equity securities, other than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as promulgated under
the Securities Act) or their then equivalents relating to equity securities to
be issued solely in connection with any acquisition of any entity or business or
equity securities issuable in connection with stock option or other employee


                                       11


<PAGE>

benefit plans, then the Company shall send to each Holder written notice of such
determination and, if within fifteen days after receipt of such notice, any such
Holder shall so request in writing, the Company shall include in such
registration statement all or any part of such Registrable Securities such
holder requests to be registered, subject to customary underwriter cutbacks
applicable to all holders of registration rights.

                  (f) AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS. The provisions of this Agreement,
including the provisions of this Section 6(f), may not be amended, modified or
supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof
may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Company
and the Holders of no less than a majority in interest of the then outstanding
Registrable Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to
depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates
exclusively to the rights of certain Holders and that does not directly or
indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be given by Holders of at
least a majority of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent
relates.

                  (g) NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or
deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
(provided the sender receives a machine-generated confirmation of successful
transmission) at the facsimile number specified in this Section prior to 6:30
p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
at the facsimile number specified in this Section on a day that is not a Trading
Day or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the
Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such
notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications
shall be as follows:

         If to the Company:         Emrise Corporation
                                    9485 Haven Avenue, Suite 100
                                    Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730
                                    Facsimile: (909) 987-9228
                                    Attn.: Chief Financial Officer

         With a copy to:            Rutan & Tucker, LLP
                                    611 Anton Blvd., 14th Floor
                                    Costa Mesa, CA 92626-1998
                                    Facsimile: (714) 546-9035
                                    Attn.: Larry Cerutti, Esq.


         If to an Investor:         To the address for notices set forth under
                                    such Investor's name on the signature pages
                                    hereto.

         If to any other Person who is then the registered Holder:

                                    To the address of such Holder as it appears
                                    in the stock transfer books of the Company.


                                       12


<PAGE>

or such other address as may be designated in writing hereafter, in the same
manner, by such Person.

                  (h) SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of
the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not
assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of
each Holder. Each Holder may assign their respective rights hereunder in the
manner and to the Persons as permitted under the Purchase Agreement.

                  (i) EXECUTION AND COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to
be an original and, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the
same Agreement. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile
transmission, such signature shall create a valid binding obligation of the
party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same with
the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original
thereof.

                  (j) GOVERNING LAW. All questions concerning the construction,
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by
and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of
New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each
party agrees that all Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement
and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (whether brought
against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, employees or agents) will
be commenced in the New York Courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably
waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not
personally subject to the jurisdiction of any New York Court, or that such
Proceeding has been commenced in an improper or inconvenient forum. Each party
hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to
process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of
process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in
any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party
hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, any and all right to trial by jury in any Proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either
party shall commence a Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement,
then the prevailing party in such Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other
party for its attorney's fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.

                  (k) CUMULATIVE REMEDIES. The remedies provided herein are
cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.


                                       13


<PAGE>

                  (l) SEVERABILITY. If any term, provision, covenant or
restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions,
covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties
hereto shall use their reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative
means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and
declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the
remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of
such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

                  (m) HEADINGS. The headings in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the
meaning hereof.

                  (n) INDEPENDENT NATURE OF INVESTORS' OBLIGATIONS AND RIGHTS.
The obligations of each Investor under this Agreement are several and not joint
with the obligations of each other Investor, and no Investor shall be
responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other
Investor under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein or in any Transaction
Document, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant thereto, shall be deemed
to constitute the Investors as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or
any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Investors are in any
way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document.
Each Investor acknowledges that no other Investor will be acting as agent of
such Investor in enforcing its rights under this Agreement. Each Investor shall
be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including without
limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be
necessary for any other Investor to be joined as an additional party in any
Proceeding for such purpose. The Company acknowledges that each of the Investors
has been provided with the same Registration Rights Agreement for the purpose of
closing a transaction with multiple Investors and not because it was required or
requested to do so by any Investor.


                   [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
                           SIGNATURE PAGES TO FOLLOW]


                                       14


<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

                                            EMRISE CORPORATION


                                            By:_________________________________
                                                 Name:
                                                 Title:


                   [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
                     SIGNATURE PAGES OF INVESTORS TO FOLLOW]


                                       15


<PAGE>

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.


                                             NAME OF INVESTING ENTITY

                                             ___________________________________

                                             By: _______________________________
                                                 Name:
                                                 Title:

                                             ADDRESS FOR NOTICE

                                             c/o: ______________________________

                                             Street:____________________________

                                             City/State/Zip:____________________

                                             Attention:_________________________

                                             Tel:_______________________________

                                             Fax:_______________________________

                                             Email:_____________________________


                                       16





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>emrise_8kex10-3.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.3


NEITHER THESE SECURITIES NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE
SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR
THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES
ACT"), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE
COMPANY. THESE SECURITIES AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE
SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT SECURED
BY SUCH SECURITIES.


                               EMRISE CORPORATION


                                     WARRANT


Warrant No. [  ]                              Original Issue Date: [     ], 2005

         Emrise Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"), hereby
certifies that, for value received, [ ] or its registered assigns (the
"HOLDER"), is entitled to purchase from the Company up to a total of [ ](1)
shares of Common Stock (each such share, a "WARRANT SHARE" and all such shares,
the "WARRANT SHARES"), at any time and from time to time from and after the
Original Issue Date and through and including January [ ], 2010 (the "EXPIRATION
DATE"), and subject to the following terms and conditions:

         1. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Warrant, the following terms shall have
the respective definitions set forth in this Section 1. Capitalized terms that
are used and not defined in this Warrant that are defined in the Purchase
Agreement (as defined below) shall have the respective definitions set forth in
the Purchase Agreement.

         "BUSINESS DAY" means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day that
is a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York or the State of California are authorized
or required by law or other government action to close.


- -------------
(1)  A number of shares as equals 25% of the Shares issuable to such Investor at
     the Closing under the Purchase Agreement.



<PAGE>

         "CALL CONDITION PERIOD" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.

         "CALL DATE" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.

         "CALL NOTICE" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.

         "COMMON STOCK" means the common stock of the Company, par value $.0033
per share, and any securities into which such common stock may hereafter be
reclassified.

         "EXERCISE PRICE" means $1.73, subject to adjustment in accordance with
Section 9.

         "FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION" means any of the following: (1) the Company
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person
pursuant to which the Company is not the surviving entity (other than a
migratory merger conducted for the purpose of changing the Company's state of
incorporation), (2) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (3) any tender offer or
exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property, or (4) the Company effects any
reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant
to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other
securities, cash or property.

         "ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE" means the Original Issue Date first set forth on
the first page of this Warrant.

         "NEW YORK COURTS" means the state and federal courts sitting in the
City of New York, Borough of Manhattan.

         "PURCHASE AGREEMENT" means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
December 29, 2004, to which the Company and the original Holder are parties.

         "TRADING DAY" means (i) a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a
Trading Market (other than the OTC Bulletin Board), or (ii) if the Common Stock
is not listed on a Trading Market (other than the OTC Bulletin Board), a day on
which the Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter market, as reported by
the OTC Bulletin Board, or (iii) if the Common Stock is not quoted on any
Trading Market, a day on which the Common Stock is quoted in the
over-the-counter market as reported by the National Quotation Bureau
Incorporated (or any similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions
of reporting prices); provided, that in the event that the Common Stock is not
listed or quoted as set forth in (i), (ii) and (iii) hereof, then Trading Day
shall mean a Business Day.

         "VWAP" means on any particular Trading Day or for any particular
period, the volume weighted average trading price per share of Common Stock on
such date or for such period as reported by the Bloomberg L.P., or by any
successor performing similar functions.

         2. REGISTRATION OF WARRANT. The Company shall register this Warrant
upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the "WARRANT
REGISTER"), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The


                                       2


<PAGE>

Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute
owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the
Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

         3. REGISTRATION OF TRANSFERS. The Company shall register the transfer
of any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this
Warrant, with the Form of Assignment attached hereto duly completed and signed,
to the Company at its address specified herein. Upon any such registration or
transfer, a new Warrant to purchase Common Stock, in substantially the form of
this Warrant (any such new Warrant, a "NEW Warrant"), evidencing the portion of
this Warrant so transferred shall be issued to the transferee and a New Warrant
evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any,
shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance of the New Warrant by
the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all
of the rights and obligations of a holder of a Warrant.

         4. EXERCISE AND DURATION OF WARRANTS.

                  (a) This Warrant shall be exercisable by the registered Holder
at any time and from time to time on or after the Original Issue Date through
and including the Expiration Date. At 6:30 p.m., New York City time on the
Expiration Date, the portion of this Warrant not exercised prior thereto shall
be and become void and of no value.

                  (b) Subject to the provisions of this Section 4(b), if at any
time following the one year anniversary of the Original Issue Date: (i) the VWAP
of the Common Stock for each of 30 consecutive Trading Days following the one
year anniversary of the Original Issue Date is greater than $3.46 (subject to
adjustment in accordance with Section 9), (ii) the Warrant Shares are either
registered for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement naming the
Holder as a selling stockholder thereunder (and the prospectus thereunder is
available for use by the Holder as to all Warrant Shares) or freely transferable
without volume restrictions pursuant to Rule 144(k) promulgated under the
Securities Act, as determined by counsel to the Company pursuant to a written
opinion letter addressed and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
Holder and the transfer agent for the Common Stock, during the entire 30 Trading
Day period referenced in (i) above through the expiration of the Call Date as
set forth in the Company's notice pursuant to this Section (the "CALL CONDITION
PERIOD"), and (iii) the Company shall have complied in all material respects
with its obligations under this Warrant and the Transaction Documents and the
Common Stock shall at all times be listed or quoted on a Trading Market, then,
subject to the conditions set forth in this Section, the Company may, in its
sole discretion, elect to require the exercise of all (but not less than all) of
the then unexercised portion of this Warrant, on the date that is the 30th day
after written notice thereof (a "CALL NOTICE") is delivered by the Company (the
"CALL DATE") to the address last shown on the records of the Company for the
Holder or given by the Holder to the Company for the purpose of notice;
PROVIDED, that the conditions to giving such notice must be in effect at all
times during the Call Condition Period or any such Call Notice shall be null and
void. The Company and the Holder agree that, if and to the extent Section 11 of
this Warrant would restrict the ability of the Holder to exercise this Warrant
in the event of a delivery of a Call Notice, then notwithstanding anything to
the contrary set forth in the Call Notice, the Call Notice shall be deemed
automatically amended to apply only to such portion of this Warrant as may be
exercised by the Holder by the Call Date in accordance with such Sections as are
then in effect. The Holder will promptly (and, in any event, prior to the Call


                                       3


<PAGE>

Date) notify the Company in writing following receipt of a Call Notice if
Section 11 would restrict its exercise of the Warrant, specifying therein the
number of Warrant Shares so restricted. The Company covenants and agrees that it
will honor all Exercise Notices tendered through 6:30 p.m. (New York City time)
on the Call Date.

         5. DELIVERY OF WARRANT SHARES.

                  (a) To effect exercises hereunder, the Holder shall not be
required to physically surrender this Warrant unless the aggregate Warrant
Shares represented by this Warrant is being exercised. Upon delivery of the
Exercise Notice (in the form attached hereto) to the Company (with the attached
Warrant Shares Exercise Log) at its address for notice set forth herein and upon
payment of the Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares that
the Holder intends to purchase hereunder, the Company shall promptly (but in no
event later than three Trading Days after the Date of Exercise (as defined
herein)) issue and deliver to the Holder, a certificate for the Warrant Shares
issuable upon such exercise, which, unless otherwise required by the Purchase
Agreement, shall be free of restrictive legends. The Company shall, upon request
of the Holder and subsequent to the date on which a registration statement
covering the resale of the Warrant Shares has been declared effective by the
Securities and Exchange Commission, use its reasonable best efforts to deliver
Warrant Shares hereunder electronically through the Depository Trust Corporation
or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions, if
available, PROVIDED, that, the Company may, but will not be required to change
its transfer agent if its current transfer agent cannot deliver Warrant Shares
electronically through the Depository Trust Corporation. A "DATE OF EXERCISE"
means the date on which the Holder shall have delivered to the Company: (i) the
Exercise Notice (with the Warrant Exercise Log attached to it), appropriately
completed and duly signed and (ii) if such Holder is not utilizing the cashless
exercise provisions set forth in this Warrant, payment of the Exercise Price for
the number of Warrant Shares so indicated by the Holder to be purchased.

                  (b) If by the third Trading Day after a Date of Exercise the
Company fails to deliver the required number of Warrant Shares in the manner
required pursuant to Section 5(a), then the Holder will have the right to
rescind such exercise.

                  (c) If by the third Trading Day after a Date of Exercise the
Company fails to deliver the required number of Warrant Shares in the manner
required pursuant to Section 5(a), and if after such third Trading Day and prior
to the receipt of such Warrant Shares, the Holder purchases (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a
sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving
upon such exercise (a "BUY-IN"), then the Company shall (1) pay in cash to the
Holder the amount by which (x) the Holder's total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased
exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (A) the number of Warrant Shares
that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the
exercise at issue by (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock at the time
of the obligation giving rise to such purchase obligation and (2) at the option
of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number
of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored or deliver to the


                                       4


<PAGE>

Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the
Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder.
The Holder shall provide the Company written notice and supporting documentation
indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In.

                  (d) The Company's obligations to issue and deliver Warrant
Shares in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional,
irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any
waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any
judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff,
counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged
breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any
violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and
irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such
obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of
Warrant Shares. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder's right to pursue any other
remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with
respect to the Company's failure to timely deliver certificates representing
Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

         6. CHARGES, TAXES AND EXPENSES. Issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares
upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder for any
issue or transfer tax, withholding tax, transfer agent fee or other incidental
tax or expense in respect of the issuance of such certificates, all of which
taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of
any transfer involved in the registration of any certificates for Warrant Shares
or Warrants in a name other than that of the Holder. The Holder shall be
responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or
transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

         7. REPLACEMENT OF WARRANT. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost, stolen
or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and
substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in lieu of and substitution
for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction and customary and
reasonable indemnity (which shall not include a surety bond), if requested.
Applicants for a New Warrant under such circumstances shall also comply with
such other reasonable regulations and procedures and pay such other reasonable
third-party costs as the Company may prescribe. If a New Warrant is requested as
a result of a mutilation of this Warrant, then the Holder shall deliver such
mutilated Warrant to the Company as a condition precedent to the Company's
obligation to issue the New Warrant.

         8. RESERVATION OF WARRANT SHARES. The Company covenants that it will at
all times reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized but
unissued and otherwise unreserved Common Stock, solely for the purpose of
enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as herein
provided, the number of Warrant Shares which are then issuable and deliverable
upon the exercise of this entire Warrant, free from preemptive rights or any
other contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (taking into
account the adjustments and restrictions of SECTION 9). The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance and the
payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms hereof, be
duly and validly authorized, issued and fully paid and nonassessable.


                                       5


<PAGE>

         9. CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to
time as set forth in this SECTION 9.

                  (a) STOCK DIVIDENDS AND SPLITS. If the Company, at any time
while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a stock dividend on its Common Stock
or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable
in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a larger number of shares, or (iii) combines outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price
shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and of which
the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this
paragraph shall become effective immediately after the payment of the dividend
or the making of the distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or
(iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective
date of such subdivision or combination.

                  (b) FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS. If, at any time while this
Warrant is outstanding there is a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall
have the right thereafter to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the same
amount and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled
to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been,
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of
Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant (the
"ALTERNATE CONSIDERATION"). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination
of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company
shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a
reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of
the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as
to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction,
then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental
Transaction. At the Holder's option and request, any successor to the Company or
surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall, either (1) issue to the
Holder a new warrant substantially in the form of this Warrant and consistent
with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder's right to purchase the
Alternate Consideration for the aggregate Exercise Price upon exercise thereof,
or (2) purchase the Warrant from the Holder for a purchase price, payable in
cash within five Trading Days after such request (or, if later, on the effective
date of the Fundamental Transaction), equal to the Black Scholes value of the
remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of such request. The
terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected
shall include terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply
with the provisions of this paragraph (b) and insuring that the Warrant (or any
such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent
transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.


                                       6


<PAGE>

                  (c) NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES. Simultaneously with any
adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 9, the number of
Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be
increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the
aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant
Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such adjustment.

                  (d) CALCULATIONS. All calculations under this SECTION 9 shall
be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as applicable.
The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not
include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company, and the
disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Common
Stock.

                  (e) NOTICE OF ADJUSTMENTS. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment pursuant to this SECTION 9, the Company at its expense will promptly
compute such adjustment in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and prepare
a certificate setting forth such adjustment, including a statement of the
adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant Shares or other
securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing
the transactions giving rise to such adjustments and showing in detail the facts
upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will
promptly deliver a copy of each such certificate to the Holder and to the
Company's Transfer Agent.

                  (f) NOTICE OF CORPORATE EVENTS. If the Company (i) declares a
dividend or any other distribution of cash, securities or other property in
respect of its Common Stock, including without limitation any granting of rights
or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the Company or any
Subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating
or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii)
authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice describing
the material terms and conditions of such transaction (but only to the extent
such disclosure would not result in the dissemination of material, non-public
information to the Holder) at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable
record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Common Stock in
order to participate in or vote with respect to such transaction, and the
Company will take all steps reasonably necessary in order to insure that the
Holder is given the practical opportunity to exercise this Warrant prior to such
time so as to participate in or vote with respect to such transaction; provided,
however, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not
affect the validity of the corporate action required to be described in such
notice.

         10. PAYMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE. The Holder may pay the Exercise Price in
one of the following manners:

                  (a) CASH EXERCISE. The Holder may deliver immediately
available funds; or

                  (b) CASHLESS EXERCISE. If an Exercise Notice is delivered at a
time when a registration statement permitting the Holder to resell the Warrant
Shares is not then effective or the prospectus forming a part thereof is not
then available to the Holder for the resale of the Warrant Shares, then the


                                       7


<PAGE>

Holder may notify the Company in an Exercise Notice of its election to utilize
cashless exercise, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder the
number of Warrant Shares determined as follows:

                                    X = Y [(A-B)/A]

                           where:

                                    X = the number of Warrant Shares to be
                                    issued to the Holder.

                                    Y = the number of Warrant Shares with
                                    respect to which this Warrant is being
                                    exercised.

                                    A = the average of the closing sale prices
                                    for the five Trading Days immediately prior
                                    to (but not including) the Exercise Date.

                                    B = the Exercise Price.

For purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, it is intended,
understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issued in a cashless
exercise transaction shall be deemed to have been acquired by the Holder, and
the holding period for the Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have commenced, on
the date this Warrant was originally issued.

         11. LIMITATIONS ON EXERCISE. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the number of Warrant Shares that may be acquired by the
Holder upon any exercise of this Warrant (or otherwise in respect hereof) shall
be limited to the extent necessary to insure that, following such exercise (or
other issuance), the total number of shares of Common Stock then beneficially
owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and any other Persons whose beneficial
ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with the Holder's for purposes of
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, does not exceed 9.999% of the total number of
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (including for such purpose the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise). For such purposes,
beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. This
provision shall not restrict the number of shares of Common Stock which a Holder
may receive or beneficially own in order to determine the amount of securities
or other consideration that such Holder may receive in the event of a
Fundamental Transaction as contemplated in Section 9 of this Warrant. This
restriction may not be waived.

         12. NO FRACTIONAL SHARES. No fractional shares of Warrant Shares will
be issued in connection with any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any
fractional shares which would, otherwise be issuable, the Company shall pay cash
equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the closing sale price of
one Warrant Share as reported by the applicable Trading Market on the date of
exercise.

         13. NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
hereunder (including, without limitation, any Exercise Notice) shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date
of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at
the facsimile number specified in this Section prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of


                                       8


<PAGE>

transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile number specified in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or
later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the Trading
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight
courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is
required to be given. The addresses for such communications shall be: (i) if to
the Company, to Emrise Corporation, Attn: President, or to Facsimile No.: (909)
987-9228 (or such other address as the Company shall indicate in writing in
accordance with this Section), or (ii) if to the Holder, to the address or
facsimile number appearing on the Warrant Register or such other address or
facsimile number as the Holder may provide to the Company in accordance with
this Section.

         14. WARRANT AGENT. The Company shall serve as warrant agent under this
Warrant. Upon 10 days' notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint a new
warrant agent. Any corporation into which the Company or any new warrant agent
may be merged or any corporation resulting from any consolidation to which the
Company or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which
the Company or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all of its
corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant
agent under this Warrant without any further act. Any such successor warrant
agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be
mailed (by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the Holder at the Holder's last
address as shown on the Warrant Register.

         15. MISCELLANEOUS.

                  (a) This Warrant shall be binding on and inure to the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Subject to
the preceding sentence, nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to
any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable right,
remedy or cause of action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only
in writing signed by the Company and the Holder and their successors and
assigns.

                  (b) All questions concerning the construction, validity,
enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New
York (except for matters governed by corporate law in the State of Delaware),
without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees
that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of this Warrant and the transactions herein contemplated ("PROCEEDINGS")
(whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, employees
or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the New York Courts. Each party
hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York
Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any New York Court, or that
such Proceeding has been commenced in an improper or inconvenient forum. Each
party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents
to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and
agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way


                                       9


<PAGE>

any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Warrant or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either
party shall commence a Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
then the prevailing party in such Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other
party for its attorney's fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.

                  (c) The headings herein are for convenience only, do not
constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

                  (d) In case any one or more of the provisions of this Warrant
shall be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and
enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Warrant shall not
in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt in good
faith to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision which shall be a
commercially reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall
incorporate such substitute provision in this Warrant.

                  (e) Prior to exercise of this Warrant, the Holder hereof shall
not, by reason of by being a Holder, be entitled to any rights of a stockholder
with respect to the Warrant Shares.


                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK,
                             SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]


                                       10


<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly
executed by its authorized officer as of the date first indicated above.


                                       EMRISE CORPORATION


                                       By:______________________________________
                                            Name:
                                            Title:


                                       11


<PAGE>

                                 EXERCISE NOTICE
                               EMRISE CORPORATION
                             WARRANT DATED [ ], 2005


The undersigned Holder hereby irrevocably elects to purchase _____________
shares of Common Stock pursuant to the above referenced Warrant. Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the respective meanings set
forth in the Warrant.

(1) The undersigned Holder hereby exercises its right to purchase ____________
Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrant.

(2) The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as
(check one):

                    ____  "Cash Exercise" under Section 10

                    ____  "Cashless Exercise" under Section 10

(3) If the holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the holder shall pay the sum of
$____________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(4) Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver to the holder
_______________ Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(5) By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents and
warrants to the Company that in giving effect to the exercise evidenced hereby
the Holder will not beneficially own in excess of the number of shares of Common
Stock (determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934) permitted to be owned under Section 11 of this Warrant to which
this notice relates.

(6) The undersigned represents that it has and will comply with the prospectus
delivery requirements of the Securities Act.


Dated: ____________ , ____          Name of Holder:

                                    (Print)_____________________________________

                                    By:_________________________________________
                                    Name:_______________________________________
                                    Title:______________________________________

                                    (Signature must conform in all respects to
                                    name of holder as specified on the face of
                                    the Warrant)


                                       12


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                                WARRANT SHARES EXERCISE LOG


- ----------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------
Date                          Number of Warrant Shares      Number of Warrant Shares           Number of Warrant Shares
                              Available to be Exercised     Exercised                          Remaining to be Exercised
- ----------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------
<S>     <C>













- ----------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                            13


<PAGE>

                               EMRISE CORPORATION
                       WARRANT ORIGINALLY ISSUED [ ], 2005
                                 WARRANT NO. [ ]


                               FORM OF ASSIGNMENT


         [To be completed and signed only upon transfer of Warrant]

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers
unto ________________________________ the right represented by the
above-captioned Warrant to purchase ____________ shares of Common Stock to which
such Warrant relates and appoints ________________ attorney to transfer said
right on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the
premises.

Dated:   _______________, ____


                                    ____________________________________________
                                    (Signature must conform in all respects to
                                    name of holder as specified on the face of
                                    the Warrant)



                                    ____________________________________________
                                    Address of Transferee



                                    ____________________________________________

                                    ____________________________________________


In the presence of:

________________________________


                                       14





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>emrise_8kex10-4.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.4


NEITHER THESE SECURITIES NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE
SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR
THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES
ACT"), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO
SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE
COMPANY. THESE SECURITIES AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THESE
SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT SECURED
BY SUCH SECURITIES.


                               EMRISE CORPORATION


                              PLACEMENT WARRANT

Placement
Warrant No. [  ]                              Original Issue Date: [     ], 2005

         Emrise Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "COMPANY"), hereby
certifies that, for value received, [ ] or its registered assigns (the
"HOLDER"), is entitled to purchase from the Company up to a total of [ ] shares
of Common Stock (each such share, a "WARRANT SHARE" and all such shares, the
"WARRANT SHARES"), at any time and from time to time from and after the Original
Issue Date and through and including January [ ], 2010 (the "EXPIRATION DATE"),
and subject to the following terms and conditions:

         1. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Warrant, the following terms shall have
the respective definitions set forth in this Section 1. Capitalized terms that
are used and not defined in this Warrant that are defined in the Purchase
Agreement (as defined below) shall have the respective definitions set forth in
the Purchase Agreement.

         "BUSINESS DAY" means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day that
is a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day on which banking
institutions in the State of New York or the State of California are authorized
or required by law or other government action to close.

         "CALL CONDITION PERIOD" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.

         "CALL DATE" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.



<PAGE>

         "CALL NOTICE" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.

         "COMMON STOCK" means the common stock of the Company, par value $.0033
per share, and any securities into which such common stock may hereafter be
reclassified.

         "EXERCISE PRICE" means $1.73, subject to adjustment in accordance with
Section 9.

         "FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION" means any of the following: (1) the Company
effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person
pursuant to which the Company is not the surviving entity (other than a
migratory merger conducted for the purpose of changing the Company's state of
incorporation), (2) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (3) any tender offer or
exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their
shares for other securities, cash or property, or (4) the Company effects any
reclassification of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant
to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other
securities, cash or property.

         "ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE" means the Original Issue Date first set forth on
the first page of this Warrant.

         "NEW YORK COURTS" means the state and federal courts sitting in the
City of New York, Borough of Manhattan.

         "PURCHASE AGREEMENT" means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
December 29, 2004, to which the Company and various investors are parties.

         "TRADING DAY" means (i) a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a
Trading Market (other than the OTC Bulletin Board), or (ii) if the Common Stock
is not listed on a Trading Market (other than the OTC Bulletin Board), a day on
which the Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter market, as reported by
the OTC Bulletin Board, or (iii) if the Common Stock is not quoted on any
Trading Market, a day on which the Common Stock is quoted in the
over-the-counter market as reported by the National Quotation Bureau
Incorporated (or any similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions
of reporting prices); provided, that in the event that the Common Stock is not
listed or quoted as set forth in (i), (ii) and (iii) hereof, then Trading Day
shall mean a Business Day.

         "VWAP" means on any particular Trading Day or for any particular
period, the volume weighted average trading price per share of Common Stock on
such date or for such period as reported by the Bloomberg L.P., or by any
successor performing similar functions.

         2. REGISTRATION OF WARRANT. The Company shall register this Warrant
upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the "WARRANT
REGISTER"), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The
Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute
owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the
Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.


                                       2


<PAGE>

         3. REGISTRATION OF TRANSFERS. The Company shall register the transfer
of any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant Register, upon surrender of this
Warrant, with the Form of Assignment attached hereto duly completed and signed,
to the Company at its address specified herein. Upon any such registration or
transfer, a new Warrant to purchase Common Stock, in substantially the form of
this Warrant (any such new Warrant, a "NEW Warrant"), evidencing the portion of
this Warrant so transferred shall be issued to the transferee and a New Warrant
evidencing the remaining portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any,
shall be issued to the transferring Holder. The acceptance of the New Warrant by
the transferee thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all
of the rights and obligations of a holder of a Warrant.

         4. EXERCISE AND DURATION OF WARRANTS.

                  (a) This Warrant shall be exercisable by the registered Holder
at any time and from time to time on or after the Original Issue Date through
and including the Expiration Date. At 6:30 p.m., New York City time on the
Expiration Date, the portion of this Warrant not exercised prior thereto shall
be and become void and of no value.

                  (b) Subject to the provisions of this Section 4(b), if at any
time following the one year anniversary of the Original Issue Date: (i) the VWAP
of the Common Stock for each of 30 consecutive Trading Days following the one
year anniversary of the Original Issue Date is greater than $3.46 (subject to
adjustment in accordance with Section 9), (ii) the Warrant Shares are either
registered for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement naming the
Holder as a selling stockholder thereunder (and the prospectus thereunder is
available for use by the Holder as to all Warrant Shares) or freely transferable
without volume restrictions pursuant to Rule 144(k) promulgated under the
Securities Act, as determined by counsel to the Company pursuant to a written
opinion letter addressed and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
Holder and the transfer agent for the Common Stock, during the entire 30 Trading
Day period referenced in (i) above through the expiration of the Call Date as
set forth in the Company's notice pursuant to this Section (the "CALL CONDITION
PERIOD"), and (iii) the Company shall have complied in all material respects
with its obligations under this Warrant and the Transaction Documents and the
Common Stock shall at all times be listed or quoted on a Trading Market, then,
subject to the conditions set forth in this Section, the Company may, in its
sole discretion, elect to require the exercise of all (but not less than all) of
the then unexercised portion of this Warrant, on the date that is the 30th day
after written notice thereof (a "CALL NOTICE") is delivered by the Company (the
"CALL DATE") to the address last shown on the records of the Company for the
Holder or given by the Holder to the Company for the purpose of notice;
PROVIDED, that the conditions to giving such notice must be in effect at all
times during the Call Condition Period or any such Call Notice shall be null and
void. The Company and the Holder agree that, if and to the extent Section 11 of
this Warrant would restrict the ability of the Holder to exercise this Warrant
in the event of a delivery of a Call Notice, then notwithstanding anything to
the contrary set forth in the Call Notice, the Call Notice shall be deemed
automatically amended to apply only to such portion of this Warrant as may be
exercised by the Holder by the Call Date in accordance with such Sections as are
then in effect. The Holder will promptly (and, in any event, prior to the Call
Date) notify the Company in writing following receipt of a Call Notice if
Section 11 would restrict its exercise of the Warrant, specifying therein the
number of Warrant Shares so restricted. The Company covenants and agrees that it
will honor all Exercise Notices tendered through 6:30 p.m. (New York City time)
on the Call Date.


                                       3


<PAGE>

         5. DELIVERY OF WARRANT SHARES.

                  (a) To effect exercises hereunder, the Holder shall not be
required to physically surrender this Warrant unless the aggregate Warrant
Shares represented by this Warrant is being exercised. Upon delivery of the
Exercise Notice (in the form attached hereto) to the Company (with the attached
Warrant Shares Exercise Log) at its address for notice set forth herein and upon
payment of the Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares that
the Holder intends to purchase hereunder, the Company shall promptly (but in no
event later than three Trading Days after the Date of Exercise (as defined
herein)) issue and deliver to the Holder, a certificate for the Warrant Shares
issuable upon such exercise, which, unless otherwise required by the Purchase
Agreement, shall be free of restrictive legends. The Company shall, upon request
of the Holder and subsequent to the date on which a registration statement
covering the resale of the Warrant Shares has been declared effective by the
Securities and Exchange Commission, use its reasonable best efforts to deliver
Warrant Shares hereunder electronically through the Depository Trust Corporation
or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions, if
available, PROVIDED, that, the Company may, but will not be required to change
its transfer agent if its current transfer agent cannot deliver Warrant Shares
electronically through the Depository Trust Corporation. A "DATE OF EXERCISE"
means the date on which the Holder shall have delivered to the Company: (i) the
Exercise Notice (with the Warrant Exercise Log attached to it), appropriately
completed and duly signed and (ii) if such Holder is not utilizing the cashless
exercise provisions set forth in this Warrant, payment of the Exercise Price for
the number of Warrant Shares so indicated by the Holder to be purchased.

                  (b) If by the third Trading Day after a Date of Exercise the
Company fails to deliver the required number of Warrant Shares in the manner
required pursuant to Section 5(a), then the Holder will have the right to
rescind such exercise.

                  (c) If by the third Trading Day after a Date of Exercise the
Company fails to deliver the required number of Warrant Shares in the manner
required pursuant to Section 5(a), and if after such third Trading Day and prior
to the receipt of such Warrant Shares, the Holder purchases (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a
sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving
upon such exercise (a "BUY-IN"), then the Company shall (1) pay in cash to the
Holder the amount by which (x) the Holder's total purchase price (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased
exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (A) the number of Warrant Shares
that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the
exercise at issue by (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock at the time
of the obligation giving rise to such purchase obligation and (2) at the option
of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number
of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored or deliver to the
Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the
Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder.
The Holder shall provide the Company written notice and supporting documentation
indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In.


                                       4


<PAGE>

                  (d) The Company's obligations to issue and deliver Warrant
Shares in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional,
irrespective of any action or inaction by the Holder to enforce the same, any
waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any
judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff,
counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged
breach by the Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Company or any
violation or alleged violation of law by the Holder or any other Person, and
irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such
obligation of the Company to the Holder in connection with the issuance of
Warrant Shares. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder's right to pursue any other
remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with
respect to the Company's failure to timely deliver certificates representing
Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

         6. CHARGES, TAXES AND EXPENSES. Issuance and delivery of Warrant Shares
upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder for any
issue or transfer tax, withholding tax, transfer agent fee or other incidental
tax or expense in respect of the issuance of such certificates, all of which
taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, however, that the
Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of
any transfer involved in the registration of any certificates for Warrant Shares
or Warrants in a name other than that of the Holder. The Holder shall be
responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a result of holding or
transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares upon exercise hereof.

         7. REPLACEMENT OF WARRANT. If this Warrant is mutilated, lost, stolen
or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and
substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or in lieu of and substitution
for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction and customary and
reasonable indemnity (which shall not include a surety bond), if requested.
Applicants for a New Warrant under such circumstances shall also comply with
such other reasonable regulations and procedures and pay such other reasonable
third-party costs as the Company may prescribe. If a New Warrant is requested as
a result of a mutilation of this Warrant, then the Holder shall deliver such
mutilated Warrant to the Company as a condition precedent to the Company's
obligation to issue the New Warrant.

         8. RESERVATION OF WARRANT SHARES. The Company covenants that it will at
all times reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its authorized but
unissued and otherwise unreserved Common Stock, solely for the purpose of
enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as herein
provided, the number of Warrant Shares which are then issuable and deliverable
upon the exercise of this entire Warrant, free from preemptive rights or any
other contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (taking into
account the adjustments and restrictions of SECTION 9). The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares so issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance and the
payment of the applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms hereof, be
duly and validly authorized, issued and fully paid and nonassessable.


                                       5


<PAGE>

         9. CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS. The Exercise Price and number of Warrant Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are subject to adjustment from time to
time as set forth in this SECTION 9.

                  (a) STOCK DIVIDENDS AND SPLITS. If the Company, at any time
while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) pays a stock dividend on its Common Stock
or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of capital stock that is payable
in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a larger number of shares, or (iii) combines outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price
shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and of which
the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to clause (i) of this
paragraph shall become effective immediately after the payment of the dividend
or the making of the distribution, and any adjustment pursuant to clause (ii) or
(iii) of this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective
date of such subdivision or combination.

                  (b) FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS. If, at any time while this
Warrant is outstanding there is a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall
have the right thereafter to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the same
amount and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled
to receive upon the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been,
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number of
Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise in full of this Warrant (the
"ALTERNATE CONSIDERATION"). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination
of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect
of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company
shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a
reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of
the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as
to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction,
then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental
Transaction. At the Holder's option and request, any successor to the Company or
surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall, either (1) issue to the
Holder a new warrant substantially in the form of this Warrant and consistent
with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder's right to purchase the
Alternate Consideration for the aggregate Exercise Price upon exercise thereof,
or (2) purchase the Warrant from the Holder for a purchase price, payable in
cash within five Trading Days after such request (or, if later, on the effective
date of the Fundamental Transaction), equal to the Black Scholes value of the
remaining unexercised portion of this Warrant on the date of such request. The
terms of any agreement pursuant to which a Fundamental Transaction is effected
shall include terms requiring any such successor or surviving entity to comply
with the provisions of this paragraph (b) and insuring that the Warrant (or any
such replacement security) will be similarly adjusted upon any subsequent
transaction analogous to a Fundamental Transaction.


                                       6


<PAGE>

                  (c) NUMBER OF WARRANT SHARES. Simultaneously with any
adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to this Section 9, the number of
Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be
increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the
aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the adjusted number of Warrant
Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price in effect immediately
prior to such adjustment.

                  (d) CALCULATIONS. All calculations under this SECTION 9 shall
be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as applicable.
The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not
include shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company, and the
disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of Common
Stock.

                  (e) NOTICE OF ADJUSTMENTS. Upon the occurrence of each
adjustment pursuant to this SECTION 9, the Company at its expense will promptly
compute such adjustment in accordance with the terms of this Warrant and prepare
a certificate setting forth such adjustment, including a statement of the
adjusted Exercise Price and adjusted number or type of Warrant Shares or other
securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (as applicable), describing
the transactions giving rise to such adjustments and showing in detail the facts
upon which such adjustment is based. Upon written request, the Company will
promptly deliver a copy of each such certificate to the Holder and to the
Company's Transfer Agent.

                  (f) NOTICE OF CORPORATE EVENTS. If the Company (i) declares a
dividend or any other distribution of cash, securities or other property in
respect of its Common Stock, including without limitation any granting of rights
or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the Company or any
Subsidiary, (ii) authorizes or approves, enters into any agreement contemplating
or solicits stockholder approval for any Fundamental Transaction or (iii)
authorizes the voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then the Company shall deliver to the Holder a notice describing
the material terms and conditions of such transaction (but only to the extent
such disclosure would not result in the dissemination of material, non-public
information to the Holder) at least 10 calendar days prior to the applicable
record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold Common Stock in
order to participate in or vote with respect to such transaction, and the
Company will take all steps reasonably necessary in order to insure that the
Holder is given the practical opportunity to exercise this Warrant prior to such
time so as to participate in or vote with respect to such transaction; provided,
however, that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not
affect the validity of the corporate action required to be described in such
notice.

         10. PAYMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE. The Holder may pay the Exercise Price in
one of the following manners:

                  (a) CASH EXERCISE. The Holder may deliver immediately
available funds; or

                  (b) CASHLESS EXERCISE. The Holder may notify the Company in an
Exercise Notice of its election to utilize cashless exercise, in which event the
Company shall issue to the Holder the number of Warrant Shares determined as
follows:


                                       7


<PAGE>

                                    X = Y [(A-B)/A]

                           where:

                                    X = the number of Warrant Shares to be
                                    issued to the Holder.

                                    Y = the number of Warrant Shares with
                                    respect to which this Warrant is being
                                    exercised.

                                    A = the average of the closing sale prices
                                    for the five Trading Days immediately prior
                                    to (but not including) the Exercise Date.

                                    B = the Exercise Price.

For purposes of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, it is intended,
understood and acknowledged that the Warrant Shares issued in a cashless
exercise transaction shall be deemed to have been acquired by the Holder, and
the holding period for the Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have commenced, on
the date this Warrant was originally issued.

         11. LIMITATIONS ON EXERCISE. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the number of Warrant Shares that may be acquired by the
Holder upon any exercise of this Warrant (or otherwise in respect hereof) shall
be limited to the extent necessary to insure that, following such exercise (or
other issuance), the total number of shares of Common Stock then beneficially
owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and any other Persons whose beneficial
ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with the Holder's for purposes of
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, does not exceed 9.999% of the total number of
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (including for such purpose the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise). For such purposes,
beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. This
provision shall not restrict the number of shares of Common Stock which a Holder
may receive or beneficially own in order to determine the amount of securities
or other consideration that such Holder may receive in the event of a
Fundamental Transaction as contemplated in Section 9 of this Warrant. This
restriction may not be waived.

         12. NO FRACTIONAL SHARES. No fractional shares of Warrant Shares will
be issued in connection with any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any
fractional shares which would, otherwise be issuable, the Company shall pay cash
equal to the product of such fraction multiplied by the closing sale price of
one Warrant Share as reported by the applicable Trading Market on the date of
exercise.

         13. NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
hereunder (including, without limitation, any Exercise Notice) shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date
of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at
the facsimile number specified in this Section prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City
time) on a Trading Day, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the
facsimile number specified in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or
later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the Trading
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally recognized overnight
courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is
required to be given. The addresses for such communications shall be: (i) if to
the Company, to Emrise Corporation, Attn: President, or to Facsimile No.: (909)


                                       8


<PAGE>

987-9228 (or such other address as the Company shall indicate in writing in
accordance with this Section), or (ii) if to the Holder, to the address or
facsimile number appearing on the Warrant Register or such other address or
facsimile number as the Holder may provide to the Company in accordance with
this Section.

         14. WARRANT AGENT. The Company shall serve as warrant agent under this
Warrant. Upon 10 days' notice to the Holder, the Company may appoint a new
warrant agent. Any corporation into which the Company or any new warrant agent
may be merged or any corporation resulting from any consolidation to which the
Company or any new warrant agent shall be a party or any corporation to which
the Company or any new warrant agent transfers substantially all of its
corporate trust or shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant
agent under this Warrant without any further act. Any such successor warrant
agent shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be
mailed (by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the Holder at the Holder's last
address as shown on the Warrant Register.

         15. MISCELLANEOUS.

                  (a) This Warrant shall be binding on and inure to the benefit
of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Subject to
the preceding sentence, nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give to
any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable right,
remedy or cause of action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be amended only
in writing signed by the Company and the Holder and their successors and
assigns.

                  (b) All questions concerning the construction, validity,
enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New
York (except for matters governed by corporate law in the State of Delaware),
without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees
that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of this Warrant and the transactions herein contemplated ("PROCEEDINGS")
(whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, employees
or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the New York Courts. Each party
hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York
Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any New York Court, or that
such Proceeding has been commenced in an improper or inconvenient forum. Each
party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents
to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via
registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Warrant and
agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way
any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Warrant or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either
party shall commence a Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant,
then the prevailing party in such Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other
party for its attorney's fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.


                                       9


<PAGE>

                  (c) The headings herein are for convenience only, do not
constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any
of the provisions hereof.

                  (d) In case any one or more of the provisions of this Warrant
shall be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and
enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Warrant shall not
in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt in good
faith to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision which shall be a
commercially reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall
incorporate such substitute provision in this Warrant.

                  (e) Prior to exercise of this Warrant, the Holder hereof shall
not, by reason of by being a Holder, be entitled to any rights of a stockholder
with respect to the Warrant Shares.


                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK,
                             SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]


                                       10


<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly
executed by its authorized officer as of the date first indicated above.


                                       EMRISE CORPORATION


                                       By:______________________________________
                                            Name:
                                            Title:



                                       11


<PAGE>

                                 EXERCISE NOTICE
                               EMRISE CORPORATION
                      PLACEMENT WARRANT DATED JANUARY [ ], 2005


The undersigned Holder hereby irrevocably elects to purchase _____________
shares of Common Stock pursuant to the above referenced Warrant. Capitalized
terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the respective meanings set
forth in the Warrant.

(1) The undersigned Holder hereby exercises its right to purchase ____________
Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrant.

(2) The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as
(check one):

                    ____  "Cash Exercise" under Section 10

                    ____  "Cashless Exercise" under Section 10

(3) If the holder has elected a Cash Exercise, the holder shall pay the sum of
$____________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(4) Pursuant to this Exercise Notice, the Company shall deliver to the holder
_______________ Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

(5) By its delivery of this Exercise Notice, the undersigned represents and
warrants to the Company that in giving effect to the exercise evidenced hereby
the Holder will not beneficially own in excess of the number of shares of Common
Stock (determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934) permitted to be owned under Section 11 of this Warrant to which
this notice relates.

(6) The undersigned represents that it has and will comply with the prospectus
delivery requirements of the Securities Act.


Dated: ____________ , ____          Name of Holder:

                                    (Print)_____________________________________

                                    By:_________________________________________
                                    Name:_______________________________________
                                    Title:______________________________________

                                    (Signature must conform in all respects to
                                    name of holder as specified on the face of
                                    the Warrant)


                                       12


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                     PLACEMENT WARRANT SHARES EXERCISE LOG


- ----------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------
Date                          Number of Warrant Shares      Number of Warrant Shares           Number of Warrant Shares
                              Available to be Exercised     Exercised                          Remaining to be Exercised
- ----------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------
<S>     <C>













- ----------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                            13


<PAGE>

                               EMRISE CORPORATION
               PLACEMENT WARRANT ORIGINALLY ISSUED JANUARY [ ], 2005
                                 WARRANT NO. [ ]


                               FORM OF ASSIGNMENT


         [To be completed and signed only upon transfer of Warrant]

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers
unto ________________________________ the right represented by the
above-captioned Warrant to purchase ____________ shares of Common Stock to which
such Warrant relates and appoints ________________ attorney to transfer said
right on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the
premises.

Dated:   _______________, ____


                                    ____________________________________________
                                    (Signature must conform in all respects to
                                    name of holder as specified on the face of
                                    the Warrant)



                                    ____________________________________________
                                    Address of Transferee



                                    ____________________________________________

                                    ____________________________________________


In the presence of:

________________________________


                                       14

<TABLE>
                                                WARRANT SHARES EXERCISE LOG


- ----------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------
Date                          Number of Warrant Shares      Number of Warrant Shares           Number of Warrant Shares
                              Available to be Exercised     Exercised                          Remaining to be Exercised
- ----------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------
<S>     <C>







- ----------------------------- ----------------------------- ---------------------------------- ---------------------------
</TABLE>

                                                            14


<PAGE>

                               EMRISE CORPORATION
                PLACEMENT WARRANT ORIGINALLY ISSUED JANUARY [ ], 2005
                                 WARRANT NO. [ ]


                               FORM OF ASSIGNMENT


         [To be completed and signed only upon transfer of Warrant]

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers
unto ________________________________ the right represented by the
above-captioned Warrant to purchase ____________ shares of Common Stock to which
such Warrant relates and appoints ________________ attorney to transfer said
right on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the
premises.

Dated:   _______________, ____


                                    ____________________________________________
                                    (Signature must conform in all respects to
                                    name of holder as specified on the face of
                                    the Warrant)



                                    ____________________________________________
                                    Address of Transferee



                                    ____________________________________________

                                    ____________________________________________


In the presence of:

________________________________


                                       15



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
