

                                                                    Exhibit 10.1
                                                                    ------------


                                              NEWS RELEASE FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
                                                   For More Information Contact:
                                               Phil Levin, Chairman of the Board
                                                                  (419) 535-6374


  N-VIRO ANNOUNCES ELECTION OF DANIEL HASLINGER AS PRESIDENT AND CEO AND CHANGES
                                  TO ITS BOARD

Toledo,  Ohio, December 27, 2004  -  N-Viro International Corp. (OTC BB/NVIC.OB)
announced  the election by its Board of Mr. Daniel J. Haslinger as President and
Chief  Operating  Officer  (CEO) of the Company, effective January 1, 2005.  Mr.
Phil Levin, past President and CEO, will continue as Chairman of the Board.  Mr.
Haslinger,  a  prominent  Toledo businessman, has served on the Board since 1999
and  formerly  chaired  the  Audit  Committee,  among  other  Board duties.  Mr.
Haslinger  was  founder and owner of Micro Macro Integrated Systems Corporation,
an  early innovator in computer-aided process control technology.  Mr. Haslinger
sold Micro Macro to Science Applications International Corporation in 1990.  Mr.
Haslinger  is  also  co-owner  of  the  Toledo  FM  radio  station  Fox  97.3.

N-Viro  also  announced  the  election  of  Mr.  Carl Richard to the Board.  Mr.
Richard  is  Vice-President  and  co-owner  of PR Transportation, a Toledo-based
business, and is a significant and long-time investor in N-Viro.  With the prior
election  of Mr. Joe Scheib, an accountant and chair of the Audit Committee, the
Company's  Board is now fully in compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley requirements for
independent  and  qualified  directors.

President  Haslinger stated, "Coming from a farm background and then moving into
the  world  of  technology,  I  have  always  admired  N-Viro's  vision of using
technology  to  transform  society's by-products into agricultural resources.  I
believe I can use my business development background to move the Company forward
during  this  period  of  significant  change  for  us."

Chairman  Levin  also  noted  the importance of having an independent Board with
significant  successful  business  experience.

About  N-Viro
- -------------
N-Viro  International  Corporation  develops  and  licenses  its  technology  to
municipalities  and  private  companies.  N-Viro's  patented  processes use lime
and/or  mineral-rich, combustion byproducts to treat, pasteurize, immobilize and
convert  wastewater  sludge  and  other  bio-organic  wastes  into  biomineral
agricultural  and  soil-enrichment  products  with  real  market  value.  More
information  about N-Viro International can be obtained by contacting the office
or  on  the  Internet  at  www.nviro.com or by e-mail inquiry to info@nviro.com.
                           -------------                         --------------

The  Company  cautions  that  words  used  in  this  document such as "expects,"
"anticipates,"  "believes"  and  "may," as well as similar words and expressions
used  herein, identify and refer to statements describing events that may or may
not  occur  in  the future.  These forward-looking statements and the matters to
which  they  refer are subject to considerable uncertainty that may cause actual
results  to  be  materially different from those described herein.  For example,
while  the  Company believes that trends in sludge treatment are moving in favor
of the Company's technology, such trends may not continue or may never result in
increased  sales  or  profits  to  the  Company  because  of the availability of
competing  processes.  Additional information about these and other factors that
may  adversely  affect  these  forward-looking  statements  are contained in the
Company's  reports  and  filings  with  the  Securities and Exchange Commission.
                                    -  30  -




