
                                   EXHIBIT 3a

                           CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION,
                            PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS OF
                           SERIES C PREFERRED STOCK OF
                              VERIDIUM CORPORATION

Pursuant to the  provisions and subject to the  requirements  of the laws of the
State of Delaware  (particularly Chapter 1, Title 8 of the Delaware Code and the
acts amendatory thereof and supplemental  thereto,  and known,  identified,  and
referred to as the  "General  Corporation  Law of the State of  Delaware"),  the
undersigned officer does hereby certify:

FIRST:  That by the  certificate  of  incorporation  duly  filed in the State of
Delaware,  the total number of shares which this corporation may issue is stated
by Article V to be as follows:

     (a)  Authorization.  The total  number of  shares of all  classes  of stock
          which the  Corporation  shall have  authority to issue is  55,000,000,
          consisting of 5,000,000  shares of Preferred  Stock,  par value $0.001
          per share (the  "Preferred  Stock"),  and 50,000,000  shares of Common
          Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Common Stock").

     (b)  Common Stock.

          (1)  Designation  and  Amount.  The number of shares,  powers,  terms,
               conditions,  designations,  preferences and privileges, relative,
               participating,   optional   and   other   special   rights,   and
               qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the Common Stock,
               shall  be as set  forth  in this  Article  V(b).  The  number  of
               authorized  shares of Common  Stock may be increased or decreased
               (but not  below  the  combined  number  of  shares  thereof  then
               outstanding  and those  reserved for issuance upon  conversion of
               any issued shares of Preferred  Stock) by the affirmative vote of
               the  holders  of the  majority  of the  stock of the  Corporation
               entitled  to vote,  irrespective  of the  provisions  of  Section
               242(b)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

          (2)  Voting.  Except as provided in this  Certificate of Incorporation
               or by  applicable  law,  each  holder  of Common  Stock  ("Common
               Stockholder")  shall be  entitled to one vote only for each share
               of Common  Stock held of record on all matters as to which Common
               Stockholders shall be entitled to vote, which voting rights shall
               not be cumulative.

          (3)  Other Rights.  Each share of Common Stock issued and  outstanding
               shall be identical  in all  respects  with each other such share,
               and no  dividends  shall be paid on any  shares of  Common  Stock
               unless the same  dividend  is paid on all shares of Common  Stock
               outstanding  at the time of such payment.  Except for and subject
               to those  rights  expressly  granted to the holders of  Preferred
               Stock and except as may be  provided  by the laws of the State of
               Delaware,  the Common Stockholders shall have all other rights of
               stockholders,  including,  without  limitation,  (a) the right to
               receive  dividends,   when  and  as  declared  by  the  Board  of
               Directors,  out of assets lawfully available therefor, and (b) in
               the  event of any  distribution  of  assets  upon a  liquidation,
               dissolution  or winding-up of the affairs of the  Corporation  or
               otherwise,  the right to receive  ratably and  equally,  together
               with the holders of the Preferred Stock, all the assets and funds
               of the Corporation  remaining after the payment to the holders of
               the Preferred Stock of the specific  amounts,  if any, which they
               are entitled to receive  upon such  liquidation,  dissolution  or
               winding-up of the affairs of the Corporation.

     (c)  Preferred  Stock.  The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time
          by the  Board  of  Directors  as  shares  of one or more  series.  The
          description of shares of each series of Preferred Stock, including any
          designations,   preferences,  conversions  and  other  rights,  voting
          powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications, and
          terms  and  conditions  of  redemption   shall  be  as  set  forth  in
          resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors.  The Board of Directors
          is  expressly  authorized,   at  any  time,  by  adopting  resolutions
          providing for the issuance of, or providing for a change in the number
          of, shares of any particular  series of Preferred Stock and, if and to
          the extent from time to time  required by law, by filing  certificates
          of amendment or designation  which are effective  without  stockholder
          action,  to increase or decrease the number of shares included in each
          series of  Preferred  Stock,  but not below the number of shares  then
          issued,  and to set in any  one or  more  respects  the  designations,
          preferences,  conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions,
          limitations as to dividends,  qualifications,  or terms and conditions
          of  redemption  relating  to the  shares  of  each  such  series.  The
          authority  of the Board of  Directors  with  respect to each series of
          Preferred  Stock  shall  include,  but not be limited  to,  setting or
          changing the following:

          (1)  the dividend rate, if any, on shares of such series,  the time of
               payment and the date from which  dividends  shall be accumulated,
               if dividends are to by cumulative;

          (2)  whether the shares of such series shall be redeemable and, if so,
               the  redemption  price  and  the  terms  and  conditions  of such
               redemption;

          (3)  the  obligation,  if any, of the  Corporation to redeem shares of
               such series pursuant to a sinking fund;

          (4)  whether the shares of such series shall be  convertible  into, or
               exchangeable  for,  shares of stock of any other class or classes
               and,  if so,  the  terms and  conditions  of such  conversion  or
               exchange,  including  the price or prices or the rate or rates of
               conversion or exchange and the terms of adjustment, if any;

          (5)  whether the shares of such series  shall have voting  rights,  in
               addition to the voting  rights  provided by law,  and, if so, the
               extent of such voting rights;

          (6)  the  rights  of the  shares  of such  series  in the event of the
               voluntary or involuntary  liquidation,  dissolution or winding-up
               of the affairs of the Corporation; and

          (7)  any other relative rights, powers,  preferences,  qualifications,
               limitations or restrictions relating to such series.

SECOND:  That  pursuant to the  authority so vested in the Board of Directors of
the  Corporation  by  the  provisions  of  the   Corporation's   Certificate  of
Incorporation, the Board of Directors, at a meeting duly convened and held on or
about November 23, 2004, adopted the following resolutions:

     RESOLVED:  That pursuant to the authority  vested in the Board of Directors
     of the Corporation by the  Corporation's  Certificate of  Incorporation,  a
     series of Preferred  Stock of the Corporation be, and it hereby is, created
     out of the  authorized  but  unissued  shares of the  capital  stock of the
     Corporation,  such series to be  designated  Series C Preferred  Stock,  to
     consist of Seven Hundred and Fifty  Thousand  (750,000)  shares,  par value
     $0.001 per share, which shall have the following designations, preferences,
     rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions:

     1.   Voting.  Unless  otherwise  required  by law,  the holder of shares of
          Series C  Preferred  Stock shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of
          stockholders   of  the  Corporation  (or  in  any  written  action  of
          stockholders  in  lieu  of a  meeting)  with  respect  to any  matters
          presented to the  stockholders  of the Corporation for their action or
          consideration.  The  number of votes  which may be cast by a holder of
          shares of Series C Preferred  Stock will equal to the number of shares
          of the  Corporation's  Common Stock into which that holder's  Series C
          Preferred  Stock could be converted on the record date for the meeting
          or action  (assuming  that the  Corporation  waived the  limitation on
          conversion prior to December 31, 2005, if applicable). The Corporation
          shall  provide each holder of record of Series C Preferred  Stock with
          timely notice of every meeting of  stockholders of the Corporation and
          shall  provide  each  holder  with  copies  of  all  proxy   materials
          distributed in connection therewith.

     2.   Dividends.  In the event  that the  Corporation's  Board of  Directors
          declares  a dividend  payable  to  holders of any class of stock,  the
          holder of each share of Series C Preferred  Stock shall be entitled to
          receive a  dividend  equal in amount  and kind to that  payable to the
          holder of the number of shares of the Corporation's  Common Stock into
          which that holder's Series C Preferred Stock could be converted on the
          record date for the dividend (assuming that the Corporation waived the
          limitation on conversion prior to December 31, 2005, if applicable).

     3.   Liquidation.  Upon the liquidation,  dissolution and winding up of the
          Corporation,  the  holders of the Series C  Preferred  Stock  shall be
          entitled  to  receive  in cash out of the  assets of the  Corporation,
          whether from capital or from earnings  available for  distribution  to
          its  stockholders,  before any amount  shall be paid to the holders of
          common stock,  the sum of One Cent ($0.01) per share,  after which the
          holders of Series C Preferred  Stock  shall share in the  distribution
          with the  holders of the Common  Stock on a pari passu  basis,  except
          that in determining  the  appropriate  distribution  of available cash
          among the  shareholders,  each share of Series C Preferred Stock shall
          be  deemed  to have been  converted  into the  number of shares of the
          Corporation's Common Stock into which that holder's Series C Preferred
          Stock  could be  converted  on the  record  date for the  distribution
          (assuming  that the  Corporation  waived the  limitation on conversion
          prior to December 31, 2005, if applicable).

     4.   Conversion.  At any time from and after  December 31, 2005, the holder
          of each  share of Series C  Preferred  Stock  shall  have the right to
          convert that share of Series C Preferred Stock into  twenty-five  (25)
          fully-paid  and  nonassessable  shares of Common  Stock.  The ratio of
          twenty-five  (25) shares of Common Stock for one (1) share of Series C
          Preferred  Stock,  as adjusted  pursuant to Subsection  4.4 below,  is
          referred to herein as the "Conversion Ratio."

          4.1  Conversion  Notice.  The Holder of a share of Series C  Preferred
               Stock  may  exercise  its  conversion  right by  giving a written
               conversion   notice  in  the  form  of  Exhibit  A  hereto   (the
               "Conversion   Notice")  (x)  by  facsimile  to  the   Corporation
               confirmed  by a  telephone  call  or  (y) by  overnight  delivery
               service,  with a copy by facsimile to the Corporation's  transfer
               agent for its Common Stock, as designated by the Corporation from
               time  to time  (the  "Transfer  Agent")  and to its  counsel,  as
               designated  by  the  Corporation  from  time  to  time.  If  such
               conversion  will result in the conversion of all of such Holder's
               Series C Preferred  Stock,  the Holder shall also  surrender  the
               certificate  for the Series C Preferred  Stock to the Corporation
               at its  principal  office (or such other  office or agency of the
               Corporation  may designate by notice in writing to the Holder) at
               any time during its usual business hours on the date set forth in
               the Conversion Notice.

          4.2  Issuance of Certificates; Time Conversion Effected.

               4.2.1Promptly,  but in no event more than three (3) Trading Days,
                    after the receipt of the  Conversion  Notice  referred to in
                    Subsection 4.1 and surrender of the Series C Preferred Stock
                    certificate (if required),  the Corporation  shall issue and
                    deliver,  or the  Corporation  shall  cause to be issued and
                    delivered,  to the Holder,  registered in such name or names
                    as the Holder may direct,  a certificate or certificates for
                    the  number of whole  shares of Common  Stock into which the
                    Series  C  Preferred  Stock  has  been  converted.   In  the
                    alternative,  if  the  Corporation's  Transfer  Agent  is  a
                    participant in the  electronic  book transfer  program,  the
                    Transfer Agent shall credit such aggregate  number of shares
                    of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled to the
                    Holder's  or  its  designee's   balance   account  with  The
                    Depository  Trust  Corporation.  Such  conversion  shall  be
                    deemed  to have been  effected,  and the  "Conversion  Date"
                    shall be deemed to have occurred,  on the date on which such
                    Conversion   Notice   shall  have  been   received   by  the
                    Corporation  and  at  the  time  specified  stated  in  such
                    Conversion Notice,  which must be during the calendar day of
                    such  notice.  The  rights  of the  Holder  of the  Series C
                    Preferred  Stock shall  cease,  and the person or persons in
                    whose  name or names any  certificate  or  certificates  for
                    shares  of  Common   Stock  shall  be  issuable   upon  such
                    conversion  shall be deemed  to have  become  the  holder or
                    holders of record of the shares represented  thereby, on the
                    Conversion Date. Issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable
                    upon  conversion  that are  requested to be  registered in a
                    name  other  than  that of the  registered  Holder  shall be
                    subject to compliance with all applicable  federal and state
                    securities laws.

               4.2.2The Corporation  understands that a delay in the issuance of
                    the shares of Common  Stock  beyond  three (3) Trading  Days
                    after the  Conversion  Date could result in economic loss to
                    the Holder of the Series C Preferred  Stock. As compensation
                    to the Holder for such loss, the  Corporation  agrees to pay
                    the Holder's  actual  losses  occasioned  by any "buy-in" of
                    Common   Stock   necessitated   by   such   late   delivery.
                    Furthermore,  in addition to any other  remedies that may be
                    available to the Holder,  if the  Corporation  fails for any
                    reason to effect  delivery  of such  shares of Common  Stock
                    within five (5) Trading Days after the Conversion  Date, the
                    Holder will be entitled  to revoke the  relevant  Conversion
                    Notice  by  delivering  a  notice  to  such  effect  to  the
                    Corporation. Upon delivery of such notice of revocation, the
                    Corporation  and the Holder  shall each be restored to their
                    respective  positions  immediately prior to delivery of such
                    Conversion  Notice,  except that the Holder shall retain the
                    right to receive the actual cost of any "buy-in."

          4.3  Fractional  Shares. The Corporation shall not, nor shall it cause
               the  Transfer  Agent to,  issue any fraction of a share of Common
               Stock upon any conversion.  All shares of Common Stock (including
               fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of shares of Series C
               Preferred Stock by the Holder shall be aggregated for purposes of
               determining  whether the conversion  would result in the issuance
               of a  fraction  of a  share  of  Common  Stock.  If,  after  such
               aggregation,  the  issuance  would  result in the  issuance  of a
               fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Corporation shall round,
               or cause the Transfer Agent to round, such fraction of a share of
               Common Stock up to the nearest whole share.

          4.4  Adjustment to Conversion  Ratio. In order to prevent  dilution of
               the  rights  granted  under the  Series C  Preferred  Stock,  the
               Conversion  Ratio will be subject to adjustment from time to time
               as provided in this Subsection 4.4.

               4.4.1Adjustment  of   Conversion   Ratio  upon   Subdivision   or
                    Combination of Common Stock.  If the Corporation at any time
                    subdivides   (by   any   stock   split,    stock   dividend,
                    recapitalization  or  otherwise)  one or more classes of its
                    outstanding  shares of Common Stock into a greater number of
                    shares,  the Conversion Ratio in effect immediately prior to
                    such subdivision will be proportionately  increased.  If the
                    Corporation  at any time combines (by  combination,  reverse
                    stock  split  or  otherwise)  one  or  more  classes  of its
                    outstanding  shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of
                    shares,  the Conversion Ratio in effect immediately prior to
                    such combination will be proportionately decreased.

               4.4.2Reorganization,  Reclassification,  Consolidation, Merger or
                    Sale.      Any       recapitalization,       reorganization,
                    reclassification,  consolidation,  merger,  sale  of  all or
                    substantially  all  of the  Corporation's  assets  or  other
                    transaction  which is effected in such a way that holders of
                    Common  Stock are  entitled to receive  (either  directly or
                    upon  subsequent  liquidation)  stock,  securities or assets
                    with  respect to or in exchange for Common Stock is referred
                    to herein as an "Organic  Change." Prior to the consummation
                    of any Organic Change, the Corporation will make appropriate
                    provision (in form and substance reasonably  satisfactory to
                    the Holder) to insure that the Holder will  thereafter  have
                    the right to acquire  and  receive in lieu of or in addition
                    to (as the case may be) the shares of Common Stock otherwise
                    acquirable and receivable upon the conversion of this Series
                    C  Preferred  Stock,  such  shares of stock,  securities  or
                    assets as would have been issued or payable in such  Organic
                    Change  with  respect  to or in  exchange  for the number of
                    shares of Common Stock that would have been  acquirable  and
                    receivable had this Series C Preferred  Stock been converted
                    into  shares  of  Common  Stock  immediately  prior  to such
                    Organic Change  (without taking into account any limitations
                    or restrictions on the timing of  conversions).  In any such
                    case, the Corporation  will make  appropriate  provision (in
                    form and substance  reasonably  satisfactory  to the Holder)
                    with respect to the Holder's  rights and interests to insure
                    that the  provisions of this Section 4.4 will  thereafter be
                    applicable to the Series C Preferred  Stock. The Corporation
                    will not  effect  any such  consolidation,  merger  or sale,
                    unless  prior to the  consummation  thereof,  the  successor
                    entity  (if  other  than  the  Corporation)  resulting  from
                    consolidation or merger or the entity purchasing such assets
                    assumes,  by  written  instrument  (in  form  and  substance
                    reasonably  satisfactory  to  the  holders  of a  more  than
                    sixty-six  and  two-thirds  percent  (66-2/3%)  of  Series C
                    Preferred Stock then outstanding), the obligation to deliver
                    to each  holder of Series C  Preferred  Stock such shares of
                    stock,  securities  or  assets  as, in  accordance  with the
                    foregoing  provisions,   such  holder  may  be  entitled  to
                    acquire.

               4.4.3Annual  Adjustments.  The Conversion Ratio shall be adjusted
                    on December 31, 2005 and on December 31, 2006 (each being an
                    "Adjustment  Date")  if the  conditions  set forth in either
                    Section 4.4.3.1 or Section 4.4.3.2 are met on the Adjustment
                    Date.

                    4.4.3.1 Anti-Dilution  Adjustment. If on the Adjustment Date
                         the number of Fully-Diluted  Shares exceeds  72,743,272
                         (adjusted in accordance  with the principles  described
                         in Section  4.4.1),  then from and after the Adjustment
                         Date,  the holder of each  share of Series C  Preferred
                         Stock  shall  have the right to  convert  that share of
                         Series C  Preferred  Stock into the  greater of (a) the
                         number  of shares of  Common  Stock  determined  by the
                         Conversion  Ratio  on the  Adjustment  Date or (b) that
                         number of  shares  of  Common  Stock as is equal to the
                         product  of (i)  0.0000003437  multiplied  by (ii)  the
                         number of  Fully-Diluted  Shares on the Adjustment Date
                         (defined below).  "Fully-Diluted  Shares" means the sum
                         of the  outstanding  Common  Stock  plus all  shares of
                         Common   Stock  that  would  be   outstanding   if  all
                         securities  that could be  converted  into Common Stock
                         without additional  consideration were converted on the
                         Conversion  Date,  but shall not include  Common  Stock
                         issuable on conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock.
                         The  formula  set forth in the first  sentence  of this
                         paragraph, as adjusted pursuant to any other applicable
                         paragraph  in  Section  4.4,  will  be the  "Conversion
                         Ratio" in effect after the Adjustment Date.

                    4.4.3.2 Price  Protection  Adjustment.  The Conversion Ratio
                         shall be  adjusted  if on the  Adjustment  Date,  after
                         taking  into  account  the   Anti-Dilution   Adjustment
                         described in Section  4.4.3.1,  the Market Value of the
                         number of shares of Common  Stock into which a share of
                         Series  C  Preferred   Stock  is   convertible  on  the
                         Adjustment Date is less than Two Dollars  ($2.00).  For
                         this purpose, "Market Value" shall equal the average of
                         the last sale prices  reported  for the Common Stock on
                         its  principal  trading  market for the twenty  trading
                         days immediately  preceding the Adjustment Date. If the
                         aforesaid  condition occurs on an Adjustment Date, then
                         the  Conversion  Ratio shall be  increased  so that the
                         Market  Value of the  number of shares of Common  Stock
                         into  which a share  of  Series  C  Preferred  Stock is
                         convertible  on the  Adjustment  Date is  equal  to Two
                         Dollars ($2.00).

               4.5  No Reissuance of Series C Preferred Stock.  Shares of Series
                    C Preferred  Stock that are converted  into shares of Common
                    Stock as provided herein shall not be reissued.

     5.   Vote to Change the Terms of or Issue  Series C  Preferred  Stock.  The
          affirmative  vote at a meeting  duly called for such  purpose,  or the
          written  consent  without a meeting,  of the  holders of not less than
          sixty-six  percent  (66%) of the then  outstanding  shares of Series C
          Preferred   Stock  shall  be  required  for  (i)  any  change  to  the
          Corporation's  Certificate of Incorporation  that would amend,  alter,
          change or  repeal  any of the  preferences,  limitations  or  relative
          rights  of the  Series C  Preferred  Stock,  or (ii) any  issuance  of
          additional shares of Series C Preferred Stock.

     6.   Notices. In case at any time:

          (a)  the Corporation  shall declare any dividend upon its Common Stock
               payable in cash or stock or make any other pro rata  distribution
               to the holders of its Common Stock; or

          (b)  the  Corporation  shall  offer for  subscription  pro rata to the
               holders of its Common Stock any additional shares of stock of any
               class or other rights; or

          (c)  there shall be any Organic  Change;  then,  in any one or more of
               such cases,  the  Corporation  shall  give,  by first class mail,
               postage  prepaid,  or by  facsimile  or by  recognized  overnight
               delivery  service  to  non-U.S.   residents,   addressed  to  the
               Registered Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock at the address
               of each such Holder as shown on the books of the Corporation, (i)
               at least twenty (20) Trading  Days' prior  written  notice of the
               date on which  the  books  of the  Corporation  shall  close or a
               record  shall  be  taken  for  such  dividend,   distribution  or
               subscription  rights or for determining rights to vote in respect
               of any  such  Organic  Change  and  (ii) in the  case of any such
               Organic Change,  at least twenty (20) Trading Days' prior written
               notice of the date when the same shall take place. Such notice in
               accordance with the foregoing  clause (i) shall also specify,  in
               the  case of any  such  dividend,  distribution  or  subscription
               rights,  the date on which the  holders of Common  Stock shall be
               entitled thereto,  and such notice in accordance with clause (ii)
               shall also  specify the date on which the holders of Common Stock
               shall be entitled to exchange  their Common Stock for  securities
               or other property deliverable upon such Organic Change.

     7.   Record Owner. The Corporation may deem the person in whose name shares
          of Series C Preferred  Stock  shall be  registered  upon the  registry
          books of the  Corporation  to be, and may treat him as,  the  absolute
          owner of the Series C Preferred  Stock for the purposes of  conversion
          or redemption and for all other purposes,  and the  Corporation  shall
          not be affected by any notice to the  contrary.  All such payments and
          such conversion  shall be valid and effective to satisfy and discharge
          the liabilities  arising under this Certificate of Designations to the
          extent of the sum or sums so paid or the conversion so made.

THIRD: That the said resolution of the Board of Directors,  and the creation and
authorization  of  issuance  thereby  of said  series  of  preferred  stock  and
determination  thereby  of  the  voting  rights,   dividend  rate,   liquidation
preference  and  conversion  right,  were duly  made by the  Board of  Directors
pursuant  to  authority  as  aforesaid  and  in  accordance   with  the  General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.


Signed on December 22, 2004

VERIDIUM CORPORATION

By:      /S/ Kevin Kreisler
         ------------------
         Kevin Kreisler
         Chairman and Chief Executive Officer







