
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

                                                    Filed by IAC/InterActiveCorp
                                                            Pursuant to Rule 425
                                                Under the Securities Act of 1933
                                                    Deemed filed and Rule 14a-12
                                       Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                                                     Commission File No. 0-20570


                           [IAC/INTERACTIVECORP LOGO]


                IAC ANNOUNCES PLAN TO SEPARATE INTO TWO COMPANIES

           TRAVEL BUSINESSES TO BECOME PUBLIC COMPANY CALLED 'EXPEDIA'

NEW YORK, NY - DECEMBER 21, 2004 - IAC/InterActiveCorp announced today that its
Board of Directors has approved a plan to separate IAC into two publicly traded
companies:


      o  Expedia,  which will include the domestic and international  operations
         associated  with  Expedia.com,   Hotels.com,   Hotwire,  TravelNow.com,
         Activity World, HotelDiscount.com, Condosaver.com, AllLuxuryHotels.com,
         Anyway.com,  eLong, TV Travel Shop,  Expedia Corporate Travel,  Classic
         Custom Vacations, and TripAdvisor; and

      o  IAC,  which will  include the  domestic  and  international  operations
         associated  with  IAC's  Ticketing  business,  including  Ticketmaster,
         ReserveAmerica,   TicketWeb  and  MuseumTix.com;  Electronic  Retailing
         business,   including   HSN,   HSN.com,   HSE  24,   America's   Store,
         Improvements,  and 9Live; Financial Services and Real Estate, including
         LendingTree,  RealEstate.com,  GetSmart,  iNest, and Domania; Local and
         Media  Services,  including  Citysearch,  ServiceMagic,   Entertainment
         Publications,  and Evite;  Personals,  including  Match.com  and uDate;
         Teleservices,  including Precision Response Corporation, Access Direct,
         and Hancock Information Group; and Interval International.

IAC will retain the  Company's  VUE  securities,  outstanding  indebtedness  and
preferred  stock  obligations,  as well as  substantially  the  Company's  cash.
Expedia will be appropriately capitalized.

Barry Diller will remain as Chairman and CEO of IAC. Mr.  Diller will also serve
as Chairman of Expedia and its senior executive; and Dara Khosrowshahi,  who the
company previously  announced would become President and CEO of IAC Travel, will
serve as CEO of Expedia.  Victor Kaufman will remain as Vice Chairman of IAC and
will also serve as Vice Chairman of Expedia.


SEE IMPORTANT NOTES AT END OF RELEASE
<PAGE>

Related to this  announcement,  Mr.  Diller  released  a Letter to  Shareholders
(attached) outlining the background and rationale for this development.

The  transaction is anticipated  to take the form of a  reclassification  of IAC
shares,  with the  holders  of IAC stock  receiving  a  proportionate  amount of
Expedia stock in a tax-free transaction.

It is contemplated that outstanding IAC stock options and restricted stock units
held by IAC employees will be converted  into options or restricted  stock units
of the  company  (either  IAC or  Expedia)  with  which  each  employee  remains
following the transaction. Appropriate adjustments will be made to all awards so
that  pre-transaction  value  will  be  maintained   immediately  following  the
transaction. Mr. Diller's IAC stock options will be converted to options in both
IAC and Expedia,  with exercise prices adjusted on a proportional basis based on
the  relative  trading  value  of  each  company  following  the  close  of  the
transaction.  Mr. Kaufman's  outstanding  equity will be treated the same as Mr.
Diller's.

The transaction is subject to a number of conditions including final approval by
IAC's Board of Directors of transaction  specifics,  receipt of a tax opinion of
counsel and the filing and  effectiveness  of  registration  statements with the
Securities  and  Exchange  Commission.  In  addition,  it is  expected  that IAC
stockholder  approval will be required.  The proposed spin-off is expected to be
completed in the second quarter of 2005.

IAC will audiocast a conference call with investors and analysts  discussing the
transaction on Tuesday,  December 21, 2004, at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time (ET). The
live audiocast is open to the public at HTTP://WWW.IAC.COM/INVESTORS.HTML.

                                       ###

ABOUT IAC/INTERACTIVECORP
IAC operates leading and diversified  businesses in sectors being transformed by
the  internet,  online and  offline...  our  mission is to harness  the power of
interactivity  to make daily life easier and more productive for people all over
the world.  To view a full list of the companies of IAC please visit our website
at HTTP://IAC.COM.

CONTACT INFORMATION:
IAC Corporate Communications
Deborah Roth / Andrea Riggs
(212) 314-7254 / 7280

IAC Investor Relations
Roger Clark / Lauren Porat
(212) 314-7400

                                                                               2
<PAGE>
SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND RECONCILIATIONS TO NON-GAAP MEASURES(a)
($ in millions, rounding differences may exist)

BUSINESSES COMPRISING EXPEDIA (POST-TRANSACTION)(b)

                                                        12 Months
                                                          Ended
                                                         9/30/04
                                                        ---------
Revenue (on a comparable net basis)                      $  1,825

Operating Income                                         $    404
Plus: amortization and merger costs                           145
                                                        ---------
Operating Income Before Amortization                     $    549
                                                        ---------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------

BUSINESSES COMPRISING IAC (POST-TRANSACTION)(c)

                                                        12 Months
                                                          Ended
                                                         9/30/04
                                                        ---------
Revenue                                                  $  4,239

Operating Income                                         $    326
Plus: amortization and merger costs                           203
                                                        ---------
Operating Income Before Amortization                     $    529
                                                        ---------

- -----------------------------------------------------------------

CORPORATE EXPENSE

                                                        12 Months
                                                          Ended
                                                         9/30/04
                                                        ---------
Operating income/(loss)                                  $   (286)
Plus: amortization and merger costs                      $    201
                                                        ---------
Operating Income/(Loss) Before Amortization              $    (86)
                                                        ---------
- -----------------------------------------------------------------
(a) Data is for informational purposes only, and does not reflect all of
    Expedia's costs of doing business, including certain pro forma and other
    adjustments for items such as non-cash compensation related to Expedia
    employees that is currently recorded at IAC Corporate. Allocations and pro
    forma adjustments will be finalized and reported in future company filings.
    In addition, certain revenue amounts which were historically eliminated in
    consolidation will no longer be eliminated, such as revenues for services
    provided by PRC to Expedia. For this reason, the combined revenue presented
    for Expedia and IAC is slightly greater than the consolidated revenue
    presented in historical financial statements.

(b) After the transaction, Expedia will include the domestic and international
    operations associated with Expedia.com, Hotels.com, Hotwire, TravelNow.com,
    Activity World, HotelDiscount.com, Condosaver.com, AllLuxuryHotels.com,
    Anyway.com, eLong, TV Travel Shop, Expedia Corporate Travel, Classic Custom
    Vacations, and TripAdvisor.

(c) After the transaction, IAC will include the domestic and international
    operations associated with IAC's Ticketing business, including Ticketmaster,
    ReserveAmerica, TicketWeb and MuseumTix.com; Electronic Retailing business,
    including HSN, HSN.com, HSE 24, America's Store, Improvements, and 9Live;
    Financial Services and Real Estate, including LendingTree, RealEstate.com,
    GetSmart, iNest, and Domania; Local and Media Services, including
    Citysearch, ServiceMagic, Entertainment Publications, and Evite; Personals,
    including Match.com and uDate; Teleservices, including Precision Response
    Corporation, Access Direct, and Hancock Information Group; and Interval
    International.

                                                                               3
<PAGE>

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995
This press release contains  "forward-looking  statements" within the meaning of
the Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform Act of 1995.  These  forward-looking
statements   include   statements   relating  to  IAC's  anticipated   financial
performance, business prospects, and similar matters, and/or statements preceded
by,   followed  by  or  that   include  the  words   "expects,"   "anticipates,"
"contemplates,"    "intends,"   "plans,"   or   similar    expressions.    These
forward-looking  statements are based on management's  current  expectations and
assumptions, which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in
circumstances  that  are  difficult  to  predict.   Actual  results  may  differ
materially  from those  suggested  by the  forward-looking  statements  due to a
variety of factors, including the risks inherent in separating Expedia from IAC;
costs related to the proposed transaction;  changes in business,  political, and
economic conditions due to the threat of future terrorist activity or otherwise;
future regulatory and legislative actions and conditions affecting our operating
areas; actions and initiatives by current and potential competitors; the ability
to expand into and  successfully  operate in  international  markets,  and other
risks  described in IAC's filings with the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission
(the "SEC).  Other  unknown or  unpredictable  factors also could have  material
adverse  effects  on  IAC's  and  Expedia's   future  results,   performance  or
achievements.  In light of these risks, uncertainties,  assumptions and factors,
the  forward-looking  events  discussed in this press release may not occur. You
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these  forward-looking  statements,
which speak only as of the date stated,  or if no date is stated, as of the date
of this press release.

IAC is not under any obligation  and does not intend to make publicly  available
any update or other revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained
in this press release to reflect  circumstances  existing after the date of this
press  release or to reflect the  occurrence of future events even if experience
or future events make it clear that any expected results expressed or implied by
those forward-looking statements will not be realized.


ADDITIONAL  INFORMATION
In connection with the proposed spin-off it is currently  expected that IAC will
file a proxy statement/prospectus with the SEC. Stockholders of IAC are urged to
read the proxy statement/prospectus,  when it becomes available, because it will
contain important  information about IAC, the proposed spin-off  transaction and
related  matters.  Investors and security  holders can obtain free copies of the
proxy  statement/prospectus  when it becomes  available by  contacting  Investor
Relations,  IAC/InterActiveCorp,  Carnegie Hall Tower, 152 W. 57th Street,  42nd
Floor, New York, NY 10019  (Telephone:  (212) 314-7400).  Investors and security
holders can also obtain free copies of the proxy  statement/prospectus and other
documents  filed by IAC and Expedia with the SEC in connection with the proposed
spin-off transaction at the SEC's web site at WWW.SEC.GOV.

In addition to the proxy  statement,  IAC files  annual,  quarterly  and current
reports,  proxy  statements  and other  information  with the SEC, each of which
should be available at the SEC's web site at WWW.SEC.GOV.  You may also read and
copy any reports, statements

                                                                               4
<PAGE>

and other information filed by IAC at the SEC public reference room at 450 Fifth
Street, N.W., Washington,  D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for
further information.

IAC and its directors,  executive officers and certain members of management and
other employees may be deemed to be participants in the  solicitation of proxies
of IAC's  stockholders  to  approve  the  proposed  spin-off  transaction.  Such
individuals may have interests in the transaction as described herein, including
as a result of current  holdings  of options or shares of IAC's stock and future
holdings of options or shares of Expedia's stock,  which will be impacted in the
transaction. Information regarding IAC and the equity interests of its directors
and officers who may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies
is contained in IAC's proxy statement, filed with the SEC on April 29, 2004.

As filed with the SEC December 21, 2004.






                                                                               5




