
                                                                    Exhibit 99.2


                                                    Filed by IAC/InterActiveCorp
                                                            Pursuant to Rule 425
                                                Under the Securities Act of 1933
                                                    Deemed filed and Rule 14a-12
                                       Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                                                     Commission File No. 0-20570


                           [IAC/INTERACTIVECORP LOGO]


                             LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

This letter is intended to explain and give context to our  actions.  We believe
greater  value can be created in the  configuration  we announce  today than any
other,  and from this all else flows.  This is entirely an  elective...there  is
nothing else that pushed us, no  transaction,  no inherent  worry that led us to
take this course at this time.

In the nine years since the creation of IAC, we have  acquired and built a great
collection  of  businesses,   in  categories  comprising  the  lion's  share  of
interactive commerce, each business with its own compelling story of success and
growth.  In a way you  could say we are the  victims  of our own  success.  HSN,
Ticketmaster,  and Match.com,  for example,  have each grown very  substantially
since we acquired them. And, while still embryonic,  our Financial  Services and
Local   businesses   -  including   LendingTree,   RealEstate.com,   Citysearch,
ServiceMagic,  Entertainment  Publications,  and Evite -- are poised for similar
great growth.

One of our most compelling successes has been our travel business, which started
in 1999  with our small  acquisition  of Hotel  Reservations  Network  (now,  of
course,  Hotels.com),  followed  in 2001  by our  acquisition  of a  controlling
interest in Expedia when that business was a fraction of its current size. Those
businesses  have had tremendous  growth...to  the point where they now represent
over 50% of IAC's  earnings,  and dwarf  each of our other  operations.  Many of
those,  standing  on their  own,  have  real  import  and  significance  but are
considered irrelevant in the current construct.

The result of our success in travel, and its present overweighting,  is that IAC
is viewed by the world as a Travel Company. While anyone who doubts that we love
the travel business would be wrong,  we've come to discover that this perception
actually  hinders the ability of our company to grow,  both  outside  travel and
inside of it. Outside  travel,  it hinders growth  through  acquisition  because
non-travel  companies  generally don't want to accept what they view as a travel
stock. Inside travel, acquisition growth, already hindered without a pure travel
currency,  would amplify IAC's  imbalance,  making it even harder for us to grow
outside of travel.

For the company and our shareholders these are negative  consequences we want to
correct. We had hoped that our natural progress over time would ameliorate this,
but

<PAGE>

given the size of our travel business and the growth in travel we anticipate, we
can't count on our ability to 'balance'  IAC by our own hand in the near future,
either through acquisition or internally.

So I'm  convinced,  and our Board is  convinced,  that  separating  IAC into two
companies is the right course...

EXPEDIA will be large and growing,  the world's  leading  online travel  company
with the  mission  of  becoming  the  largest  provider  of travel in the world.
Expedia will generate significant cash and have its own security, enabling it to
participate  with  full   flexibility  in  the  ongoing   evolution  and  likely
consolidation in the travel category.

The online  travel  business has grown and matured since we entered it, with the
concomitant  attraction of strong competitors ... horizontal,  vertical, and the
new word 'meta.' This of course brings a variety of challenges, along with great
opportunities,  as the matrix of relationships among suppliers,  intermediaries,
distributors  and  consumers  works itself out. It requires  complete  focus and
nimbleness  to maneuver in this  environment,  along with the  flexibility  that
comes from a pure  currency.  In the new  configuration,  Expedia  will have the
chance to grow every which way, according only to the demands of the marketplace
it serves, without any of the gating concerns that are inherent in being part of
IAC. Our travel business, with the leadership positions it has built in the U.S.
and  internationally,  is  in  an  incredibly  strong  position  to  meet  these
substantial challenges and  opportunities...and it will be best served unleashed
and empowered as a stand-alone entity.

IAC, post-transaction,  will be a diversified interactive commerce company, with
a mix of established and embryonic businesses, united by a spirit of opportunism
and  entrepreneurship.   IAC  will  be  excellently  capitalized  and  perfectly
positioned not only to grow its existing businesses,  but to identify and pursue
young   or   underappreciated   interactive   companies   with   strong   growth
potential...something our history shows is one of our real attributes.

We don't  believe  the  interactive  revolution  is over,  to say the least;  we
believe  big  opportunities  will  continue to be  available  to  companies  and
management  teams able to spot real  potential for growth and seize it, and that
playing with one hand tied behind our back as the next phase of internet  growth
and convergence unfolds would be intolerable.

This transaction really is a simplifying event. Expedia will become a very
straightforward company post-transaction, and I believe in that configuration
its size and dominance will be much more positively seen than currently. For
IAC, our complexity would be reduced and our clarity as a balanced and
diversified interactive commerce company will come through - until of course, we
again happily find a business whose growth and dominance in a category far
outweighs all else, and then the entity and our shareholders are best served for
it to be set free.

                                                                               2
<PAGE>
At both IAC and  Expedia,  the result of the split will be closer  alignment  of
employee  performance  and shareholder  returns,  which we believe will energize
both sets of employees.

And at both IAC and  Expedia,  I  couldn't  be more  enthusiastic  about the key
leaders and their talents.  Dara  Khosrowshahi is perfectly suited to be the CEO
of Expedia the public company;  and he has a superb  collection of managers,  as
IAC has a similar group of great talent.

At both companies  we'll continue to take every advantage from the collection of
businesses  under each roof - people  movement;  exchanging  best  practices and
lessons  learned;  cost savings from strategic  sourcing and other  initiatives;
sharing traffic and other beneficial inter-company arrangements. We've made real
progress here since the buy-in of our public subsidiaries one and one-half years
ago...and  over time I have no doubt  that we'd see more and more  benefit  from
cross-company activities. In finalizing the split, we'll preserve, as much as we
practically  can,  the  benefits  of  the  interrelationships  between  the  IAC
businesses  and the  Expedia  businesses.  We do intend  to put in place  strong
commercial  relationships  between IAC and  Expedia,  and yes,  some of the easy
benefits of  operating  as one  enterprise  will be given up, but we believe the
advantages of separation far outweigh all else.

Another  benefit  of  the  transaction  is  that  our  current  and  prospective
shareholders  will get enhanced  visibility into both companies.  I imagine that
some  hearing  today's  news may wonder  whether the split of the  companies  is
simply an elegant (or not so elegant)  casting away of our travel  businesses as
the competition in that sector increases.  I can tell you my answer directly: it
is not. And believing as strongly as I do in the prospects of both companies, my
equity holdings will be treated the same as that of our shareholders and will be
split  proportionately  between the two companies,  with each company ultimately
representing a very  substantial  portion of what I have worked long and hard to
accumulate.  Finally,  I intend to be a most  active  Chairman  at  Expedia,  in
addition to serving as both  Chairman  and CEO of  IAC...people  who would worry
about 'how my time is divided'  should  understand  that with my equity balanced
and given my current daily involvement in all of IAC's current businesses,  this
transaction  ought  to  provide  enhanced  focus  on each  entity - and I'm very
excited and energized by the opportunities in both.

With apologies to making any claim, one of the defining attributes of IAC, since
the  beginning,   has  been  a  refusal  to  be   constrained  by   conventional
wisdom...believing instead that a willingness to change - to 'turn on a dime' --
without  being  hostage  to the  past or any  other  consideration  where we see
opportunity, is a great way to create great value.

Separating  the Company  into two  businesses  will allow IAC to do what it does
best,  and  Expedia to pursue its pure  mission  as a travel  company.  It is, I
believe, exactly the right move at this moment in our history and evolution.

                                                                               3
<PAGE>
Often the most obvious  solutions are elusive,  and this one came upon us, first
as a  revelation  that  instinctively  seemed  just  right  - both  freeing  and
energizing,  followed by an intensive  examination  to find any flaw - and then,
after  finding  none,  a great  desire to get on with it.  Now,  having made the
announcement  in the ending days of 2004,  all my colleagues  will be organizing
themselves to start the new year with a fresh,  clear and  invigorating  mandate
for the future - as good a holiday present as we could hope to give to ourselves
and our shareholders.


                                                              Barry Diller














                                                                               4
<PAGE>
SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995
This press release contains  "forward-looking  statements" within the meaning of
the Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform Act of 1995.  These  forward-looking
statements   include   statements   relating  to  IAC's  anticipated   financial
performance, business prospects, and similar matters, and/or statements preceded
by,   followed  by  or  that   include  the  words   "expects,"   "anticipates,"
"contemplates,"    "intends,"   "plans,"   or   similar    expressions.    These
forward-looking  statements are based on management's  current  expectations and
assumptions, which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in
circumstances  that  are  difficult  to  predict.   Actual  results  may  differ
materially  from those  suggested  by the  forward-looking  statements  due to a
variety of factors, including the risks inherent in separating Expedia from IAC;
costs related to the proposed transaction;  changes in business,  political, and
economic conditions due to the threat of future terrorist activity or otherwise;
future regulatory and legislative actions and conditions affecting our operating
areas; actions and initiatives by current and potential competitors; the ability
to expand into and  successfully  operate in  international  markets,  and other
risks  described in IAC's filings with the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission
(the "SEC).  Other  unknown or  unpredictable  factors also could have  material
adverse  effects  on  IAC's  and  Expedia's   future  results,   performance  or
achievements.  In light of these risks, uncertainties,  assumptions and factors,
the  forward-looking  events  discussed in this press release may not occur. You
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these  forward-looking  statements,
which speak only as of the date stated,  or if no date is stated, as of the date
of this press release.

IAC is not under any obligation  and does not intend to make publicly  available
any update or other revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained
in this press release to reflect  circumstances  existing after the date of this
press  release or to reflect the  occurrence of future events even if experience
or future events make it clear that any expected results expressed or implied by
those forward-looking statements will not be realized.


ADDITIONAL  INFORMATION
In connection with the proposed spin-off it is currently  expected that IAC will
file a proxy statement/prospectus with the SEC. Stockholders of IAC are urged to
read the proxy statement/prospectus,  when it becomes available, because it will
contain important  information about IAC, the proposed spin-off  transaction and
related  matters.  Investors and security  holders can obtain free copies of the
proxy  statement/prospectus  when it becomes  available by  contacting  Investor
Relations,  IAC/InterActiveCorp,  Carnegie Hall Tower, 152 W. 57th Street,  42nd
Floor, New York, NY 10019  (Telephone:  (212) 314-7400).  Investors and security
holders can also obtain free copies of the proxy  statement/prospectus and other
documents  filed by IAC and Expedia with the SEC in connection with the proposed
spin-off transaction at the SEC's web site at WWW.SEC.GOV.

In addition to the proxy  statement,  IAC files  annual,  quarterly  and current
reports,  proxy  statements  and other  information  with the SEC, each of which
should be available at the

                                                                               5
<PAGE>
SEC's  web  site at  WWW.SEC.GOV.  You may  also  read  and  copy  any  reports,
statements and other  information  filed by IAC at the SEC public reference room
at 450 Fifth  Street,  N.W.,  Washington,  D.C.  20549.  Please  call the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330 for further information.

IAC and its directors,  executive officers and certain members of management and
other employees may be deemed to be participants in the  solicitation of proxies
of IAC's  stockholders  to  approve  the  proposed  spin-off  transaction.  Such
individuals may have interests in the transaction as described herein, including
as a result of current  holdings  of options or shares of IAC's stock and future
holdings of options or shares of Expedia's stock,  which will be impacted in the
transaction. Information regarding IAC and the equity interests of its directors
and officers who may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies
is contained in IAC's proxy statement, filed with the SEC on April 29, 2004.

As filed with the SEC December 21, 2004.







                                                                               6

