
                                                                    Exhibit 99.3

                                                    Filed by IAC/InterActiveCorp
                                                            Pursuant to Rule 425
                                                Under the Securities Act of 1933
                                                    Deemed filed and Rule 14a-12
                                       Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                                                     Commission File No. 0-20570

              EMPLOYEE Q&A: IAC PLAN TO SEPARATE INTO TWO COMPANIES

                                December 21, 2004

We announced today a plan to separate IAC/InterActiveCorp into two publicly
traded companies, one holding travel-related businesses, which will be named
Expedia, and the other holding IAC's remaining businesses, which will retain the
name IAC. References below to Expedia or IAC are to the companies after the
transaction.

     1. HOW WILL THE TRANSACTION AFFECT MY EMPLOYMENT?

     We expect you will  continue to be employed by the business  you  currently
     work for, subject to the same terms and conditions that exist today.

     2. WHAT HAPPENS TO MY EMPLOYEE EQUITY?

         o    We expect your restricted stock units ("RSUs") will become RSUs of
              IAC or Expedia depending on the business you work for. The number
              of RSUs you hold will be adjusted so that their value right after
              the transaction will be the same as their value right before the
              transaction, and they will have identical vesting terms and
              otherwise be consistent with the existing terms of your RSUs.

         o    We expect any vested and unvested employee stock options you hold
              will become options of either IAC or Expedia depending on the
              business you work for. As part of the transaction, there will be
              adjustments to the number of shares that may be acquired upon
              exercise of each option and to the exercise price so that the
              intrinsic value of the option right after the transaction will be
              the same as the value right before the transaction. Each adjusted
              option will have identical vesting terms, and otherwise be
              consistent with the terms of your existing stock option.

     3. WHAT HAPPENS TO THE EMPLOYEE WARRANTS HELD BY EXPEDIA EMPLOYEES?

     They  will be  treated  the  same as all  other  IAC  warrants.  The  exact
     mechanics  are  still  under  discussion,  but  we  expect  warrants  to be
     exercisable for shares of both IAC and Expedia pursuant to the terms of the
     security.

     4. WHAT HAPPENS TO MY PARTICIPATION IN THE IAC 401(K) PLAN AND MY ACCOUNT
        BALANCE?

     If you  participate in the IAC 401(k) plan, and your business  remains with
     IAC, your participation will continue. If you participate in the IAC 401(k)
     plan, and your business is

<PAGE>

     part of Expedia,  your IAC 401(k) plan account  balance and any outstanding
     loans will be  transferred  over into a new  Expedia  plan.  We'll keep you
     informed as the 401(k) plan transition progresses.

     5. WHAT HAPPENS TO MY BENEFITS?

     We do not expect any change to your benefits.  IAC employees will remain in
     the IAC plans and Expedia employees will transition to Expedia plans. We'll
     keep you informed as the health and welfare benefits transition progresses.



Information  presented  in this  document  is intended  to  communicate  certain
information  to  employees  of IAC and its  businesses  in  connection  with the
announced transaction whereby IAC will be split into two companies,  Expedia and
IAC.  Nothing in this  document  shall  confer  upon any  employee  any right to
continue in the employ of IAC or any of its  businesses  or interfere in any way
with the right of IAC or any such business to terminate the employees employment
at any time.


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
In connection with the proposed spin-off it is currently  expected that IAC will
file a proxy  statement/prospectus  with the Securities and Exchange  Commission
(the   "SEC").   Stockholders   of   IAC   are   urged   to   read   the   proxy
statement/prospectus,  when  it  becomes  available,  because  it  will  contain
important  information about IAC, the proposed spin-off  transaction and related
matters.  Investors  and  security  holders  can obtain free copies of the proxy
statement/prospectus when it becomes available by contacting Investor Relations,
IAC/InterActiveCorp,  Carnegie Hall Tower,  152 W. 57th Street,  42nd Floor, New
York, NY 10019 (Telephone:  (212) 314-7400).  Investors and security holders can
also obtain free copies of the proxy  statement/prospectus  and other  documents
filed by IAC and Expedia with the SEC in connection  with the proposed  spin-off
transaction at the SEC's web site at WWW.SEC.GOV.

In addition to the proxy  statement,  IAC files  annual,  quarterly  and current
reports,  proxy  statements  and other  information  with the SEC, each of which
should be available at the SEC's web site at WWW.SEC.GOV.  You may also read and
copy any  reports,  statements  and  other  information  filed by IAC at the SEC
public reference room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington,  D.C. 20549. Please
call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information.

IAC and its directors,  executive officers and certain members of management and
other employees may be deemed to be participants in the  solicitation of proxies
of IAC's  stockholders  to  approve  the  proposed  spin-off  transaction.  Such
individuals may have interests in the transaction as described herein, including
as a result of current  holdings  of options or shares of IAC's stock and future
holdings of options or shares of Expedia's stock,  which will be impacted in the
transaction. Information regarding IAC and the equity interests of its directors
and officers who may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies
is contained in IAC's proxy statement, filed with the SEC on April 29, 2004.



                                       2


