

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549




                                    FORM 8-K
                                 CURRENT REPORT


                     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934


       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 15, 2004


                             DONAR ENTERPRISES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                                     Nevada
                            (State of incorporation)


                000-49649                               23-3083371
        (Commission File Number)         (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)


            12890 Hilltop Road
              Argyle, Texas                               76226
(Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)


                                 (972) 233-0300
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

                 8649 Himes Ave., Unit 1513, Tampa Florida 33614
         (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check  the  appropriate  box  below  if the  Form  8-K  filing  is  intended  to
simultaneously  satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions.

[_]      Written  communications  pursuant to Rule 425 under the  Securities Act
         (17 CFR 230.425)

[_]      Soliciting  material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
         CFR 240.14a-12)

[_]      Pre-commencement  communications  pursuant to Rule  14d-2(b)  under the
         Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[_]      Pre-commencement  communications  pursuant to Rule  13e-4(c)  under the
         Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


<PAGE>

                   Section 3 - Securities and Trading Markets

Item 3.02 - Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities

         On December 15, 2004, Edwin A. McGusty, the President and Sole Director
of  the  Registrant,  sold  7,331,447  shares  of  restricted  common  stock  at
$0.0409196 per share, pursuant to a private stock purchase agreement,  to Halter
Financial Group,  Inc., an entity owned by Timothy P. Halter. As a result of the
purchase,  Halter Financial Group, Inc. is the controlling  shareholder,  owning
7,331,447  shares  of  the  9,289,647  issued  and  outstanding  shares  of  the
Registrant's common stock (the "Outstanding Shares"), or 78.9%. Halter Financial
Group,  Inc. used "working  capital" to purchase the stock. As used herein,  the
term  "working  capital"  includes  income from the business  operations  of the
entity plus sums borrowed from,  among other  sources,  banks and brokerage firm
margin  accounts,  to operate such business in general.  Before the execution of
the stock purchase agreement,  Edwin A. McGusty was the controlling  shareholder
of the Registrant's common stock.

         Immediately  subsequent  to and as a result of the closing of the stock
purchase  agreement,  Edwin A. McGusty  resigned as an officer of the Registrant
effective  December 15, 2004. Timothy P. Halter was appointed as a member of the
Board of  Directors,  and Mr.  Halter was  elected as Chief  Executive  Officer,
President,  Chief Financial Officer,  Chairman of the Board and Secretary of the
Registrant.

         On December 15, 2004,  the  Registrant  issued to Mr.  Halter  warrants
convertible into 1,000,000 shares of the Registrant's common stock at a price of
$0.06 per  share as  consideration  for Mr.  Halter's  agreement  to serve as an
officer and director of the Registrant. Mr. Halter may exercise the warrants, in
whole or in part,  at any time after the  issuance of the  warrants and prior to
the expiration of the warrants on December 15, 2007.  Mr.  Halter,  individually
and as sole shareholder of Halter Financial Group, Inc., may be deemed to be the
beneficial  owner of 8,331,447 shares of the  Registrant's  common stock,  which
constitutes  approximately  81.0% of the Outstanding  Shares and consists of (i)
7,331,447  shares  described above and (ii) warrants  convertible into 1,000,000
shares  of the  Registrant's  common  stock  beneficially  owned  by Mr.  Halter
separately.  The Registrant relied on Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
in issuing the  warrants to Mr.  Halter as the issuance did not involve a public
offering.

                 Section 5 - Corporate Governance and Management

Item 5.01 - Changes in Control of Registrant

         The contents of Item 3.02 above are incorporated by reference.

Item 5.02 - Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors;
Appointment of Principal Officers

         The contents of Item 3.02 above are incorporated by reference.

         During the past five years,  Mr.  Halter has been the sole  officer and
director of Halter  Financial  Group,  Inc., a financial  consulting  firm.  Mr.
Halter is the sole officer and director of the  following  reporting  companies:
Basic Empire Corporation and Medina Coffee, Inc.

         There are no family  relationships among the Registrant's  directors or
executive officers.




                                       2
<PAGE>

                  Section 9 - Financial Statements and Exhibits

Item 9.01 - Financial Statements and Exhibits

   Exhibit No.             Description

         99.1     Stock  Purchase  Agreement  dated  December  15,  2004  by and
                  between Edwin A. McGusty and Halter Financial Group, Inc.

         99.2     Warrant  Agreement  dated  December  15,  2004 issued by Donar
                  Enterprises, Inc. to Timothy P. Halter

                                   SIGNATURES


         Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,
the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


                                                     DONAR ENTERPRISES, INC.


                                                     By: /s/ Timothy P. Halter
                                                        ------------------------
                                                         Timothy P. Halter
                                                         Chief Executive Officer
Date:  December 20, 2004


<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 99.1


                            STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT


         THIS STOCK PURCHASE  AGREEMENT  (this  "Agreement") is made and entered
into as of the 15th day of  December,  2004,  by and  between  Halter  Financial
Group, Inc. ("Purchaser"), maintaining an address at 12890 Hilltop Road, Argyle,
Texas 76226,  and Edwin A. McGusty  ("Stockholder"),  maintaining  an address at
4509 Roundview Court, Land O' Lakes, FL 34639.

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS,  Stockholder  is the President and sole member of the Board of
Directors of Donar Enterprises, Inc. (the "Company") ; and

         WHEREAS, Stockholder desires to sell to Purchaser and Purchaser desires
to  purchase  from  Stockholder  a total of  7,331,447  restricted  shares  (the
"Shares")  of the common  capital  stock of the  Company,  par value  $0.001 per
share,  upon the terms,  provisions,  and conditions  and for the  consideration
hereinafter set forth;

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  for and in  consideration  of the premises and mutual
covenants  and  agreements   contained   herein  and  other  good  and  valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the
parties hereto do hereby represent, warrant, covenant, and agree as follows:

Section 1. Issuance and Sale of Shares.

         Based upon the representations,  warranties,  and covenants and subject
to  the  terms,   provisions,   and  conditions  contained  in  this  Agreement,
Stockholder  agrees to sell and deliver the Shares to Purchaser,  free and clear
of all liens, pledges, encumbrances, security interests, and adverse claims, and
Purchaser agrees to purchase the Shares from  Stockholder for the  consideration
hereinafter set forth.

Section 2. Purchase Price.

         The total purchase price to be paid to Stockholder by Purchaser for the
Shares is $300,000 (the "Purchase  Price"),  payable in cash by wire transfer of
immediately available funds or certified check.

Section 3. The Closing.

         Upon  execution of this Agreement (the  "Closing"),  Stockholder  shall
deliver to Purchaser a  certificate(s)  evidencing the Shares issued in the name
of Purchaser, and immediately upon delivery thereof,  Purchaser shall deliver to
Stockholder the Purchase Price.

Section 4. Representations and Warranties of Stockholder.

         In connection with the transactions  contemplated  hereby,  Stockholder
hereby  represents  and  warrants  to  Purchaser  that the  Shares  are the duly
authorized,  validly issued and outstanding  shares of the Company.  Stockholder

<PAGE>

has full legal right,  power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and to sell the Shares to Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement. Upon delivery of
the Shares to Purchaser in accordance with this  Agreement,  good and marketable
title  to the  Shares,  free  and  clear of all  liens,  pledges,  encumbrances,
security interests and adverse claims will be delivered to Purchaser.

         Stockholder  hereby  further  represents  and  warrants to Purchaser as
follows,  with each such  representation and warranty  pertaining to the Company
and its direct and indirect subsidiaries where applicable:

4.1. Organization, Standing and Power.

         The Company is duly  organized,  validly  existing and in good standing
under  the laws of the  jurisdiction  in which  it is  incorporated  and has the
requisite  corporate  power and  authority to carry on its business as now being
conducted.  The Company is duly  qualified  or licensed to do business and is in
good  standing in each  jurisdiction  in which the nature of its business or the
ownership or leasing of its  properties  makes such  qualification  or licensing
necessary, other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified
or licensed (individually or in the aggregate) would not have a Company Material
Adverse  Effect.  For purposes of this  Agreement,  the term  "Company  Material
Adverse  Effect" means any material  adverse effect with respect to the Company,
taken as a whole,  or any  change or effect  that  adversely,  or is  reasonably
expected to adversely, affect the ability of the Company to maintain its current
business  operations  or to consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  by this
Agreement in any material respect.

4.2. Capital Structure.

         The  authorized  capital stock of the Company  consists of  100,000,000
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Company Common Stock"),
and  20,000,000  shares of  preferred  stock,  par value  $0.001  per share (the
"Company Preferred Stock"). As of the date of this Agreement, there is 9,289,647
shares of Company Common Stock issued and  outstanding,  and there are no shares
of Company  Preferred Stock issued and outstanding.  No shares of Company Common
Stock or Company  Preferred  Stock are held by the Company in its treasury.  All
outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized and
validly  issued,  are fully  paid and  nonassessable,  and were not  subject  to
preemptive or similar rights at the time of issuance. No bonds debentures, notes
or other  indebtedness  of the Company having the right to vote (or  convertible
into, or exchangeable  for,  securities having the right to vote) on any matters
on which the  stockholders  of the Company  may vote are issued or  outstanding.
There  are no  outstanding  stock  appreciation  rights  or  similar  derivative
securities or rights of the Company.

4.3. Absence of Certain Changes or Events; No Undisclosed Material Liabilities.

         Except as  otherwise  set forth in the  Company's  periodic  reports as
filed  with  the  U.S.  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  pursuant  to  the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Company has
no Liabilities.  "Liability" means, as to any person, all debts, liabilities and
obligations,  direct,  indirect,  absolute or contingent of such person, whether



<PAGE>

accrued,  vested or  otherwise,  whether  known or  unknown  and  whether or not
actually reflected, or required in accordance with GAAP to be reflected, in such
person's balance sheet.

4.4. Compliance with Applicable Laws.

         The  Company  has  and  after   giving   effect  to  the   transactions
contemplated  hereby will have in effect all federal,  state,  local and foreign
governmental  approvals,  authorizations,   certificates,  filings,  franchises,
licenses, notices, permits and rights ("Permits") necessary for it to own, lease
or  operate  its  properties  and  assets  and to carry on its  business  as now
conducted,  and to the  knowledge of  Stockholder  there has occurred no default
under any such Permit, except (a) for the lack of Permits and for defaults under
Permits which individually or in the aggregate would not have a Company Material
Adverse Effect, or (b) notices to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission  and  state  securities  agencies  with  regard  to (i)  transactions
contemplated  herein,  (ii) the  issuance  to Timothy P.  Halter of the  Warrant
Agreement of even date herewith, or (iii) the resignation of Edwin McGusty as an
officer and director,  and the  appointment  of new officers and  directors.  To
Stockholder's knowledge, the Company is in compliance with, and has no liability
or obligation under, all applicable statutes,  laws,  ordinances,  rules, orders
and  regulations  of  any  Governmental  Entity,   including  any  liability  or
obligation to undertake any remedial  action under  hazardous  substances  laws,
except for (y) instances of  non-compliance,  liabilities or obligations,  which
individually  or in the aggregate would only have an immaterial  effect,  or (z)
notices to be filed with the U.S.  Securities and Exchange  Commission and state
securities  agencies with regard to (i) transactions  contemplated  herein, (ii)
the  issuance  to  Timothy  P.  Halter  of the  Warrant  Agreement  of even date
herewith,  or (iii) the resignation of Edwin McGusty as an officer and director,
and the appointment of new officers and directors.

4.5. Litigation, etc.

         As of  the  date  hereof,  (a)  there  is no  suit,  claim,  action  or
proceeding  (at law or in equity)  pending or, to the knowledge of  Stockholder,
threatened  against  the Company  (including,  without  limitation,  any product
liability  claims) before any court or governmental  or regulatory  authority or
body,  and (b) the  Company  is not  subject  to any  outstanding  order,  writ,
judgment,  injunction, order, decree or arbitration order that, in any such case
described  in clauses  (a) and (b),  (i) could  reasonably  be expected to have,
individually  or in the  aggregate,  a Company  Material  Adverse Effect or (ii)
involves an  allegation  of criminal  misconduct or a violation of the Racketeer
and Influenced Corrupt Practices Act, as amended.  As of the date hereof,  there
are no  suits,  actions,  claims or  proceedings  pending  or, to  Stockholder's
knowledge,  threatened,  seeking to prevent,  hinder,  modify or  challenge  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

4.6. Disclosure.

         The  representations  and  warranties  and  statements  of fact made by
Stockholder in this Agreement are, as applicable, accurate, correct and complete
and do not contain any untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material  fact  necessary  in  order  to make  the  statements  and  information
contained herein not false or misleading.



<PAGE>


4.7. Taxes and Tax Returns.

         All tax returns  ("Returns")  required to be filed to date with respect
to the operations of the Company have been  accurately  prepared in all material
respects and duly filed, or an extension  therefrom has been duly obtained,  and
all taxes  payable  have been paid when due;  there is no  examination  or audit
known to  Stockholder  or any  claim,  asserted  deficiency  or  assessment  for
additional taxes in progress,  pending,  or threatened,  nor to the knowledge of
Stockholder is there any  reasonable  basis for the assertion of any such claim,
deficiency or assessment; no material special charges,  penalties, fines, liens,
or similar  encumbrances  have been asserted against the Company with respect to
payment  of or failure  to pay any taxes  which  have not been paid or  resolved
without further liability to the Company.  The Company has not executed or filed
with any taxing authority any agreements  extending the period for assessment or
collection of any taxes.  Proper  amounts have been withheld by the Company from
its employees'  compensation payments for all periods in compliance with the tax
withholding  provisions of applicable federal and state laws. The Company is not
a party to any tax-sharing or tax-allocation agreement, nor does the Company owe
any amounts under any tax-sharing or tax-allocation agreement.

4.8. Employee Benefit Plans.

         The Company does not have in place any  arrangement or policy  (written
or oral) providing for insurance  coverage,  workers'  compensation,  disability
benefits,  supplemental  unemployment  benefits,  vacation benefits,  retirement
benefits or deferred compensation, profit sharing, bonuses, stock options, stock
appreciation rights, stock purchases or other forms of incentive compensation or
post-retirement  insurance,  compensation  or benefits  which is  maintained  or
administered  by the  Company,  or to which the Company  contributes,  and which
covers any employee or former employee of the Company or under which the Company
has any liability,  including "employee welfare benefit plan," "employee benefit
plan"  and  "employee  pension  benefit  plan" as  defined  under  the  Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, or ERISA.

         The  Company is not a party to any  collective  bargaining  agreements.
There are no strikes or labor  disputes or  lawsuits,  unfair  labor or unlawful
employment  practice charges,  contract grievances or similar charges or actions
pending or threatened by any of the  employees,  former  employees or employment
applicants of the Company that would have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

4.9. Certain Contracts.

         There are no written  employment  agreements or termination  agreements
with current officers,  directors or consultants of the Company and to which the
Company is a party.

         As of the date of this Agreement,  (i) the Company is not a party to or
bound by any commitment,  agreement or other instrument  (excluding  commitments
and  agreements in connection  with  extensions of credit by the Company)  which
contemplates  the payment of amounts in excess of $5,000,  or which otherwise is
material  to the  operations,  assets or  financial  condition  of the  Company,
including  but not limited to any royalty,  franchising  fees,  or any other fee

<PAGE>

based on a percentage of revenues or income and (ii) no commitment, agreement or
other  instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound limits
the  freedom  of the  Company to  compete  in any line of  business  or with any
person.

         As of the date of this Agreement,  the Company is not in default in any
material respect under any material lease, contract, mortgage,  promissory note,
deed of trust,  loan agreement,  license  agreement (as to royalty  payments) or
other commitment or arrangement.

4.10. Properties and Insurance.

         The Company owns no real property and maintains no insurance of any
kind.

4.11. Minute Books.

         To the Stockholder's knowledge, the minute book of the Company contains
records which, in all material respects, accurately record all meetings of their
stockholders  and  Board of  Directors  (including  committees  of the  Board of
Directors).

4.12. Environmental Matters.

         The  Company has not  received  any written  notice,  citation,  claim,
assessment,  proposed  assessment  or demand  for  abatement  alleging  that the
Company is responsible for the correction or cleanup of any condition  resulting
from the  violation  of any law,  ordinance  or  other  governmental  regulation
regarding  environmental  matters, which correction or cleanup would be material
to the  business,  operations,  assets or  financial  condition  of the Company.
Stockholder has no knowledge that any toxic or hazardous substances or materials
have been emitted,  generated,  disposed of or stored on any real property owned
or leased by the Company,  or owned or controlled by the Company as a trustee or
fiduciary  (collectively,  "Properties"),  in any manner that violates or, after
the lapse of time may violate, any presently existing federal,  regional,  state
or local law or  regulation  governing  or  pertaining  to such  substances  and
materials,  the violation of which would have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
Stockholder  has no knowledge that,  during the Company's  ownership or lease of
such  Properties,  any of such  Properties  has been operated in any manner that
violated any applicable national,  state or local law or regulation governing or
pertaining  to toxic or hazardous  substances  and  materials,  the violation of
which would have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

4.13. Loans, etc.

         As of the  date of  this  Agreement,  no  Company  stockholder  has any
liabilities,  obligations or indebtedness  of any kind whatsoever  chargeable to
the Company stockholder and payable to the Company by the Company stockholder.

4.14.    Intellectual Property.

(a)      Agreements.  Schedule 4.14(a) contains a complete and accurate list and
         summary  description,  including any royalties  paid or received by the
         Company, of each of the Company's arrangements relating to intellectual
         property  to which the  Company  is a party or by which the  Company is

<PAGE>

         bound,  except for any  license  implied  by the sale of a product  and
         perpetual,  paid-up licenses for commonly  available  software programs
         with a value  of less  than  $5,000  under  which  the  Company  is the
         licensee.   There  are  no   outstanding   and,  to  the  knowledge  of
         Stockholder,  no threatened  disputes or disagreements  with respect to
         any such arrangements.  To the knowledge of Stockholder, no party to an
         arrangement  relating  to the use by the  Company  of any  intellectual
         property  owned by another  person is or has at any time been in breach
         of such  arrangements.  The Company has not granted or is not obligated
         to grant a  license,  assignment  or other  right  with  respect to any
         intellectual property.

(b)      URLs. The Company is the owner of all right, title, and interest in and
         to each Uniform  Resource  Locater ("URL") listed on Schedule  4.14(b),
         free and clear of all liens, security interests, encumbrances, equities
         and other adverse claims.

4.15. Bankruptcy.

         The Company has neither filed a voluntary  bankruptcy petition nor been
the subject of an involuntary bankruptcy petition nor is the Company the subject
of an action under state insolvency laws or any other relevant laws.

4.16. Criminal Proceedings.

         Neither the Company and its respective officers, directors, affiliates,
promoters  nor any  predecessor  of the Company have been subject to or suffered
any of the following:

         o        Any conviction in a criminal  proceeding or being subject to a
                  pending criminal proceeding  (excluding traffic violations and
                  other  misdemeanor  offenses)  within  ten (10) years from the
                  date hereof;

         o        Any order,  judgment  or decree,  not  subsequently  reversed,
                  suspended or vacated, of any court of competent  jurisdiction,
                  permanently or temporarily enjoining,  barring,  suspending or
                  otherwise  limiting such person's  involvement  in any type of
                  business, securities or banking activities; or

         o        Being found guilty by a court of competent  jurisdiction (in a
                  civil action),  the Securities and Exchange  Commission or the
                  Commodity  Futures  Trading  Commission  to  have  violated  a
                  federal  or  state  securities  or  commodities  law,  and the
                  judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated.

Section 5. Representations and Warranties of Purchaser.

         Purchaser  acknowledges  and  understands  that the  Shares  are  being
acquired for  investment in a  transaction  that is considered to be exempt from
registration. In connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, Purchaser
hereby represents and warrants to Stockholder that:

a)       Purchaser is acquiring  the Shares solely for  investment  purposes and
         not with a view to, or for resale in connection  with, any distribution
         thereof or with any present intention of distributing or selling any of

<PAGE>

         the  Shares,  except  as  allowed  by the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as
         amended,   or  any   rules  or   regulations   promulgated   thereunder
         (collectively, the "Act").

b)       Purchaser  will  hold  the  Shares  subject  to all  of the  applicable
         provisions  of the Act,  and  Purchaser  will not at any time  make any
         sale, transfer,  or other disposition of the Shares in contravention of
         said Act.

c)       Purchaser  acknowledges  that it must  bear  the  economic  risk of its
         investment  in the  Shares for an  indefinite  period of time since the
         Shares have not been registered  under the Act and therefore  cannot be
         sold unless the Shares are subsequently registered or an exemption from
         registration is available.

d)       The sale of the Shares to  Purchaser  is being made  without any public
         solicitation or advertisements.

e)       Criminal Proceedings.

         Neither  the  Purchaser  and  its   respective   officers,   directors,
affiliates,  promoters nor any predecessor of the Purchaser have been subject to
or suffered any of the following:

         o        Any conviction in a criminal  proceeding or being subject to a
                  pending criminal proceeding  (excluding traffic violations and
                  other  misdemeanor  offenses)  within  ten (10) years from the
                  date hereof;

         o        Any order,  judgment  or decree,  not  subsequently  reversed,
                  suspended or vacated, of any court of competent  jurisdiction,
                  permanently or temporarily enjoining,  barring,  suspending or
                  otherwise  limiting such person's  involvement  in any type of
                  business, securities or banking activities; or

         o        Being found guilty by a court of competent  jurisdiction (in a
                  civil action),  the Securities and Exchange  Commission or the
                  Commodity  Futures  Trading  Commission  to  have  violated  a
                  federal  or  state  securities  or  commodities  law,  and the
                  judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated.

Section 6. Conditions to the Obligations of Purchaser.

         The   obligations  of  Purchaser  at  Closing  are   conditioned   upon
satisfaction, on or prior to such date, of the following conditions:

6.1. Stockholder List.

         Stockholder shall request that the transfer agent deliver to Purchaser
a certified shareholder list current as of the Closing.

<PAGE>


6.2. Stock Certificates.

         Stockholder   shall  have   delivered   to   Purchaser   certificate(s)
representing the number of Shares to be purchased by Purchaser  pursuant to this
Agreement.  Said shares shall either be in the name of Purchaser or  accompanied
with medallion guaranteed stock powers.

6.3. Judgment Lien.

         Stockholder  shall have  delivered to Purchaser a signed letter stating
that Wachovia  Bank,  National  Association,  holder of a certain  judgment lien
against  Stockholder,  has accepted  final payment of all amounts owed to him by
Stockholder pursuant to such lien.

Section 7. Indemnification.

         Stockholder  acknowledges  that he  understands  the  meaning and legal
consequences  of his  representations,  warranties  and  covenants  and that the
Purchaser has relied upon such representations,  warranties,  and covenants, and
he hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and his agents and
employees  for a period  of one year  from the date of this  Agreement  from and
against any and all loss,  damage or liability due to or arising out of a breach
of any such  representation,  warranty,  or covenant or any adverse  consequence
suffered by Purchaser as a result of the  operation of the Company by Purchaser.
The total amount of indemnification for which the Stockholder may be held liable
under this Section 7 (including claims arising from a breach of a representation
or warranty) shall not exceed the Purchase Price.

Section 8. Stock Split.

         Purchaser shall ensure that the Company will not effect a reverse split
of  Company  Common  Stock in  excess  of 1 for 10 in the  aggregate  so long as
Purchaser  or any of  its  affiliates  is  the  controlling  stockholder  of the
Company.

Section 9. Put Option.

a)       Subject to the provisions of subparagraphs  (b) and (c) of this Section
         9, Purchaser  hereby grants to Stockholder the right and option to sell
         to Purchaser up to 1,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the
         "Put Shares") at a price of $0.20 per share (the "Put Option").

b)       The Put Option may be exercised,  in full or in part, at any time after
         the date that is one hundred  eighty (180) days after the Closing,  and
         before  the date that the  Stockholder  receives  written  notice  (the
         "Expiration  Notice") from the Purchaser that the Company has meet each
         of the following  minimum  financial  requirements:  (a) either (i) the
         Stockholders  equity exceeds $5 million, or (ii) market value of listed
         securities exceeds $50 million,  or (iii) net income from latest fiscal
         year exceeds $750,000, (b) market value of publicly held shares exceeds
         $5  million,  and  (c) the  minimum  bid  price  exceeds  $4.00  for 90
         consecutive trading days (the "Expiration Date"). Any Expiration Notice
         provided by the Purchaser shall include supporting financial statements
         evidencing the same.

<PAGE>


c)       If the Company at anytime after the Closing  subdivides or combines (by
         any stock split,  stock dividend,  recapitulation  or otherwise) one or
         more classes of its  outstanding  shares of Common Stock into a greater
         or smaller number of shares,  as  applicable,  the number of shares and
         the price per share of Common Stock  issuable  upon exercise of the Put
         Option shall be adjusted accordingly.

d)       If the Stockholder exercises the Put Option for less than 1,000,000
         shares, then the Stockholder shall have a Put Option, on the same terms
         and conditions set forth in this Section 9, for the remaining
         unexercised Put Shares.

e)       The Put Option may be exercised by written  notice given by Stockholder
         to  Purchaser.  If the Put Option is not  exercised  by the  Expiration
         Date, then the Put Option will  terminate,  and be null, void and of no
         further effect immediately following the Expiration Date.

f)       The Purchaser shall be required to close the purchase of the Put Shares
         subject  to  a  timely  furnished  notice  of  exercise,  and  pay  the
         Shareholder the purchase price, in cash,  within twenty (20) days after
         Purchaser's receipt of the notice of exercise.

Section 10. Survival of Representations and Warranties.

         All representations,  warranties,  covenants,  and agreements contained
herein shall not be discharged or dissolved  upon, but shall survive the Closing
and shall be unaffected by any investigation made by any party at any time.

Section 11. Entirety and Modification.

         This Agreement  constitutes  the entire  agreement  between the parties
hereto with  respect to the subject  matter  hereof and  supersedes  any and all
prior  agreements  and  understandings,  whether  oral or  written,  between the
parties hereto relating to such subject  matter.  No  modification,  alteration,
amendment,  or supplement to this Agreement  shall be valid or effective  unless
the same is in writing and signed by all parties hereto.

Section 12. Successors and Assigns.

         This  Agreement  shall be binding  upon and inure to the benefit of the
respective parties hereto,  their successors and permitted  assigns,  heirs, and
personal representatives.

Section 13. Notices.

         All notices or other  communications  required or permitted to be given
pursuant  to this  Agreement  shall be in  writing  and shall be  considered  as
properly given or made if hand  delivered,  mailed from within the United States
by certified  mail,  or sent by  overnight  delivery  service to the  applicable
address appearing in the preamble to this Agreement, or to such other address as
either  party may have  designated  by like notice  forwarded to the other party
hereto.  All notices  shall be deemed given when  postmarked  (if mailed),  when
delivered to an overnight delivery service or, if hand delivered, when delivered
to the recipient.

<PAGE>


Section 14. Severability.

         Every  provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable.  If any
term or  provision  hereof is illegal or invalid for any reason  whatever,  such
illegality or invalidity  shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this
Agreement.

Section 15. Headings.

         The  headings  of this  Agreement  are  inserted  for  convenience  and
identification only, and are in no way intended to describe,  interpret,  define
or limit the scope, extent or intent hereof.

Section 16. Counterparts.

         This Agreement may be executed in any number of  counterparts,  each of
which shall be deemed an original,  but all of which together  shall  constitute
one and the same instrument.

Section 17. Legal Fees and Costs.

         If a legal action is initiated by any party to this  Agreement  against
another,   arising  out  of  or  relating   to  the   alleged   performance   or
non-performance of any right or obligation established hereunder, or any dispute
concerning the same, any and all fees, costs and expenses reasonably incurred by
each  successful  party  or his,  her or its  legal  counsel  in  investigating,
preparing for, prosecuting,  defending against, or providing evidence, producing
documents  or taking any other  action in respect of,  such action  shall be the
joint  and  several  obligation  of and  shall  be  paid  or  reimbursed  by the
unsuccessful party(ies).

Section 18. Publicity.

         Except as otherwise  required by law, none of the parties  hereto shall
issue  any  press  release  or make any  other  public  statement,  in each case
relating  to,  connected  with or arising out of this  Agreement  or the matters
contained  herein,  without  obtaining  the prior  approval  of the other to the
contents and the manner of presentation and publication thereof.

Section 19. Governing Law.

         This  Agreement  shall be governed  by and  construed  and  enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.



<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this
agreement as of the date first written above.

PURCHASER:                                  HALTER FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.


                                            By:/s/Timothy P. Halter
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Name: Timothy P. Halter
                                            Title: President

STOCKHOLDER:


                                            By:/s/Edwin A. McGusty
                                               ---------------------------------
                                            Edwin A. McGusty




<PAGE>


EXHIBIT 99.2


                                WARRANT AGREEMENT

THE SECURITIES  REPRESENTED BY THIS WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN  REGISTERED  UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,  OR APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS. THE
SECURITIES  HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR  INVESTMENT  AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE,
SOLD,  TRANSFERRED  OR  ASSIGNED  IN THE  ABSENCE OF AN  EFFECTIVE  REGISTRATION
STATEMENT FOR THE  SECURITIES  UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
"1933 ACT"), OR APPLICABLE  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN
FORM,  REASONABLY  ACCEPTABLE  TO THE ISSUER THAT  REGISTRATION  IS NOT REQUIRED
UNDER THE 1933 ACT OR UNLESS SOLD  PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT. ANY SUCH
OFFER,  SALE,  ASSIGNMENT OR TRANSFER MUST ALSO COMPLY WITH THE APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS.


                             DONAR ENTERPRISES, INC.

               WARRANT FOR THE PURCHASE OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

Date of Issuance:      December 15, 2004       Number of Shares:       1,000,000

         Donar Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), hereby
certifies  that,  for Ten  United  States  Dollars  ($10.00)  and other good and
valuable  consideration,  the  receipt  and  sufficiency  of  which  are  hereby
acknowledged,  Timothy P. Halter,  the registered holder hereof or his permitted
assigns, is entitled, subject to the terms set forth below, to purchase from the
Company  upon  surrender of this  Warrant,  at any time or times on or after the
date of issuance,  but not after 5:00 P.M.  Central Time on the Expiration  Date
(as defined herein)  1,000,000 fully paid  nonassessable  shares of Common Stock
(as defined herein) of the Company (the "Warrant  Shares") at the purchase price
per share provided in Section 1 below.

         Section 1.  Definitions.  The following words and terms as used in this
Warrant shall have the following meanings:

         (a)  "Business  Day" means any day that is not a Saturday,  Sunday or a
day on which the banks in the Dallas metropolitan area are generally closed.

         (b) "Common  Stock" means (i) the  Company's  common  stock,  par value
$0.001 per share,  and (ii) any capital stock into which such Common Stock shall
have been changed or any capital stock resulting from a reclassification of such
Common Stock.

         (c)  "Expiration  Date" means the date three (3) years from the date of
this Warrant or, if such date falls on a Saturday,  Sunday or other day on which
banks are required or authorized to be closed in the City of Dallas or the State
of Texas or on which  trading does not take place on the  principal  exchange or
automated  quotation  system on which the Common Stock is traded (a  "Holiday"),
the next date that is not a Holiday.

<PAGE>


         (d)  "Person"  means an  individual,  a limited  liability  company,  a
partnership,  a  joint  venture,  a  corporation,  a  trust,  an  unincorporated
organization and a government or any department or agency thereof.

         (e) "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

         (f) "Warrant"  means this Warrant and all Warrants  issued in exchange,
transfer or replacement of any thereof.

         (g) "Warrant  Exercise Price" shall be $0.06 per share of Common Stock,
which price is the current fair market value of shares of Common Stock.

         Section 2. Exercise of Warrant.

         (a) Subject to the terms and  conditions  hereof,  this  Warrant may be
exercised by the holder hereof then  registered on the books of the Company,  in
whole  or in  part,  at any time on any  Business  Day on or  after  the date of
issuance of this Warrant and prior to 5:00 P.M.  Eastern Time on the  Expiration
Date by (i) delivery of a written notice, in the form of the subscription notice
attached as Exhibit A hereto (the "Exercise Notice"),  of such holder's election
to exercise  this  Warrant,  which  notice  shall  specify the number of Warrant
Shares to be  purchased,  (ii)  payment to the Company of an amount equal to the
Warrant  Exercise  Price  multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which
this Warrant is being  exercised  (plus any applicable  issue or transfer taxes)
(the "Aggregate Exercise Price") in cash or by check or wire transfer, and (iii)
the  surrender  to a common  carrier  for  delivery  to the  Company  as soon as
practicable following such date, this Warrant (or an indemnification undertaking
with  respect to this  Warrant in the case of its loss,  theft or  destruction);
provided,  that if such  Warrant  Shares are to be issued in any name other than
that of the registered  holder of this Warrant,  such issuance shall be deemed a
transfer and the  provisions of Section 8 shall be  applicable.  In the event of
any exercise of the rights  represented by this Warrant in compliance  with this
Section 2(a), a certificate or certificates for the Warrant Shares so purchased,
in such denominations as may be requested by the holder hereof and registered in
the name of, or as directed by, the holder,  shall be delivered at the Company's
expense to, or as directed  by,  such holder as soon as  practicable,  and in no
event later than ten (10)  Business  Days,  after the  Company's  receipt of the
Exercise  Notice,   the  Aggregate  Exercise  Price  and  this  Warrant  (or  an
indemnification  undertaking  with  respect  to this  Warrant in the case of its
loss, theft or destruction).  Upon delivery of the Exercise Notice and Aggregate
Exercise  Price  referred to in clause (ii)  above,  the holder of this  Warrant
shall be deemed for all  corporate  purposes to have become the holder of record
of the Warrant  Shares with  respect to which this  Warrant has been  exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of this Warrant as required by clause (iii)
above or the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares.

         (b) Unless the rights represented by this Warrant shall have expired or
shall have been fully  exercised,  the Company shall, as soon as practicable and
in no event later than ten (10)  Business Days after any exercise and at its own
expense, issue a new Warrant identical in all respects to this Warrant exercised
except it shall  represent  rights to  purchase  the  number of  Warrant  Shares
purchasable  immediately  prior to such exercise  under this Warrant  exercised,
less the  number of  Warrant  Shares  with  respect  to which  such  Warrant  is
exercised.

<PAGE>


         (c) No  fractional  shares  of Common  Stock are to be issued  upon the
exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number of shares of Common Stock issued
upon  exercise of this Warrant  shall be rounded up or down to the nearest whole
number.

         Section 3. Covenants as to Common Stock.  The Company hereby  covenants
and agrees as follows:


         (a) This  Warrant is, and any  Warrant  issued in  substitution  for or
replacement  of this Warrant will upon issuance be, duly  authorized and validly
issued.

         (b) All Warrant  Shares  which may be issued  upon the  exercise of the
rights represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance, be validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable  and free from all taxes,  liens and charges with respect
to the issue thereof.

         (c) During  the period  within  which the  rights  represented  by this
Warrant may be  exercised,  the Company  will at all times have  authorized  and
reserved at least 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock needed to provide
for the  exercise of the rights  then  represented  by this  Warrant and the par
value of said shares  will at all times be less than or equal to the  applicable
Warrant Exercise Price.

         (d) If the Company  proposes at any time (a) to declare any dividend or
distribution upon any of its stock, whether in cash,  property,  stock, or other
securities  and whether or not a regular  cash  dividend;  (b) to offer for sale
additional  shares of any class or series of the Company's  stock; (c) to effect
any  reclassification  or  recapitalization of any of its stock; (d) to merge or
consolidate with or into any other  corporation,  or sell,  lease,  license,  or
convey all or substantially all of its assets, or to liquidate, dissolve or wind
up; or (e) offer holders of  registration  rights the opportunity to participate
in an underwritten  public offering of the company's  securities for cash, then,
in connection with each such event, the Company shall give Holder:  (1) at least
10 days  prior  written  notice of the date on which a record  will be taken for
such dividend,  distribution, or subscription rights (and specifying the date on
which the holders of common stock will be entitled  thereto) or for  determining
rights to vote,  if any,  in respect of the  matters  referred to in (c) and (d)
above;  (2) in the case of the matters referred to in (c) and (d) above at least
10 days  prior  written  notice of the date when the same will take  place  (and
specifying  the date on which the  holders of common  stock will be  entitled to
exchange their common stock for securities or other  property  deliverable  upon
the occurrence of such event);  and (3) in the case of the matter referred to in
(e)  above,  the same  notice as is given to the  holders  of such  registration
rights.

         Section 4. Registration of Warrant Shares.

         (a) Mandatory Registration.  The Company shall prepare, and, as soon as
practicable  but in no event later than sixty (60)  calendar days after the date
the holder exercises this Warrant, file with the SEC a Registration Statement or
Registration  Statements  (as is  necessary)  on Form  S-8  (or if such  form is
unavailable,  such other form as is  available  for  registration)  covering the
resale of all of the Warrant Shares. The initial Registration Statement prepared
pursuant hereto shall register for resale at least that number of Company common
stock shares  equal to the number of Warrant  Shares that have been issued as of
the date immediately preceding the date the Registration  Statement is initially
filed  with the SEC,  subject  to  adjustment.  The  Company  shall use its best
efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon
as practicable,  but in no event later than 120 calendar days after the date the
holder exercises this Warrant.

         (b) Piggy Back Registration  Rights. If the Company decides,  including
as required under any demand registration  rights agreement,  to register any of
its common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for common stock
under the Securities Act on a form which is suitable for an offering for cash or
shares of the  Company  held by third  parties  and which is not a  registration
solely to implement an employee  benefit plan, a registration  statement on Form
S-4 (or successor  form) or a transaction to which Rule 145 or any other similar

<PAGE>

rule of the SEC is applicable,  the Company will promptly give written notice to
the  holder of this  Warrant of its  intention  to effect  such a  registration.
Subject to Section  4(c)  below,  the Company  shall  include all of the Warrant
Shares  that the holder  requests to be  included  in such a  registration  by a
written  notice  delivered  to the Company  within  fifteen  (15) days after the
notice given by the Company.

         (c) If the registration,  as described in Section 4(b) above,  involves
an underwritten  offering,  the Company will not be required to register Warrant
Shares in excess of the amount that the principal underwriter  reasonably and in
good faith  recommends  may be included in such  offering (a  "Cutback"),  which
recommendation,  and supporting  reasoning,  shall be delivered to the holder of
this Warrant.  If such a Cutback occurs,  the number of shares that are entitled
to be included in the registration  and  underwriting  shall be allocated in the
following  manner:  (i) first,  to the Company for any securities it proposes to
sell for its own account,  (ii) second,  to the holder of this Warrant requiring
such  registration,  and (iii) third,  to other  holders of stock of the Company
requesting inclusion in the registration,  pro rata among the respective holders
thereof  on the basis of the  number of shares  for which  each such  requesting
holder has requested registration.

         Section 5. Taxes.  The Company  shall pay any and all taxes (other than
income or similar  taxes)  which may be payable with respect to the issuance and
delivery of Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant.

         Section 6. Warrant Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder. Except as otherwise
specifically  provided  herein,  no holder,  as such,  of this Warrant  shall be
entitled to vote or receive  dividends  or be deemed the holder of shares of the
Company  for any  purpose,  nor shall  anything  contained  in this  Warrant  be
construed  to confer  upon the holder  hereof,  as such,  any of the rights of a
stockholder of the Company or any right to vote, give or withhold consent to any
corporate action (whether any reorganization,  issue of stock,  reclassification
of stock,  consolidation,  merger,  conveyance or otherwise),  receive notice of
meetings,  receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise,  prior to the
issuance to the holder of this Warrant of the Warrant  Shares which he or she is
then  entitled to receive  upon the due exercise of this  Warrant.  In addition,
nothing contained in this Warrant shall be construed as imposing any liabilities
on such holder to purchase  any  securities  (upon  exercise of this  Warrant or
otherwise)  or as a stockholder  of the Company,  whether such  liabilities  are
asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

         Section 7.  Representations of Holder.  The holder of this Warrant,  by
the  acceptance  hereof,  represents  that it is acquiring  this Warrant and the
Warrant  Shares  for its own  account  for  investment  only and not with a view
towards,  or for resale in connection  with, the public sale or  distribution of
this  Warrant or the Warrant  Shares,  except  pursuant to sales  registered  or

<PAGE>

exempted  under the  Securities  Act;  provided,  however,  that by  making  the
representations herein, the holder does not agree to hold this Warrant or any of
the Warrant Shares for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right
to dispose of this Warrant and the Warrant Shares at any time in accordance with
or pursuant to a  registration  statement or an exemption  under the  Securities
Act.

         Section 8. Ownership and Transfer.

         (a) The Company shall maintain at its principal  executive  offices (or
such other office or agency of the Company as it may  designate by notice to the
holder hereof),  a register for this Warrant,  in which the Company shall record
the name and address of the Person in whose name this  Warrant has been  issued,
as well as the name and  address of each  transferee.  The Company may treat the
Person in whose name any Warrant is  registered on the register as the owner and
holder thereof for all purposes, notwithstanding any notice to the contrary, but
in all events  recognizing  any transfers  made in accordance  with the terms of
this Warrant.

         (b) This  Warrant  and the  rights  granted  to the  holder  hereof are
transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant, together with
a properly  executed  warrant  power in the form of  Exhibit B attached  hereto;
provided,  however,  that any  transfer  or  assignment  shall be subject to the
conditions set forth in Section 8(c) below.

         (c) The holder of this  Warrant  understands  that this Warrant has not
been and is not expected to be, registered under the Securities Act or any state
securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold,  assigned or transferred
unless (a)  subsequently  registered  thereunder,  or (b) such holder shall have
delivered to the Company an opinion of counsel, in generally acceptable form, to
the effect that the securities to be sold,  assigned or transferred may be sold,
assigned  or  transferred  pursuant  to an  exemption  from  such  registration;
provided  that  (i) any sale of such  securities  made in  reliance  on Rule 144
promulgated  under the  Securities  Act may be made only in accordance  with the
terms of said Rule and further,  if said Rule is not  applicable,  any resale of
such securities  under  circumstances in which the seller (or the person through
whom the sale is made)  may be  deemed  to be an  underwriter  (as that  term is
defined in the Securities Act) may require  compliance with some other exemption
under the  Securities  Act or the rules and  regulations  of the  Securities and
Exchange  Commission  thereunder;  and (ii)  neither  the  Company nor any other
person is under any obligation to register the Warrants under the Securities Act
or any state  securities  laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any
exemption thereunder.

         Section 9. Adjustment to the Shares. The Warrant Exercise Price and the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be
adjusted from time to time as follows:

         (a)  Adjustment  of  Warrant   Exercise   Price  upon   Subdivision  or
Combination  of  Common  Stock.  If the  Company  at  anytime  after the date of
issuance  of this  Warrant  subdivides  (by any  stock  split,  stock  dividend,
recapitulation  or otherwise) one or more classes of its  outstanding  shares of
Common  Stock into a greater  number of shares,  the Warrant  Exercise  Price in
effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and
the  number of  shares of Common  Stock  obtainable  upon the  exercise  of this
Warrant will be proportionately  increased. If the Company at any time after the

<PAGE>

date of issuance of this Warrant combines (by  combination,  reverse stock split
or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a smaller number of shares,  the Warrant  Exercise  Price in effect  immediately
prior to such  combination will be  proportionately  increased and the number of
shares  of  Common  Stock  obtainable  upon  exercise  of this  Warrant  will be
proportionately decreased.

         (b) Reclassification,  Exchange, Combinations or Substitution. Upon any
reclassification,  exchange,  substitution,  or other  event  that  results in a
change of the number  and/or class of the  securities  issuable upon exercise or
conversion  of this  Warrant,  the holder of this  Warrant  shall be entitled to
receive,  upon exercise or  conversion  of this Warrant,  the number and kind of
securities  and property that the holder of this Warrant would have received for
the shares of Common Stock if this Warrant had been exercised immediately before
such reclassification,  exchange,  substitution,  or other event. The Company or
its successor  shall  promptly issue to holder of this Warrant a new Warrant for
such new  securities  or other  property.  The new  Warrant  shall  provide  for
adjustments  which shall be as nearly  equivalent as may be  practicable  to the
adjustments  provided  for in this  Section  9  including,  without  limitation,
adjustments  to the Warrant  Exercise  Price and to the number of  securities or
property  issuable  upon  exercise of the new Warrant.  The  provisions  of this
Section 9(b) shall similarly apply to successive  reclassifications,  exchanges,
substitutions, or other events.

         (c) Adjustments for Diluting Issuances.  The Warrant Exercise Price and
the number of shares of Common  Stock  issuable  upon  exercise of this  Warrant
shall be subject to adjustment, from time to time in the manner set forth in the
Company's  Articles or Certificate of  Incorporation  as if the shares of Common
Stock were  issued and  outstanding  on and as of the date of any such  required
adjustment.  The  provisions  set  forth for the  shares of Common  Stock in the
Company's  Articles or Certificate (as applicable) of Incorporation  relating to
the above in effect as of the date of issuance  may not be amended,  modified or
waived,  without the prior written  consent of the holder of this Warrant unless
such amendment,  modification  or waiver affects the rights  associated with the
Warrant  Shares in the same  manner as such  amendment,  modification  or waiver
affects the rights associated with all other shares of the same series and class
as the shares granted to the holder.

         (d) No Impairment.  The Company shall not, by amendment of its Articles
or Certificate (as  applicable) of  Incorporation  or through a  reorganization,
transfer  of  assets,  consolidation,  merger,  dissolution,  issue,  or sale of
securities or any other voluntary action,  avoid or seek to avoid the observance
or  performance  of any of the terms to be  observed  or  performed  under  this
Warrant by the Company,  but shall at all times in good faith assist in carrying
out of all the provisions of this Section 9 and in taking all such action as may
be  necessary  or  appropriate  to protect  Holder's  rights  under this Section
against impairment.

         (e) Certificate as to Adjustments.  Upon each adjustment of the Warrant
Exercise Price, the Company shall promptly notify the holder in writing, and, at
the Company's  expense,  promptly  compute such  adjustment,  and furnish to the
holder with a  certificate  of its Chief  Financial  Officer  setting forth such
adjustment and the facts upon which such adjustment is based. The Company shall,
upon written  request,  furnish to the holder a  certificate  setting  forth the
Warrant  Exercise  Price in  effect  upon the date  thereof  and the  series  of
adjustments leading to such Warrant Exercise Price.

<PAGE>


         Section 10.  Lost,  Stolen,  Mutilated or  Destroyed  Warrant.  If this
Warrant is lost, stolen,  mutilated or destroyed,  the Company shall, on receipt
of an indemnification undertaking,  issue a new Warrant of like denomination and
tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed.

         Section  11.   Notice.   Any  notices,   consents,   waivers  or  other
communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Warrant
must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered:  (i) upon receipt,
when delivered  personally;  (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile (provided
confirmation of transmission  is  mechanically or  electronically  generated and
kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one Business Day after deposit with
a  nationally  recognized  overnight  delivery  service,  in each case  properly
addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile  numbers
for such communications shall be:

                  If to the Company:

                           Donar Enterprises, Inc.
                           8649 Himes Avenue, Unit 1513
                           Tampa, Florida  33614
                           Telephone: ______________
                           Facsimile: ______________
                           Attention: ______________

                           Notice  to  the  holder  of  this  Warrant  shall  be
                           addressed  as  follows  until  the  Company  receives
                           notice of a change in address:

                           Timothy P. Halter
                           12890 Hilltop Road
                           Argyle, Texas  76226
                           Telephone:_____________
                           Facsimile:_____________
                           Attention:_____________

Each party shall provide five days' prior  written  notice to the other party of
any change in address or facsimile number.  Written  confirmation of receipt (A)
given by the recipient of such notice,  consent,  waiver or other communication,
(B) mechanically or electronically  generated by the sender's  facsimile machine
containing the time, date,  recipient facsimile number and an image of the first
page of such transmission or (C) provided by a nationally  recognized  overnight
delivery service shall be rebuttable  evidence of personal  service,  receipt by
facsimile or receipt from a nationally  recognized overnight delivery service in
accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

         Section 12. Date.  The date of this Warrant is December 15, 2004.  This
Warrant, in all events, shall be wholly void and of no effect after the close of
business on the Expiration Date.

         Section 13. Amendment and Waiver.  Except as otherwise provided herein,
the  provisions  of this  Warrant  may be amended  and the  Company may take any
action  herein  prohibited,  or omit to perform  any act herein  required  to be
performed  by it, only if the Company has  obtained  the written  consent of the

<PAGE>

holder of this Warrant. No modification, alteration, amendment, or supplement to
this Agreement  shall be valid or effective  against the Company unless the same
is in writing and signed by the Company.

         Section  14.  Descriptive  Headings.  The  descriptive  headings of the
several  Sections and  paragraphs  of this Warrant are inserted for  convenience
only and do not constitute a part of this Warrant.

         Section  15.  Governing  Law.  This  Warrant  shall be  governed by and
construed  and  enforced  in  accordance  with the laws of the  State of  Texas,
without  giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule
(whether of the State of Texas or any other  jurisdictions) that would cause the
application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Texas.

         This Warrant has been duly executed by the Company as of the date first
set forth above.

                                                     DONAR ENTERPRISES, INC.



                                                     By:  /s/ Timothy P. Halter
                                                     --------------------------
                                                          Timothy P. Halter
                                                          President


<PAGE>



                              EXHIBIT A TO WARRANT

                                SUBSCRIPTION FORM

        TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS WARRANT

                             DONAR ENTERPRISES, INC.

         The  undersigned   holder  hereby   exercises  the  right  to  purchase
_________________  of the shares of Common  Stock  ("Warrant  Shares")  of Donar
Enterprises,  Inc., a Delaware  corporation  (the  "Company"),  evidenced by the
attached  Warrant  (the  "Warrant").  Capitalized  terms  used  herein  and  not
otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant.

         1. Payment of Warrant  Exercise Price.  The holder shall pay the sum of
$___________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

         2. Delivery of Warrant Shares.  The Company shall deliver to the holder
__________ Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.

Date: ______________ _______,___________




Name of Registered Holder

_____________________________

Name:________________________



<PAGE>



                              EXHIBIT B TO WARRANT

                              FORM OF WARRANT POWER


FOR  VALUE  RECEIVED,  the  undersigned  does  hereby  assign  and  transfer  to
________________,  Federal Identification No. __________,  a warrant to purchase
____________ shares of the capital stock of Donar Enterprises,  Inc., a Delaware
corporation,  represented by warrant certificate no. _____, standing in the name
of the undersigned on the books of said corporation. The undersigned does hereby
irrevocably  constitute  and appoint  ______________,  attorney to transfer  the
warrants of said corporation, with full power of substitution in the premises.


Dated:  _______________, 200__

                                                     ___________________________

                                                     Name:______________________








