-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 CWySITk6KzbBn/r93/f9JwS14+TK4WxG42+bvEQDLaRfkLDiorT0Izau4Tt7J/+5
 IQ5ZTHZHm5Yu0bP2FLZW2w==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000950123-04-015083.txt : 20041222
<SEC-HEADER>0000950123-04-015083.hdr.sgml : 20041222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041222142845
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950123-04-015083
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIEWPOINT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000919794
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				954102687
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27168
		FILM NUMBER:		041220329

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		498 SEVENTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1810
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-201-0800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		498 SEVENTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1810
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VIEWPOINT CORP/NY/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	METACREATIONS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970529

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HSC SOFTWARE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951019
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>y04076e8vk.txt
<DESCRIPTION>VIEWPOINT CORPORATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934


                Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)
                                December 20, 2004


                              VIEWPOINT CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


Delaware                          0-27168                  95-4102687
- --------                          -------                  ----------
(state or other juris-            (Commission              (I.R.S. Employer
diction of incorporation)         File Number)             (Identification No.)


498 Seventh Avenue, Suite 1810, New York, NY                10018
- --------------------------------------------                -----
  (Address of principal executive offices)                  (Zip Code)



Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (212) 201-0800
                                                    --------------

                                      N/A
        ----------------------------------------------------------------
          (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (se General Instruction A.2. below):

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
    CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17
    CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
    Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
    Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
<PAGE>
ITEM 1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE ARRANGEMENT

            Viewpoint Corporation and EagleRock Master Fund, LP entered into a
            Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2004, under
            which Viewpoint issued 1,886,792 shares of Viewpoint common stock in
            a private placement to EagleRock at a purchase price of $2.65 per
            share (resulting in aggregate gross proceeds of $4,999,998.80).

            The securities offered and sold in the private placement have not
            been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and
            were sold in reliance upon the exemption from securities
            registration afforded by Regulation D. EagleRock represented to
            Viewpoint that it is an "Accredited Investor", as defined in Rule
            501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act. In connection with the
            private placement, Viewpoint entered into a Registration Rights
            Agreement with EagleRock pursuant to which Viewpoint is required to
            file a registration statement with the SEC covering the shares
            within 30 days of the closing of the private placement.

            The foregoing is a summary of the terms of the Securities Purchase
            Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement and does not purport to
            be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
            full text of the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Registration
            Rights Agreement, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit
            10.1 and Exhibit 10.2.

            Viewpoint issued a press release announcing the transaction on
            December 22, 2004. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as
            Exhibit 99.1.


ITEM 9.01. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS.

            (c)   Exhibits

                  The following exhibits are filed herewith:

                  10.1  Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 20,
                        2004, by and between Viewpoint Corporation and EagleRock
                        Master Fund, LP.

                  10.2  Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 20,
                        2004, by and between Viewpoint Corporation and EagleRock
                        Master Fund, LP.

                  99.1  Press release issued by Viewpoint Corporation on
                        December 22, 2004.
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES


      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                        VIEWPOINT CORPORATION

                                        /s/ Jerry S. Amato
                                        -----------------------------------
                                        Jerry S. Amato
                                        Chief Executive Officer



Dated:  December 22, 2004

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>y04076exv10w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1


                         SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the "AGREEMENT"), dated as of December
20, 2004, by and among Viewpoint Corporation, a Delaware corporation, with
headquarters located at 498 Seventh Avenue, Suite 1810, New York, New York
10018, (the "COMPANY"), and EagleRock Master Fund, LP, a Cayman Islands limited
partnership (the "BUYER").

         WHEREAS:

         A.       The Company and the Buyer is executing and delivering this
Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 ACT"), and
Rule 506 of Regulation D ("REGULATION D") as promulgated by the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the 1933 Act;

         B.       The Buyer wishes to purchase, and the Company wishes to sell,
upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, 1,886,792 shares of the
Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, of the Company (the "COMMON STOCK") at
a purchase price per share of $2.65 (such shares sold pursuant to this Agreement
shall be referred to herein as the "COMMON SHARES");

         C.       Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, the parties hereto are executing and delivering a Registration Rights
Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
"REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT"), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to
provide certain registration rights with respect to the Common Shares under the
1933 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and applicable
state securities laws.

         NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows:

         1.       PURCHASE AND SALE OF SECURITIES.

                  (a)      Purchase of Securities.

                           Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the
conditions set forth in Sections 6(a) and 7(a) below, the Company shall issue
and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company on the
Closing Date (as defined below), the Common Shares (the "CLOSING"). The Closing
shall occur on the Closing Date at the offices of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld
LLP, 590 Madison, New York, New York 10022.

                           (ii)     Purchase Price. The purchase price for the
Common Shares to be purchased by the Buyer at the Closing shall be $4,999,998.80
(the "PURCHASE PRICE").

                  (b)      Closing Date. The date and time of the Closing (the
"CLOSING DATE") shall be 10:00 a.m., New York Time, on the date hereof, subject
to notification of satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions to the Closing set
forth in Sections 6(a) and 7(a) below (or such later date as is mutually agreed
to by the Company and the Buyer).


<PAGE>

                  (c)      Form of Payment. On the Closing Date, (i) the Buyer
shall pay the Purchase Price to the Company for the Common Shares to be issued
and sold to the Buyer at the Closing, by wire transfer of immediately available
funds in accordance with the Company's written wire instructions, and (ii) the
Company shall deliver to the Buyer one or more stock certificates, free and
clear of all restrictive and other legends (except as expressly provided in
Section 2(g) hereof), evidencing the Common Shares, duly executed on behalf of
the Company and registered in the name of the Buyer.

         2.       BUYER'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

                  The Buyer represents and warrants that:

                  (a)      No Public Sale or Distribution. The Buyer is
acquiring the Common Shares for its own account and not with a view towards, or
for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof, except
pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the 1933 Act; provided, however,
that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any
of the Common Shares for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the
right to dispose of the Common Shares at any time in accordance with or pursuant
to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act.

                  (b)      Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer is an
"accredited investor" as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D.

                  (c)      Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that
the Common Shares are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific
exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state
securities laws and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and
accuracy of, and the Buyer's compliance with, the representations, warranties,
agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in
order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of
the Buyer to acquire the Common Shares.

                  (d)      Information. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have
been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and
operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the
Common Shares which have been requested by the Buyer. The Buyer and its
advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the
Company. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations
conducted by the Buyer or its advisors, if any, or its representatives shall
modify, amend or affect the Buyer's right to rely on the Company's
representations and warranties contained herein. The Buyer understands that its
investment in the Common Shares involves a high degree of risk. The Buyer has
sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to
make an informed investment decision with respect to its acquisition of the
Common Shares.

                  (e)      No Governmental Review. The Buyer understands that no
United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental
agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Common
Shares or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Common Shares nor
have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the
Common Shares.



                                       2
<PAGE>

                  (f)      Transfer or Resale. The Buyer understands that except
as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement: (i) the Common Shares have not
been and are not being registered under the 1933 Act or any state securities
laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold, assigned or transferred unless (A)
subsequently registered thereunder, or (B) the Buyer shall have delivered to the
Company an opinion of counsel, in a generally acceptable form, to the effect
that such Common Shares to be sold, assigned or transferred may be sold,
assigned or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, (ii)
any sale of the Common Shares made in reliance on Rule 144 or Rule 144A
promulgated under the 1933 Act, as amended, (or a successor rule thereto)
(collectively, "RULE 144") may be made only in accordance with the terms of Rule
144 and further, if Rule 144 is not applicable, any resale of the Common Shares
under circumstances in which the seller (or the Person (as defined in Section
3(r)) through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that
term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some other
exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder;
and (iii) neither the Company nor any other Person is under any obligation to
register the Common Shares under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to
comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder. The Common
Shares may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other
loan secured by the Common Shares and such pledge of Common Shares shall not be
deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Common Shares hereunder, and
the Buyer effecting a pledge of Common Shares shall be required to provide the
Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company
pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, including, without
limitation, this Section 2(g); provided, that in order to make any sale,
transfer or assignment of Common Shares, the Buyer and its pledgee makes such
disposition in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an
exemption under the 1933 Act.

                  (g)      Legends. The Buyer understands that the certificates
representing the Common Shares, except as set forth below, shall bear any legend
as required by the "blue sky" laws of any state and a restrictive legend in
substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed
against transfer of such stock certificates):

         THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
         UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE
         SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD,
         TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
         STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
         AMENDED, AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR (B) AN OPINION OF
         COUNSEL ADDRESSED TO THE COMPANY, IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT
         REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE
         SECURITIES LAWS. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE
         PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR
         FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a
certificate without such legend to the holder of the Common Shares upon which it
is stamped, if, unless otherwise



                                       3
<PAGE>

required by state securities laws, (i) such Common Shares are registered for
resale under the 1933 Act, (ii) in connection with a sale, assignment or other
transfer, such holder provides the Company with an opinion of counsel, in a
generally acceptable form, to the effect that such sale, assignment or transfer
of the Common Shares may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, or
(iii) such holder provides the Company with reasonable assurance that the Common
Shares can be sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to Rule 144.

                  (h)      Validity; Enforcement. This Agreement and the
Registration Rights Agreement have been duly and validly authorized, executed
and delivered on behalf of the Buyer and shall constitute the legal, valid and
binding obligations of the Buyer enforceable against the Buyer in accordance
with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
general principles of equity or to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or
affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors' rights and
remedies.

                  (i)      No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance
by the Buyer of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the
consummation by the Buyer of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational documents of the Buyer
or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or
lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any
rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any
agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Buyer is a party, or (iii)
result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree
(including federal and state securities laws) applicable to the Buyer, except in
the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such conflicts, defaults, rights
or violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Buyer to
perform its obligations hereunder.

                  (j)      Residency. The Buyer is a resident of the Cayman
Islands.

         3.       REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.

                  The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that:

                  (a)      Organization and Qualification. The Company and its
"SUBSIDIARIES" (which for purposes of this Agreement means any entity in which
the Company, directly or indirectly, owns capital stock or holds an equity or
similar interest) are corporations duly organized and validly existing in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are incorporated, to
the extent such qualification is required by law, and have the requisite
corporate power and authorization to own their properties and to carry on their
business as now being conducted. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is
duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing
in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the nature of the
business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the
extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. As used in this
Agreement, "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" means any material adverse effect on the
business, properties, assets, operations, results of operations or condition
(financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements and instruments
to be entered into in connection herewith, or on the authority or ability of the
Company to perform its



                                       4
<PAGE>

obligations under the Transaction Documents (as defined below). The Company has
no Subsidiaries except as set forth on Schedule 3(a). None of the Subsidiaries
have material operations.

                  (b)      Authorization; Enforcement; Validity. The Company has
the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its
obligations under this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions (as defined in Section 5(b)), and each
of the other agreements entered into by the parties hereto in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (collectively, the "TRANSACTION
DOCUMENTS") and to issue the Common Shares in accordance with the terms hereof
and thereof. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the
Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance of the Common
Shares, have been duly authorized by the Company's board of directors (the
"BOARD OF DIRECTORS") and no further consent or authorization is required by the
Company, its Board of Directors or its stockholders. This Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents have been duly executed and delivered by the
Company, and constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company
enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity or
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or
similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable
creditors' rights and remedies.

                  (c)      Issuance of Securities. The Common Shares are duly
authorized, and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms hereof, shall be
validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, free from all taxes, liens and
charges with respect to the issue thereof. Assuming the accuracy of each of the
representations and warranties of the Buyer contained in Section 2, the issuance
by the Company of the Common Shares is exempt from registration under the 1933
Act.

                  (d)      No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance
of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a
violation of the certificate of incorporation, any certificate of designations,
preferences and rights of any outstanding series of preferred stock or bylaws of
the Company or any Subsidiary or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or
an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default)
under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law,
rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state
securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Principal
Market) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any
property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or
affected, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such
conflicts, defaults, rights or violations which would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (e)      Consents. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(e), the
Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or
make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency or any
regulatory or self-regulatory agency or any other Person in order for it to
execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under or contemplated by the



                                       5
<PAGE>

Transaction Documents, in each case in accordance with the terms hereof or
thereof. All consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which
the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been
obtained or effected on or prior to the Closing Date. The Company and its
Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might reasonably be
expected to prevent the Company from obtaining or effecting any of the
foregoing. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the
Principal Market and has no knowledge of any facts which would reasonably lead
to delisting or suspension of the Common Stock in the foreseeable future.

                  (f)      Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer's Purchase of
Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely
in the capacity of arm's length purchaser with respect to the Transaction
Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Company
further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or
fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the
Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and
any advice given by the Buyer or any of its representatives or agents in
connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the Buyer's purchase of the Common
Shares. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company's decision
to enter into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on (i) the
independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives and (ii) the
Buyer's representations and warranties contained in Section 2.

                  (g)      No General Solicitation; Placement Agent's Fees.
Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or
their behalf, has engaged in any form of general solicitation or general
advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) in connection with the offer or
sale of the Common Shares. The Company has not engaged any placement agent or
other agent in connection with the sale of the Common Shares.

                  (h)      No Integrated Offering. None of the Company, its
Subsidiaries, any of their affiliates, and any Person acting on their behalf
has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or
solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would require
registration of the sale of any of the Common Shares to the Buyer under the 1933
Act or cause this offering of the Common Shares to be integrated with prior
offerings by the Company for purposes of the 1933 Act or any applicable
stockholder approval provisions, including, without limitation, under the rules
and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on which any of
the securities of the Company are listed or designated. None of the Company, its
Subsidiaries, their affiliates and any Person acting on their behalf will take
any action or steps referred to in the preceding sentence that would require
registration of any of the Common Shares under the 1933 Act or cause the
offering of the Common Shares to be integrated with other offerings.

                  (i)      Application of Takeover Protections; Rights
Agreement. The Company and its Board of Directors have taken all necessary
action in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business
combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Certificate of Incorporation
(as defined in Section 3(p)) or the laws of the state of its incorporation which
is or could become applicable to the Buyer as a result of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including,



                                       6
<PAGE>

without limitation, the Company's issuance of the Common Shares and the Buyer's
ownership of the Common Shares being purchased by it hereunder. The Company
specifically represents, warrants and agrees that, in accordance with Section 1
of the rights agreement, dated as of June 24, 1999, between the Company and
BankBoston, N.A., as amended (the "RIGHTS PLAN"), the Buyer is not intended to
be or will not be deemed to be an Acquiring Person within the meaning of the
Rights Plan solely because of the acquisition of the Common Shares pursuant to
this Agreement, and the acquisition of the Common Shares pursuant to this
Agreement shall not, under any circumstances, trigger a Distribution Date within
the meaning of the Rights Plan.

                  (j)      SEC Documents; Financial Statements.

                           (i)      Since December 31, 2001, the Company has
filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to
be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 ACT") (all of the
foregoing filed prior to the date hereof, or in connection with any Closing
subsequent to the date hereof, filed prior to the date of such Closing, and all
exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and
documents incorporated by reference therein being hereinafter referred to as the
"SEC DOCUMENTS"). The Company has delivered to the Buyer or its representatives
true, correct and complete copies of the SEC Documents not available on the
EDGAR system. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(j), as of their respective
dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements
of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder
applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they
were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or
omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(j), as
of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company included in
the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with
respect thereto. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(j), such financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be
otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto, or (ii)
in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude
footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all
material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof
and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit
adjustments).

                           (ii)     The Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer of the Company have signed, and the Company has furnished to
the SEC, all certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Such certifications contain no qualifications or
exceptions to the matters certified therein and have not been modified or
withdrawn; and neither the Company nor any of its officers has received notice
from any governmental entity questioning or challenging the accuracy,
completeness, form or manner of filing or submission of such certifications.

                  (k)      Absence of Certain Changes. Except as disclosed in
Schedule 3(l), since June 30, 2004, there has been no material adverse change in
the business, properties, operations,



                                       7
<PAGE>

condition (financial or otherwise), or results of operations of the Company or
its Subsidiaries. Since December 31, 2003, the Company has not (i) declared or
paid any dividends, (ii) sold any assets, individually or in the aggregate, in
excess of $100,000 outside of the ordinary course of business or (iii) had
capital expenditures, individually or in the aggregate, in excess of $1,300,000.
The Company has not taken any steps to seek protection pursuant to any
bankruptcy law nor does the Company have any knowledge that its creditors intend
to initiate involuntary bankruptcy proceedings or any actual knowledge of any
fact which would reasonably lead a creditor to do so. The Company is not as of
the date hereof, and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby
to occur at the Closing, will not be insolvent.

                  (l)      No Undisclosed Events, Liabilities, Developments or
Circumstances. No event, liability, development or circumstance has occurred or
exists with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective
business, properties, operations or financial condition, that would be required
to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws on a
registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC relating to an issuance
and sale by the Company of its Common Stock and which has not been publicly
announced.

                  (m)      Conduct of Business; Regulatory Permits. Neither the
Company nor its Subsidiaries is in violation of any term of or in default under
its Certificate of Incorporation, any Certificate of Designations, Preferences
and Rights of any outstanding series of preferred stock of the Company or Bylaws
or their organizational charter or bylaws, respectively. Except as disclosed in
Schedule 3(m), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation
of any judgment, decree or order or any statute, ordinance, rule or regulation
applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries, and neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries will conduct its business in violation of any of the
foregoing, except for possible violations which would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company is not in violation of any
of the rules, regulations or requirements of the Nasdaq National Market (or in
the event that the Company is no longer listed with the Nasdaq National Market,
the market or exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed and traded,
which only may be The New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange
or The Nasdaq SmallCap Market) (any such market being the "PRINCIPAL MARKET")
and has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which would reasonably lead
to delisting or suspension of the Common Stock by the Principal Market in the
foreseeable future. Except as disclosed on Schedule 3(m), since December 31,
2002, (i) the Common Stock has been designated for quotation or listed on the
Principal Market, (ii) trading in the Common Stock has not been suspended by the
SEC or the Principal Market and (iii) the Company has received no communication,
written or oral, from the SEC or the Principal Market regarding the suspension
or delisting of the Common Stock from the Principal Market. The issuance and
sale of the Common Shares under this Agreement does not contravene the rules and
regulations of the Nasdaq National Market. The Company and its Subsidiaries
possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their
respective businesses, except where the failure to possess such certificates,
authorizations or permits would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and neither the Company nor any
such Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the
revocation or modification of any such certificate, authorization or permit.



                                       8
<PAGE>

                  (n)      Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor
any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other
Person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has, in the
course of its actions for, or on behalf of, the Company (i) used any corporate
funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful
expenses relating to political activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from
corporate funds; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S.
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; or (iv) made any unlawful
bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to
any foreign or domestic government official or employee.

                  (o)      Transactions With Affiliates. Except as set forth on
Schedule 3(o) and in the SEC Documents filed at least ten days prior to the date
hereof and other than the grant of stock options disclosed on Schedule 3(p),
none of the officers, directors or employees of the Company is presently a party
to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for
ordinary course services as employees, officers or directors), including any
contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of
services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from,
or otherwise requiring payments to or from any such officer, director or
employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership,
trust or other entity in which any such officer, director, or employee has a
substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.

                  (p)      Equity Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the
authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (x) 75,000,000 shares of
Common Stock, of which as of the date hereof, 54,785,067 are issued, and
54,625,067 are outstanding and 160,000 of which are treasury shares, 11,356,910
shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company's stock option and
purchase plans and 783,830 shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to
securities exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, shares of
Common Stock, and (y) 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which as of the
date hereof, none are issued and outstanding. All of such outstanding shares
have been, or upon issuance will be, validly issued and are fully paid and
nonassessable. Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(q): (i) no shares of the
Company's capital stock are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar
rights or any liens or encumbrances suffered or permitted by the Company; (ii)
there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls
or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights
convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares of capital
stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or options, warrants, scrip, rights to
subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or
securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any
shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (iii) there
are no financing statements securing obligations in any material amounts, either
singly or in the aggregate, filed in connection with the Company; (iv) there are
no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the 1933 Act
(except the Registration Rights Agreement); (v) there are no outstanding
securities or instruments of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which
contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or any
of



                                       9
<PAGE>

its Subsidiaries; (vi) there are no securities or instruments containing
anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of
the Common Shares; (vii) the Company does not have any stock appreciation rights
or "phantom stock" plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement; and
(viii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have no liabilities or obligations
required to be disclosed in the SEC Documents (as defined herein) but not so
disclosed in the SEC Documents, other than those incurred in the ordinary course
of the Company's or its Subsidiaries' respective businesses and which,
individually or in the aggregate, do not or would not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has furnished to the Buyer true,
correct and complete copies of the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, as
amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the "CERTIFICATE OF
INCORPORATION"), and the Company's Bylaws, as amended and as in effect on the
date hereof (the "BYLAWS"), and the terms of all securities convertible into, or
exercisable or exchangeable for, Common Stock.

                  (q)      Indebtedness and Other Contracts. Except as disclosed
in Schedule 3(q), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has any
outstanding Indebtedness (as defined below), or (ii) is in violation of any term
of or in default under any contract, agreement or instrument relating to any
Indebtedness, except where such violations and defaults would not reasonably be
expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse
Effect. Schedule 3(q) provides a detailed description of the material terms of
any such outstanding Indebtedness. For purposes of this Agreement: (x)
"INDEBTEDNESS" of any Person means, without duplication (A) all indebtedness for
borrowed money, (B) all obligations issued, undertaken or assumed as the
deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables
entered into in the ordinary course of business), (C) all reimbursement or
payment obligations with respect to letters of credit, surety bonds and other
similar instruments, (D) all obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures
or similar instruments, including obligations so evidenced incurred in
connection with the acquisition of property, assets or businesses, (E) all
indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title
retention agreement, or incurred as financing, in either case with respect to
any property or assets acquired with the proceeds of such indebtedness (even
though the rights and remedies of the seller or bank under such agreement in the
event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (F) all
monetary obligations under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in
connection with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied
for the periods covered thereby, is classified as a capital lease, (G) all
indebtedness referred to in clauses (A) through (F) above secured by (or for
which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or
otherwise, to be secured by) any mortgage, lien, pledge, change, security
interest or other encumbrance upon or in any property or assets (including
accounts and contract rights) owned by any Person, even though the Person which
owns such assets or property has not assumed or become liable for the payment of
such indebtedness, and (H) all Contingent Obligations in respect of indebtedness
or obligations of others of the kinds referred to in clauses (A) through (G)
above; (y) "CONTINGENT OBLIGATION" means, as to any Person, any direct or
indirect liability, contingent or otherwise, of that Person with respect to any
indebtedness, lease, dividend or other obligation of another Person if the
primary purpose or intent of the Person incurring such liability, or the primary
effect thereof, is to provide assurance to the obligee of such liability that
such liability will be paid or discharged, or that any agreements relating
thereto will be complied with, or that the holders of such liability will be
protected (in whole or in part) against loss with respect thereto; and (z)
"PERSON" means an individual, a limited liability company, a



                                       10
<PAGE>

partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated
organization and a government or any department or agency thereof.

                  (r)      Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit,
proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by the Principal Market, any
court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the
Company (other than industry-wide actions or suits that are not directed against
the Company and that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect), the Common Stock or any of the
Company's Subsidiaries or any of the Company's or the Company's Subsidiaries'
officers or directors in their capacities as such, except as set forth in
Schedule 3(r).

                  (s)      Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries
are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such
losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be
prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its
Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has been
refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for and neither the Company nor
any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew
its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its
business at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (t)      Employee Relations. (i) Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreement or employs
any member of a union. The Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their
relations with their employees are good. No executive officer of the Company (as
defined in Rule 501(f) of the 1933 Act) has notified the Company that such
officer intends to leave the Company or otherwise terminate such officer's
employment with the Company. No executive officer of the Company, to the
knowledge of the Company, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any
material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or
proprietary information agreement, non-competition agreement, or any other
contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant, and the continued employment
of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters.

                           (ii)     The Company and its Subsidiaries are in
compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations
respecting employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of
employment and wages and hours, except where failure to be in compliance would
not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (u)      Title. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and
marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the
business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all
liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(v) or
such as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere
with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and
any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owns
any real property. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the
Company and any of its Subsidiaries are



                                       11
<PAGE>

held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions
as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be
made of such property and buildings by the Company and its Subsidiaries.

                  (v)      Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its
Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all trademarks,
trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents,
patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental
authorizations, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights
("INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS") necessary to conduct their respective
businesses as now conducted, other than those the absence of which would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in
Schedule 3(v), none of the Company's Intellectual Property Rights have expired
or terminated, or are expected to expire or terminate within three years from
the date of this Agreement. The Company does not have any knowledge of any
infringement by the Company or its Subsidiaries of Intellectual Property Rights
of others. Except as set forth in Schedule 3(v), there is no claim, action or
proceeding being made or brought, or to the knowledge of the Company, being
threatened, against the Company or its Subsidiaries regarding its Intellectual
Property Rights. The Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which
might give rise to any of the foregoing infringements or claims, actions or
proceedings. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security
measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their
intellectual properties.

                  (w)      Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries
(i) are in compliance with any and all Environmental Laws (as hereinafter
defined), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required
of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective
businesses and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such
permit, license or approval where, in each of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii)
and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The term
"ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" means all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to
pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without
limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions, discharges,
releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic
or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS") into the
environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution,
use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials,
as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters,
injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits,
plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder.

                  (x)      Subsidiary Rights. The Company or one of its
Subsidiaries has the unrestricted right to vote, and (subject to limitations
imposed by applicable law) to receive dividends and distributions on, all
capital securities of its material Subsidiaries as owned by the Company or such
Subsidiary.

                  (y)      Tax Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries
(i) has made or filed all federal and state income and all other material tax
returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is
subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges
that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such



                                       12
<PAGE>

returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith or
that are not material and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably
adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to
which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in
any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any
jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such
claim.

                  (z)      Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and each of
its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to
provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with management's general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset
and liability accountability, (iii) access to assets or incurrence of
liabilities is permitted only in accordance with management's general or
specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets and
liabilities is compared with the existing assets and liabilities at reasonable
intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any difference.

                  (aa)     Material Non-Public Information. The Company has not
provided, and will not provide, to the Buyer any material non-public information
other than information related to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, all of which information
related to the transactions contemplated hereby shall be disclosed by the
Company pursuant to Section 4(i) hereof.

                  (bb)     Pending Transaction. The Company intends to
consummate a transaction with Unicast Communications Corp. ("Unicast") on or
about January 3, 2005, pursuant to which the Company will acquire all of the
outstanding capital stock of Unicast (the "Unicast Transaction"). It is the
Company's intention and, to the Company's knowledge, Unicast's intention, to
consummate the Unicast Transaction in a timely manner. Nothing has come to the
Company's attention that could either delay the Unicast Transaction or cause the
Unicast Transaction not to be consummated.


         4.       COVENANTS.

                  (a)      Reasonable Best Efforts. Each party shall use its
reasonable best efforts timely to satisfy each of the conditions to be satisfied
by it as provided in Sections 6 and 7 of this Agreement.

                  (b)      Form D and Blue Sky. The Company agrees to file a
Form D with respect to the Common Shares as required under Regulation D and to
provide a copy thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company
shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall
reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for or to
qualify the Common Shares for sale to the Buyer at the Closing pursuant to this
Agreement under applicable securities or "Blue Sky" laws of the states of the
United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification), and shall
provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the
Closing Date. The Company shall make all filings and reports relating to the
offer and sale of the Common Shares required under applicable securities



                                       13
<PAGE>

or "Blue Sky" laws of the states of the United States following the Closing
Date.

                  (c)      Reporting Status. Until the date on which the
Investors (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) shall have sold all
the Common Shares, or, if earlier, until such time as the Common Shares can be
sold without restriction pursuant to Rule 144(k) promulgated under the 1933 Act
(the "REPORTING PERIOD"), the Company shall file all reports required to be
filed with the SEC pursuant to the 1934 Act, and the Company shall not terminate
its status as an issuer required to file reports under the 1934 Act even if the
1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder would otherwise permit such
termination.

                  (d)      Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the proceeds
from the sale of the Common Shares for working capital purposes and not for the
repayment of any outstanding Indebtedness of the Company.

                  (e)      Financial Information. The Company agrees to send the
following to each Investor during the Reporting Period (i) unless the following
are filed with the SEC through EDGAR and are available to the public through the
EDGAR system, within three (3) Business Days after the filing thereof with the
SEC, a copy of its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, its Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q, any Current Reports on Form 8-K and any registration statements (other
than on Form S-8) or amendments filed pursuant to the 1933 Act, (ii) on the same
day as the release thereof, facsimile copies of all press releases issued by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iii) copies of any notices and other
information made available or given to the stockholders of the Company
generally, contemporaneously with the making available or giving thereof to the
stockholders.

                  (f)      Listing. The Company shall promptly secure the
listing of all of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration
Rights Agreement) upon each national securities exchange and automated quotation
system, if any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then listed (subject to
official notice of issuance) and shall maintain, so long as any other shares of
Common Stock shall be so listed, such listing of all Registrable Securities from
time to time issuable under the terms of the Transaction Documents. The Company
shall maintain the Common Stock's authorization for quotation on the Nasdaq
National Market or obtain a listing on The New York Stock Exchange, Inc. (the
"NYSE") or the American Stock Exchange (the "AMEX"). If the Company obtains a
listing of the Common Stock on the NYSE or the AMEX and terminates its listing
on the Nasdaq National Market, references in the Transaction Documents to the
"Principal Market" shall mean, from and after the date of the NYSE or AMEX
listing, the NYSE or AMEX, as applicable. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries shall take any action which would be reasonably expected to result
in the delisting or suspension of the Common Stock on the Principal Market. The
Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its
obligations under this Section 4(f).

                  (g)      Fees. Subject to Section 8 below, at the Closing, the
Company shall pay a nonaccountable expense allowance of $15,000 to the Buyer or
its designee(s), which amount shall be withheld by the Buyer from its Purchase
Price at the Closing. The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any
placement agent's fees, financial advisory fees, or broker's commissions (other
than for Persons engaged by the Buyer) relating to or arising out of the
transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, any fees or
commissions



                                       14
<PAGE>

payable to any agent. The Company shall pay, and hold the Buyer harmless
against, any liability, loss or reasonable expense (including, without
limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and out-of-pocket expenses) arising in
connection with claims relating to any such payment. Except as otherwise set
forth in this Agreement or in the Registration Rights Agreement, each party to
this Agreement shall bear its own expenses in connection with the sale of the
Common Shares to the Buyer.

                  (h)      Pledge of Securities. The Company acknowledges and
agrees that the Common Shares may be pledged by an Investor (as defined in the
Registration Rights Agreement) in connection with a bona fide margin agreement
or other loan or financing arrangement that is secured by the Common Shares. The
pledge of Common Shares shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment
of the Common Shares hereunder, and no Investor effecting a pledge of Common
Shares shall be required to provide the Company with any notice thereof or
otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any
other Transaction Document, including, without limitation, Section 2(f) of this
Agreement; provided that an Investor and its pledgee shall be required to comply
with the provisions of Section 2(f) hereof in order to effect a sale, transfer
or assignment of Common Shares to such pledgee. The Company hereby agrees to
execute and deliver such documentation as a pledgee of the Common Shares may
reasonably request in connection with a pledge of the Common Shares to such
pledgee by an Investor.

                  (i)      Disclosure of Transactions and Other Material
Information. On or before 8:30 a.m., New York Time, on the first Trading Day
following the Closing Date, the Company shall issue a press release describing
the terms of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and on
or before noon, New York Time, on the first Trading Day following the Closing
Date, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K describing the terms
of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents in the form
required by the 1934 Act, and attaching the material Transaction Documents
(including, without limitation, this Agreement and the Registration Rights
Agreement) as exhibits to such filing (including all attachments, the "8-K
FILING", and the description and attachments, the "8-K MATERIALS"). From and
after the filing of the 8-K Filing with the SEC, the Buyer shall not be in
possession of any material, nonpublic information received from the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any of its respective officers, directors, employees or
agents, that is not disclosed in the 8-K Filing. The Company shall not, and
shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and its and each of their respective
officers, directors, employees and agents, not to, provide the Buyer with any
material nonpublic information regarding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
from and after the filing of the 8-K Filing with the SEC without the express
written consent of the Buyer. In the event of a breach of the foregoing covenant
by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of its or their respective
officers, directors, employees and agents, in addition to any other remedy
provided herein or in the Transaction Documents, the Buyer shall have the right
to make a public disclosure, in the form of a press release, public
advertisement or otherwise, of the 8-K Materials without the prior approval by
the Company, its Subsidiaries, or any of its or their respective officers,
directors, employees or agents. The Buyer shall have any liability to the
Company, its Subsidiaries, or any of its or their respective officers,
directors, employees, shareholders or agents for any such disclosure. Subject to
the foregoing, neither the Company nor the Buyer shall issue any press releases
or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby; provided, however, that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior
approval of the Buyer,



                                       15
<PAGE>

to make any press release or other public disclosure with respect to such
transactions (i) in substantial conformity with the 8-K Filing and
contemporaneously therewith and (ii) as is required by applicable law and
regulations, including the applicable rules and regulations of the Principal
Market (provided that in the case of clause (i) the Buyer shall be consulted by
the Company (although the consent of the Buyer shall not be required) in
connection with any such press release or other public disclosure prior to its
release).

                  (j)      Certificate of Qualification as a Foreign
Corporation. The Company shall, within five (5) Business Days following the
Closing Date, deliver to the Buyer a certificate evidencing the Company's
qualification as a foreign corporation and good standing issued by the Secretary
of State of the State of New York as of a date within 10 days of the Closing
Date.


         5.       TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS.

                  The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its
transfer agent, and any subsequent transfer agent, to issue certificates or
credit shares to the applicable balance accounts at DTC, registered in the name
of the Buyer or its respective nominee(s), upon transfer or resale of the Common
Shares in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto (the "IRREVOCABLE TRANSFER AGENT
INSTRUCTIONS"). The Company warrants that no instruction other than the
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5, and stop
transfer instructions to give effect to Section 2(g) hereof, will be given by
the Company to its transfer agent, and that the Common Shares shall otherwise be
freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent
provided in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. If the Buyer
effects a sale, assignment or transfer of the Common Shares in accordance with
Section 2(g), the Company shall permit the transfer and shall promptly instruct
its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates or credit shares to the
applicable balance accounts at DTC in such name and in such denominations as
specified by the Buyer to effect such sale, transfer or assignment. In the event
that such sale, assignment or transfer involves Common Shares sold, assigned or
transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement or pursuant to Rule
144, the transfer agent shall issue such Common Shares to the Buyer, assignee or
transferee, as the case may be, without any restrictive legend (subject, in the
case of a sale under Rule 144, to the Company's receipt of the opinion of
Buyer's counsel referred to in Section 2(f)(i)(B)). The Company acknowledges
that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to
the Buyer. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a
breach of its obligations under this Section 5 will be inadequate and agrees, in
the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of
this Section 5, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other
available remedies, to an order and/or injunction restraining any breach and
requiring immediate issuance and transfer, without the necessity of showing
economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.

         6.       CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANY'S OBLIGATION TO SELL.

                  (a)      Closing Date. The obligation of the Company hereunder
to issue and sell the Common Shares to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to
the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following
conditions, provided that these conditions are for the



                                       16
<PAGE>

Company's sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole
discretion by providing the Buyer with prior written notice thereof:

                           (i)      The Buyer shall have executed each of the
Transaction Documents to which it is a party and delivered the same to the
Company.

                           (ii)     The Buyer shall have delivered to the
Company the Purchase Price (less, in the the amounts withheld pursuant to
Section 4(g)) for the Common Shares being purchased by the Buyer at the Closing
by wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to the wire
instructions provided by the Company.

                           (iii)    The representations and warranties of the
Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when
made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for
representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the
covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed,
satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.

         7.       CONDITIONS TO THE BUYER'S OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE.

                  (a)      Closing Date. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder
to purchase the Common Shares at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at
or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that
these conditions are for the Buyer's sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer
at any time in its sole discretion by providing the Company with prior written
notice thereof:

                           (i)      The Company shall have executed and
delivered to the Buyer (i) each of the Transaction Documents and (ii) the Common
Shares (in such amounts as the Buyer shall request) being purchased by the Buyer
at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement.

                           (ii)     The Buyer shall have received the opinion of
Brian O'Donoghue, the Company's General Counsel, dated as of the Closing Date,
in substantially the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

                           (iii)    The Company shall have delivered to the
Buyer a copy of the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in the form of
Exhibit B attached hereto, which instructions shall have been delivered to and
acknowledged in writing by the Company's transfer agent.

                           (iv)     The Company shall have delivered to the
Buyer a certificate evidencing the incorporation and good standing of the
Company issued by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware as of a date
within 10 days of the Closing Date.

                           (v)      The Company shall have delivered to the
Buyer a letter to the Company issued by the New York State Department of
Taxation and Finance evidencing the absence of tax liens against the Company as
of a date within 10 days of the Closing Date.

                           (vi)     The Company shall have delivered to the
Buyer a certified copy of



                                       17
<PAGE>

the Certificate of Incorporation as certified by the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware within 10 days of the Closing Date.

                           (vii)    The Company shall have delivered to the
Buyer a certificate, executed by the Secretary of the Company and dated as of
the Closing Date, as to (i) the resolutions consistent with Section 3(b) as
adopted by the Company's Board of Directors in a form reasonably acceptable to
the Buyer (the "RESOLUTIONS"), (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation and (iii)
the Bylaws, each as in effect at the Closing, in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit D.

                           (viii)   The representations and warranties of the
Company shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for those
representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the date
when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for
representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the
covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be
performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing
Date. The Buyer shall have received a certificate, executed by the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing
effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E.

                           (ix)     The Company shall have delivered to the
Buyer a letter from the Company's transfer agent certifying the number of shares
of Common Stock outstanding as of a date within five days of the Closing Date.

                           (x)      The Common Stock (I) shall be designated for
quotation or listed on the Principal Market and (II) shall not have been
suspended, as of the Closing Date, by the SEC or the Principal Market from
trading on the Principal Market nor shall suspension by the SEC or the Principal
Market have been threatened, as of the Closing Date, either (A) in writing by
the SEC or the Principal Market or (B) by falling below the minimum listing
maintenance requirements of the Principal Market.

                           (xi)     The Company shall have obtained all
governmental, regulatory or third party consents and approvals, if any,
necessary for the sale of the Common Shares.

                           (xii)    The Company shall have delivered to the
Buyer such other documents relating to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement as the Buyer or its counsel may reasonably request.

         8.       TERMINATION. In the event that the Closing shall not have
occurred with respect to a Buyer on or before five (5) Business Days from the
date hereof due to the Company's or the Buyer's failure to satisfy the
conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 above (and the nonbreaching party's
failure to waive such unsatisfied condition(s)), the nonbreaching party shall
have the option to terminate this Agreement with respect to such breaching party
at the close of business on such date without liability of any party to any
other party; provided, however, this if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to
this Section 8, the Company shall remain obligated to reimburse the
non-breaching Buyer for the expenses described in Section



                                       18
<PAGE>

4(g) above.

         9.       MISCELLANEOUS.

                  (a)      Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial. All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation
of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New
York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or
rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of
New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York,
Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in
connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed
herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit,
action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the
jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought
in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is
improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and
consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by
mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under
this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient
service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.
EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO
REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN
CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.

                  (b)      Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two
or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the
same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by
each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile signature
shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory
thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not
a facsimile signature.

                  (c)      Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for
convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the
interpretation of, this Agreement.

                  (d)      Severability. If any provision of this Agreement
shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or
unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the
remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or
enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

                  (e)      Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement
supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements between the Buyer, the
Company, their affiliates and Persons acting on their behalf with respect to the
matters discussed herein, and this Agreement and the instruments referenced
herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the
matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein
or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation,
warranty, covenant or undertaking with



                                       19
<PAGE>

respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be amended other
than by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Buyer. No
provision hereof may be waived other than by an instrument in writing signed by
the party against whom enforcement is sought. No such amendment shall be
effective to the extent that it applies to less than all of the holders of the
Common Shares then outstanding. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any
of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration also is offered to
all of the parties to the Transaction Documents, holders of Common Shares. The
Company has not, directly or indirectly, made any agreements with the Buyer
relating to the terms or conditions of the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents except as set forth in the Transaction Documents.

                  (f)      Notices. Any notices, consents, waivers or other
communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this
Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon
receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile
(provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically
generated and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one Business Day
after deposit with an overnight courier service, in each case properly addressed
to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers for such
communications shall be:

         If to the Company:

                  Viewpoint Corporation
                  498 Seventh Avenue, Suite 1810
                  New York, New York 10018
                  Telephone:   (212) 201-0800
                  Facsimile:   (212) 201-0846
                  Attention:   General Counsel
                  With a copy to the Chief Financial Officer

         If to the Transfer Agent:

                  Equiserve Trust Company
                  Post Office Box 9187
                  Canton, Massachusetts  02021
                  Telephone:   (781) 575-2790
                  Facsimile:   (617) 360-6911
                  Attention:   William C. Gustafson



If to the Buyer, to its address and facsimile number set forth on the Schedule
of Buyer, with copies to the Buyer's representatives as set forth on the
Schedule of Buyers, or to such other address and/or facsimile number and/or to
the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by
written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the
effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the
recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B)
mechanically or electronically generated by



                                       20
<PAGE>

the sender's facsimile machine containing the time, date, recipient facsimile
number and an image of the first page of such transmission or (C) provided by an
overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service,
receipt by facsimile or receipt from an overnight courier service in accordance
with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

                  (g)      Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective
successors and assigns, including any purchasers of the Common Shares. The
Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of the holders of Common Shares representing
at least two-thirds of the Common Shares then outstanding, including by merger
or consolidation, except pursuant to a change of control. The Buyer may assign
some or all of its rights hereunder without the consent of the Company, in which
event such assignee shall be deemed to be a Buyer hereunder with respect to such
assigned rights.

                  (h)      No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is
intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted
successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision
hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

                  (i)      Survival. Unless this Agreement is terminated under
Section 8, the representations and warranties of the Company and the Buyer
contained in Sections 2 and 3, the agreements and covenants set forth in
Sections 4, 5 and 9 shall survive the Closing.

                  (j)      Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform,
or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall
execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and
documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the
intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby.

                  (k)      Indemnification. In consideration of the Buyer's
execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and acquiring the Common
Shares thereunder and in addition to all of the Company's other obligations
under the Transaction Documents, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify
and hold harmless the Buyer and each other holder of the Common Shares who is a
successor or assignee pursuant to Section 9(g) and all of their stockholders,
partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect
investors and any of the foregoing Persons' agents or other representatives
(including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the "INDEMNITEES")
from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses,
costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and reasonable expenses in
connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to
the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including
reasonable attorneys' fees and disbursements (the "INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES"),
incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a)
any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the
Company in the Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or
document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant,
agreement or obligation of the Company contained in the Transaction Documents or
any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby or
(c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee
by a third party (including for these purposes a derivative action



                                       21
<PAGE>

brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the
execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of the Transaction Documents or
any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby,
(ii) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or
indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Common Shares, (iii) any
disclosure made by the Buyer pursuant to Section 4(i), or (iv) the status of the
Buyer or holder of the Common Shares as an investor in the Company. To the
extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for
any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and
satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under
applicable law. Except as otherwise set forth herein, the mechanics and
procedures with respect to the rights and obligations under this Section 9(k)
shall be the same as those set forth in Section 6 of the Registration Rights
Agreement.

                  (l)      No Strict Construction. The language used in this
Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against
any party.

                  (m)      Remedies. The Buyer and each holder of the Common
Shares shall have all rights and remedies set forth in the Transaction Documents
and all rights and remedies which such holders have been granted at any time
under any other agreement or contract and all of the rights which such holders
have under any law. Any Person having any rights under any provision of this
Agreement shall be entitled to enforce such rights specifically (without posting
a bond or other security), to recover damages by reason of any breach of any
provision of this Agreement and to exercise all other rights granted by law.
Furthermore, the Company recognizes that in the event that it fails to perform,
observe, or discharge any or all of its obligations under this Agreement, any
remedy at law may prove to be inadequate relief to the Buyer. The Company
therefore agrees that the Buyer shall be entitled to seek temporary and
permanent injunctive relief in any such case without the necessity of proving
actual damages and without posting a bond or other security.

                  (n)      Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company
makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder or pursuant to any of the
other Transaction Documents or the Buyer enforces or exercises its rights
hereunder or thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such
enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated,
declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged
by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company,
a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without
limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable
cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or
part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued
in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such
enforcement or setoff had not occurred.



                            [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]



                                       22
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Buyer and the Company have caused this
Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written
above.

COMPANY:                                    BUYER:

VIEWPOINT CORPORATION                       EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP



By: /s/ Jerry S. Amato                      By: /s/ Nader Tavakoli
   --------------------------------             --------------------------------
    Name:  Jerry S. Amato                        Name:  Nader Tavakoli
    Title: Chief Executive Officer               Title: Authorized Signatory







<PAGE>

                               SCHEDULE OF BUYERS




<Table>
<Caption>
          (1)                           (2)                  (3)                        (4)







                                                            COMMON               LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE'S
          BUYER            ADDRESS AND FACSIMILE NUMBER     SHARES            ADDRESS AND FACSIMILE NUMBER
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>                              <C>           <C>
EagleRock Master Fund,     c/o EagleRock Capital                          Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP
LP, a Cayman Islands       Management LLC                                 590 Madison Avenue
limited partnership        551 Fifth Avenue, 34th Floor                   New York, NY 10022
                           New York, NY 10176                             Attention:  Stephen Older, Esq.
                           Attention: Nader Tavakoli        1,886,792     Facsimile: (212) 872-1002
                           Facsimile: (212) 681-6096                      Telephone:  (212) 872-1000
                           Telephone: (212) 692-5418
</Table>




<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBITS



Exhibit A         Form of Registration Rights Agreement
Exhibit B         Form of Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions
Exhibit C         Form of Company General Counsel Opinion
Exhibit D         Form of Secretary's Certificate
Exhibit E         Form of Officer's Certificate

                                    SCHEDULES

Schedule 3(a)              Subsidiaries
Schedule 3(e)              Consents
Schedule 3(j)              SEC Documents; Financial Statements
Schedule 3(k)              Absence of Certain Changes
Schedule 3(m)              Conduct of Business; Regulatory Permits
Schedule 3(o)              Transactions with Affiliates
Schedule 3(p)              Capitalization
Schedule 3(q)              Indebtedness and Other Contracts
Schedule 3(r)              Litigation
Schedule 3(u)              Title
Schedule 3(v)              Intellectual Property





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>y04076exv10w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2



                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT



         REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT"), dated as of December
20, 2004, by and among Viewpoint Corporation, a Delaware corporation, with
headquarters located at 498 Seventh Avenue, Suite 1810, New York, New York 10018
the "COMPANY"), and EagleRock Master Fund, LP (the "BUYER").

         WHEREAS:

         A.       In connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement by and
among the parties hereto of even date herewith (the "SECURITIES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT"), the Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, to issue and sell to the Buyer
1,886,792 shares (the "COMMON SHARES") of the Company's common stock, par value
$0.001 per share (the "COMMON STOCK");

         B.       To induce Buyer to execute and deliver the Securities Purchase
Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the "1933 ACT"), and
applicable state securities laws.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the
Buyer hereby agree as follows:

         1.       Definitions.

         As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following
meanings:

                  a.       "BUSINESS DAY" means any day other than Saturday,
Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are
authorized or required by law to remain closed.

                  b.       "INVESTOR" means the Buyer, any transferee or
assignee thereof to whom the Buyer assigns its rights under this Agreement and
who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance
with Section 10 and any transferee or assignee thereof to whom a transferee or
assignee assigns its rights under this Agreement and who agrees to become bound
by the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with Section 10.

                  c.       "PERSON" means an individual, a limited liability
company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an
unincorporated organization and governmental or any department or agency
thereof.

                  d.       "REGISTER," "REGISTERED," and "REGISTRATION" refer to
a registration effected by preparing and filing one or more Registration
Statements (as defined below) in compliance with the 1933 Act and pursuant to
Rule 415 under the 1933 Act or any successor rule

<PAGE>


providing for offering securities on a continuous or delayed basis ("RULE 415"),
and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such Registration
Statement(s) by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC").

                  e.       "REGISTRABLE SECURITIES" means the Common Shares and
any shares of capital stock issued or issuable with respect to the Common Shares
as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or
similar event or otherwise.

                  f.       "REGISTRATION STATEMENT" means a registration
statement or registration statements of the Company filed under the 1933 Act
covering the Registrable Securities.

         Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall
have the respective meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

         2.       Registration.

                  a.       Mandatory Registration. The Company shall prepare,
and, as soon as practicable but in no event later than 30 days after the Closing
Date (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) (the "FILING DEADLINE"),
file with the SEC the Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of
all of the Registrable Securities. In the event that Form S-3 is unavailable for
such a registration, the Company shall use such other form as is available for
such a registration, subject to the provisions of Section 2(c). The Registration
Statement prepared pursuant hereto shall register for resale at least that
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Registrable Securities
as of the trading day immediately preceding the date the Registration Statement
is initially filed with the SEC, subject to adjustment as provided in Section
2(d). The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have the Registration
Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable, but in no event
later than the date which is (i) in the event that the Registration Statement is
not subject to a review by the SEC, 60 days after the Closing Date or (ii) in
the event that the Registration Statement is subject to a review by the SEC, 180
days after the Closing Date (the "EFFECTIVENESS DEADLINE").

                  b.       Allocation of Registrable Securities. The initial
number of Registrable Securities included in any Registration Statement and each
increase in the number of Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to
Section 2(d) shall be allocated pro rata among the Investors based on the number
of Registrable Securities held by each Investor at the time the Registration
Statement covering such initial number of Registrable Securities or increase
thereof is declared effective by the SEC. In the event that an Investor sells or
otherwise transfers any of such Investor's Registrable Securities, each
transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of the then remaining number of
Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement for such
transferor. Any shares of Common Stock included in a Registration Statement and
which remain allocated to any Person which ceases to hold any Registrable
Securities covered by such Registration Statement shall be allocated to the
remaining Investors, pro rata based on the number of Registrable Securities then
held by such Investors which are covered by such Registration Statement. In no
event shall the Company include any securities other than


                                       2
<PAGE>


Registrable Securities on any Registration Statement without the prior written
consent of the Buyer.

                  c.       Ineligibility for Form S-3. In the event that Form
S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable
Securities hereunder, the Company shall (i) register the resale of the
Registrable Securities on another appropriate form reasonably acceptable to the
holders of at least two-thirds of the Registrable Securities and (ii) undertake
to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 as soon as such form is
available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration
Statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared
effective by the SEC.

                  d.       Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event
the number of shares available under a Registration Statement filed pursuant to
Section 2(a) is insufficient to cover all of the Registrable Securities required
to be covered by such Registration Statement or an Investor's allocated portion
of the Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2(b), the Company shall amend
the applicable Registration Statement, or file a new Registration Statement (on
the short form available therefor, if applicable), or both, so as to cover at
least 100% of the number of such Registrable Securities as of the trading day
immediately preceding the date of the filing of such amendment or new
Registration Statement, in each case, as soon as practicable, but in any event
not later than fifteen (15) days after the necessity therefor arises. The
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause such amendment and/or new
Registration Statement to become effective as soon as practicable following the
filing thereof. For purposes of the foregoing provision, the number of shares
available under a Registration Statement shall be deemed "insufficient to cover
all of the Registrable Securities" if at any time the number of shares of Common
Stock available for resale under the Registration Statement is less than the
number of Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement.

         3.       Related Obligations.

         At such time as the Company is obligated to file a Registration
Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a), 2(c) or 2(d), the Company will
use its reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable
Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof
(provided that such intended method of distribution shall not include an
underwritten offering) and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the
following obligations:

                  a.       The Company shall submit to the SEC, within two (2)
Business Days after the Company learns that no review of a particular
Registration Statement will be made by the staff of the SEC or that the staff
has no further comments on a particular Registration Statement, as the case may
be, a request for acceleration of effectiveness of such Registration Statement
to a time and date not later than 48 hours after the submission of such request.
The Company shall keep each Registration Statement effective pursuant to Rule
415 at all times until the earlier of (i) the date as of which the Investors may
sell all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
without restriction pursuant to Rule 144(k) (or successor thereto) promulgated
under the 1933 Act or (ii) the date on which the Investors shall have sold all
the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (the
"REGISTRATION PERIOD"). The Company shall ensure that each Registration
Statement (including


                                       3
<PAGE>


any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein
(in the case of prospectuses, in the light of the circumstances in which they
were made) not misleading.

                  b.       The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such
amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to a
Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection with such
Registration Statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424
promulgated under the 1933 Act, as may be necessary to keep such Registration
Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period, and, during
such period, comply with the provisions of the 1933 Act with respect to the
disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by such
Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities
shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of
disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such Registration
Statement. In the case of amendments and supplements to a Registration Statement
which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to
this Section 3(b)) by reason of the Company filing a report on Form 10-K, Form
10-Q or Form 8-K or any analogous report under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the "1934 ACT"), the Company shall have incorporated such
report by reference into such Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall
file such amendments or supplements with the SEC on the same day on which the
1934 Act report is filed which created the requirement for the Company to amend
or supplement such Registration Statement.

                  c.       The Company shall (A) permit one legal counsel
("LEGAL COUNSEL"), which shall be Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP or such
other counsel as thereafter designated by the holders of at least two-thirds of
the Registrable Securities to review and comment upon (i) a Registration
Statement at least three (3) Business Days prior to its filing with the SEC and
(ii) all amendments and supplements to all Registration Statements (except for
Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports
on Form 8-K and any similar or successor reports) within a reasonable number of
days prior to their filing with the SEC, and (B) not file any Registration
Statement or amendment or supplement thereto in a form to which Legal Counsel
reasonably objects. The Company shall not submit a request for acceleration of
the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement
thereto without the prior approval of Legal Counsel, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Company shall furnish to Legal Counsel,
without charge, (i) copies of any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of
the SEC to the Company or its representatives relating to any Registration
Statement, (ii) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, one
copy of any Registration Statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including
financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by
reference, if requested by an Investor, and all exhibits and (iii) upon the
effectiveness of any Registration Statement, one copy of the prospectus included
in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto. The
Company shall reasonably cooperate with Legal Counsel in performing the
Company's obligations pursuant to this Section 3.

                  d.       The Company shall furnish to each Investor whose
Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement, without
charge, (i) promptly after the


                                       4
<PAGE>


same is prepared and filed with the SEC, at least one copy of such Registration
Statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including financial statements and
schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference, if requested by an
Investor, all exhibits and each preliminary prospectus, (ii) upon the
effectiveness of any Registration Statement, ten (10) copies of the prospectus
included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements
thereto (or such other number of copies as such Investor may reasonably request)
and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final
prospectus, as such Investor may reasonably request from time to time in order
to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such
Investor.

                  e.       The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to
(i) register and qualify, unless an exemption from registration and
qualification applies, the resale by Investors of the Registrable Securities
covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or "blue sky"
laws of all applicable jurisdictions in the United States, (ii) prepare and file
in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments)
and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to
maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take
such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and
qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv)
take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the
Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that
the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition
thereto to (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not
otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(e), (y) subject itself
to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to
service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify
Legal Counsel and each Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt
by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the
registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale
under the securities or "blue sky" laws of any jurisdiction in the United States
or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any
proceeding for such purpose.

                  f.       The Company shall notify Legal Counsel and each
Investor in writing of the happening of any event, as promptly as practicable
after becoming aware of such event, as a result of which the prospectus included
in a Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of
a material fact or omission to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided that in no
event shall such notice contain any material, nonpublic information), and,
subject to Section 3(r), promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such
Registration Statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver
ten (10) copies of such supplement or amendment to Legal Counsel and each
Investor (or such other number of copies as Legal Counsel or such Investor may
reasonably request). The Company shall also promptly notify Legal Counsel and
each Investor in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or
post-effective amendment has been filed, and when a Registration Statement or
any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such
effectiveness shall be delivered to Legal Counsel and each Investor by facsimile
on the same day of such effectiveness and by overnight mail), (ii) of any
request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to a Registration Statement or
related prospectus or related


                                       5
<PAGE>


information, and (iii) of the Company's reasonable determination that a
post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate.

                  g.       The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to
prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of a
Registration Statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any of the
Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or
suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at
the earliest possible moment and to notify Legal Counsel and each Investor who
holds Registrable Securities being sold of the issuance of such order and the
resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat
of any proceeding for such purpose.

                  h.       At the reasonable request of any Investor, the
Company shall furnish to such Investor, within five (5) Business Days following
the date of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement (i) a letter, dated
such date, from the Company's independent certified public accountants in form
and substance as is customarily given by independent certified public
accountants to underwriters in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the
Investors, and (ii) opinions, dated as of such date, of the Company's General
Counsel as to internal matters, in form, scope and substance as is customarily
given in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the Investors.

                  i.       The Company shall make available for inspection by
(i) one Investor (as may be designated by the holders of at least two-thirds of
the Registrable Securities), (ii) Legal Counsel and (iii) one firm of
accountants or other agents retained by the Investors (collectively, the
"INSPECTORS"), all pertinent financial and other records, and pertinent
corporate documents and properties of the Company (collectively, the "RECORDS"),
as shall be reasonably deemed necessary by each Inspector, and cause the
Company's officers, directors and employees to supply all information which any
Inspector may reasonably request; provided, however, that each Inspector shall
agree to hold in strict confidence and shall not make any disclosure (except to
an Investor) or use of any Record or other information which the Company
determines in good faith to be confidential, and of which determination the
Inspectors are so notified, unless (a) the disclosure of such Records is
necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration
Statement or is otherwise required under the 1933 Act, (b) the release of such
Records is ordered pursuant to a final, non-appealable subpoena or order from a
court or government body of competent jurisdiction, or (c) the information in
such Records has been made generally available to the public other than by
disclosure in violation of this or any other agreement of which the Inspector
has knowledge. Each Investor agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure
of such Records is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent
jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt notice to the Company and allow
the Company, at its expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent
disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, the Records deemed
confidential. Nothing herein (or in any other confidentiality agreement between
the Company and any Investor) shall be deemed to limit the Investors' ability to
sell Registrable Securities in a manner which is otherwise consistent with
applicable laws and regulations.

                  j.       The Company shall hold in confidence and not make any
disclosure of information concerning an Investor provided to the Company unless
(i) disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state
securities laws, (ii) the


                                       6
<PAGE>


disclosure of such information is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement
or omission in any Registration Statement, (iii) the release of such information
is ordered pursuant to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable order from a
court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such information
has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in
violation of this Agreement or any other agreement. The Company agrees that it
shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning an Investor
is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or
through other means, give prompt written notice to such Investor and allow such
Investor, at the Investor's expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent
disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such information.

                  k.       The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts
either to (i) cause all the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration
Statement to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the
same class or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the
listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules of such
exchange, or (ii) secure designation and quotation of all the Registrable
Securities covered by a Registration Statement on the Nasdaq National Market, or
(iii) if, despite the Company's reasonable best efforts to satisfy the preceding
clause (i) or (ii), the Company is unsuccessful in satisfying the preceding
clause (i) or (ii), to secure the inclusion for quotation on The Nasdaq SmallCap
Market for such Registrable Securities and, without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, to use its reasonable best efforts to arrange for at least two
market makers to register with the National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc. ("NASD") as such with respect to such Registrable Securities. The Company
shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation
under this Section 3(k).

                  l.       The Company shall cooperate with the Investors who
hold Registrable Securities being offered and, to the extent applicable,
facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (not bearing any
restrictive legend) representing the Registrable Securities to be offered
pursuant to a Registration Statement and enable such certificates to be in such
denominations or amounts, as the case may be, as the Investors may reasonably
request and registered in such names as the Investors may request.

                  m.       If requested by an Investor, the Company shall (i) as
soon as practicable incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment such information as an Investor reasonably requests to be included
therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities,
including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of
Registrable Securities being offered or sold, the purchase price being paid
therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities to be
sold in such offering; (ii) as soon as practicable make all required filings of
such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment after being notified of
the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment; and (iii) as soon as practicable, supplement or make amendments to
any Registration Statement if reasonably requested by an Investor holding any
Registrable Securities.

                  n.       The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to
cause the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to be
registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities
as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable
Securities.


                                       7
<PAGE>


                  o.       The Company shall make generally available to its
security holders as soon as practical, but not later than ninety (90) days after
the close of the period covered thereby, an earnings statement (in form
complying with, and in the manner provided by, the provisions of Rule 158 under
the 1933 Act) covering a twelve-month period beginning not later than the first
day of the Company's fiscal quarter next following the effective date of a
Registration Statement.

                  p.       The Company shall otherwise use its reasonable best
efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC in
connection with any registration hereunder.

                  q.       Within two (2) Business Days after a Registration
Statement which covers Registrable Securities is ordered effective by the SEC,
the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to
deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities (with copies to
the Investors whose Registrable Securities are included in such Registration
Statement) confirmation that such Registration Statement has been declared
effective by the SEC in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

                  r.       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, at
any time after the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the
SEC, the Company may delay the disclosure of material non-public information
concerning the Company the disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good
faith opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company and its counsel, in the
best interest of the Company and, based upon the advice of counsel to the
Company, otherwise required (a "GRACE PERIOD"); provided, that the Company shall
promptly (i) notify the Investors in writing of the existence of material
non-public information giving rise to a Grace Period (provided that in each
notice the Company will not disclose the content of such material non-public
information to the Investors) and the date on which the Grace Period will begin,
and (ii) notify the Investors in writing of the date on which the Grace Period
ends; and, provided further, that no Grace Period shall exceed fifteen (15)
consecutive days and during any three hundred sixty five (365) day period such
Grace Periods shall not exceed an aggregate of forty-five (45) days and the
first day of any Grace Period must be at least two (2) trading days after the
last day of any prior Grace Period (each, an "ALLOWABLE GRACE PERIOD"). For
purposes of determining the length of a Grace Period above, the Grace Period
shall begin on and include the date the Investors receive the notice referred to
in clause (i) and shall end on and include the later of the date the Investors
receive the notice referred to in clause (ii) and the date referred to in such
notice. The provisions of Section 3(f) hereof shall not be applicable during the
period of any Allowable Grace Period. Upon expiration of the Grace Period, the
Company shall again be bound by the first sentence of Section 3(f) with respect
to the information giving rise thereto unless such material non-public
information is no longer applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary,
the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver unlegended shares of
Common Stock to a transferee of an Investor in accordance with the terms of the
Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable
Securities with respect to which an Investor has entered into a contract for
sale, and delivered a copy of the prospectus included as part of the applicable
Registration Statement, prior to the Investor's receipt of the notice of a Grace
Period and for which the Investor has not yet settled.


                                       8
<PAGE>


         4.       Liquidated Damages.

                  (i)      In the event that the Registration Statement is not
filed within thirty (30) days following the Closing Date or is not declared
effective within sixty (60) days following the Closing Date (or, in the event
the Company receives oral or written notice from the SEC that it intends to
review the Registration Statement, within one hundred eighty (180) days
following the Closing Date), the Company shall pay to the Buyer liquidated
damages (in addition to the rights and remedies available to the Buyer under
applicable law and this Agreement) at a rate equal to one percent (1%) for every
thirty days after such failure (pro rata for partial months) of the total
purchase price of the Common Stock purchased by the Buyer pursuant to this
Agreement. Such liquidated damages shall be payable monthly in cash. If the
Company receives oral notice from the SEC that it intends to review the
Registration Statement, the Company shall promptly notify the Buyer and Legal
Counsel.

                  (ii)     In the event that the Registration Statement is filed
and declared effective but shall thereafter cease to be effective or useable or
the prospectus included in the Registration Statement (as amended or
supplemented by any prospectus supplement and by all other amendments thereto
and all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus) ceases to be
usable, in either case, in connection with the resale of Registrable Securities,
without such lapse being cured within fifteen (15) days (the "CURE PERIOD"),
with the maximum number of days in any Cure Periods during any 365 day period
not to exceed forty-five (45) days, by a post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement, a supplement to the prospectus or a report filed with
the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act that cures
such lapse, then the Company shall pay to the Buyer liquidated damages (in
addition to the rights and remedies available to the Buyer under applicable law
and this Agreement), for the period from and including the first day following
the expiration of the Cure Period (or number of days in such Cure Periods
exceeding the aforementioned forty-five (45) days) until, but excluding the date
on which such failure is cured, at a rate equal to one percent (1%) for every
thirty days after such failure (pro rata for partial months) of the total
purchase price of the Common Stock purchased by the Buyer pursuant to this
Agreement and still held by the Buyer. Such liquidated damages shall be payable
monthly in cash.

         5.       Obligations Of The Investors.

                  a.       At least five (5) Business Days prior to the first
anticipated filing date of a Registration Statement, the Company shall notify
each Investor in writing of the information the Company requires from each such
Investor if such Investor elects to have any of such Investor's Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement. It shall be a condition
precedent to the obligations of the Company to complete the registration
pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Registrable Securities of a
particular Investor that such Investor shall furnish to the Company such
information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it and the
intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as shall
be reasonably required to effect the effectiveness of the registration of such
Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such
registration as the Company may reasonably request.


                                       9
<PAGE>


                  b.       Each Investor, by such Investor's acceptance of the
Registrable Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably
requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any
Registration Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company
in writing of such Investor's election to exclude all of such Investor's
Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement.

                  c.       Each Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice
from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section
3(g) or the first sentence of 3(f), such Investor will immediately discontinue
disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement(s)
covering such Registrable Securities until such Investor's receipt of the copies
of the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(g) or the
first sentence of 3(f) or receipt of notice that no supplement or amendment is
required. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall cause its
transfer agent to deliver unlegended shares of Common Stock to a transferee of
an Investor in accordance with the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement in
connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which an
Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investor's receipt of
a notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in
Section 3(g) or the first sentence of 3(f) and for which the Investor has not
yet settled.

         6.       Expenses Of Registration.

         The Company shall pay all reasonable expenses, other than underwriting
discounts and commissions, incurred in connection with the performance of its
obligations hereunder and under the transactions contemplated hereby, including
the registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, and
including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications
fees, printers and accounting fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company. The Company shall also reimburse the Investors for the fees and
disbursements of Legal Counsel in connection with registration, filing or
qualification pursuant to Sections 2 and 3 of this Agreement which amount shall
be limited to $5,000 for each Registration Statement.

         7.       Indemnification.

         In the event any Registrable Securities are included in a Registration
Statement under this Agreement:

                  a.       To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company
will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend each Investor, the
directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives of, and each
Person, if any, who controls any Investor within the meaning of the 1933 Act or
the 1934 Act (each, an "INDEMNIFIED PERSON"), against any losses, claims,
damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, reasonable
attorneys' fees, amounts paid in settlement or reasonable expenses, joint or
several, (collectively, "CLAIMS") incurred in investigating, preparing or
defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal
taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative
or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened,
whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto ("INDEMNIFIED
DAMAGES"), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or
actions or


                                       10
<PAGE>


proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of
or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact in a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment
thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the
offering under the securities or other "blue sky" laws of any jurisdiction in
which Registrable Securities are offered ("BLUE SKY FILING"), or the omission or
alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any
preliminary prospectus if used prior to the effective date of such Registration
Statement, or contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if
the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or
the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to
make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the
statements therein were made, not misleading, (iii) any violation or alleged
violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, any other law,
including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or
regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable
Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement or (iv) any material violation
of this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv) being,
collectively, "VIOLATIONS"). Subject to Section 7(c), the Company shall
reimburse the Indemnified Persons, promptly as such expenses are incurred and
are due and payable, for any legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by
them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification
agreement contained in this Section 7(a): (i) shall not apply to a Claim by an
Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in
reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the
Company by such Indemnified Person for such Indemnified Person expressly for use
in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement or any such
amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made
available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(d); (ii) with respect to any
preliminary prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such person from
whom the person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities
that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any person controlling such
person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the
preliminary prospectus was corrected in the prospectus, as then amended or
supplemented, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company
pursuant to Section 3(d), and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in
writing not to use the incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a
violation and such Indemnified Person, notwithstanding such advice, used it or
failed to deliver the correct prospectus as required by the 1933 Act and such
correct prospectus was timely made available pursuant to Section 3(d); (iii)
shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the
Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by
the Company, including a corrected prospectus, if such prospectus or corrected
prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(d);
and (iv) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such
settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Such indemnity shall
remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the
Registrable Securities by the Investors pursuant to Section 10.

                  b.       In connection with any Registration Statement in
which an Investor is participating, each such Investor agrees to severally and
not jointly indemnify, hold


                                       11
<PAGE>


harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth
in Section 7(a), the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who
signs the Registration Statement and each Person, if any, who controls the
Company within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act (each, an
"INDEMNIFIED PARTY"), against any Claim or Indemnified Damages to which any of
them may become subject, under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, insofar
as such Claim or Indemnified Damages arise out of or are based upon any
Violation, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such
Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information
furnished to the Company by such Investor expressly for use in connection with
such Registration Statement; and, subject to Section 7(c), such Investor will
reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by an Indemnified
Party in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim; provided,
however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 7(b) and the
agreement with respect to contribution contained in Section 8 shall not apply to
amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without
the prior written consent of such Investor, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, further, however, that the Investor
shall be liable under this Section 7(b) for only that amount of a Claim or
Indemnified Damages as does not exceed the net proceeds to such Investor as a
result of the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration
Statement. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of
any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall
survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investors pursuant to
Section 10. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
indemnification agreement contained in this Section 7(b) with respect to any
preliminary prospectus shall not inure to the benefit of any Indemnified Party
if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the
preliminary prospectus was corrected on a timely basis in the prospectus, as
then amended or supplemented.

                  c.       Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or
Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any
action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving
a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in
respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section
7, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement
thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and,
to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other
indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof
with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Person or the
Indemnified Party, as the case may be; provided, however, that an Indemnified
Person or Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel with
the fees and expenses of not more than one counsel for such Indemnified Person
or Indemnified Party to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable
conclusion of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party, the representation by
such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying
party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests
between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party
represented by such counsel in such proceeding. In the case of an Indemnified
Person, legal counsel referred to in the immediately preceding sentence shall be
selected by the Investors holding at least two-thirds in interest of the
Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement to which the Claim
relates. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with
the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such
action or Claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying
party all


                                       12
<PAGE>


information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person
which relates to such action or Claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the
Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person reasonably apprised at all times as to
the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto.
No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or
proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however, that
the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its
consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the
Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or
enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an
unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such
Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person of a release from all liability in
respect to such Claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for
hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the
Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms
or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made.
The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a
reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such
indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified
Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is
prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

                  d.       The indemnification required by this Section 7 shall
be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the
investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages
are incurred.

                  e.       The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in
addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or
Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any
liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law.

         8.       Contribution.

         To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is
prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable
under Section 7 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that:
(i) no person involved in the sale of Registrable Securities which person is
guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of
the 1933 Act) in connection with such sale shall be entitled to contribution
from any person involved in such sale of Registrable Securities who was not
guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of
Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds
received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities pursuant to
such Registration Statement.

         9.       Reports Under The 1934 Act.

         With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule
144 promulgated under the 1933 Act or any other similar rule or regulation of
the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell securities of the
Company to the public without registration ("RULE 144"), the Company agrees to:


                                       13
<PAGE>


                  a.       make and keep public information available, as those
terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

                  b.       file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and
other documents required of the Company under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act so
long as the Company remains subject to such requirements (it being understood
that nothing herein shall limit the Company's obligations under Section 4(c) of
the Securities Purchase Agreement) and the filing of such reports and other
documents is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144; and

                  c.       furnish to each Investor so long as such Investor
owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by
the Company, if true, that it has complied with the reporting requirements of
Rule 144, the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual
or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed
by the Company, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested
to permit the Investors to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without
registration.

         10.      Assignment of Registration Rights.

         The rights under this Agreement shall be automatically assignable by
the Investors to any transferee of all or any portion of such Investor's
Registrable Securities if: (i) the Investor agrees in writing with the
transferee or assignee to assign such rights, and a copy of such agreement is
furnished to the Company within a reasonable time after such assignment; (ii)
the Company is, within a reasonable time after such transfer or assignment,
furnished with written notice of (a) the name and address of such transferee or
assignee, and (b) the securities with respect to which such registration rights
are being transferred or assigned; (iii) immediately following such transfer or
assignment the further disposition of such securities by the transferee or
assignee is restricted under the 1933 Act and applicable state securities laws;
(iv) at or before the time the Company receives the written notice contemplated
by clause (ii) of this sentence the transferee or assignee agrees in writing
with the Company to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein; and (v)
such transfer shall have been made in accordance with the applicable
requirements of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

         11.      Amendment of Registration Rights.

         Provisions of this Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof
may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company
and Investors who then hold at least two-thirds of the Registrable Securities.
Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 11 shall be
binding upon each Investor and the Company. No such amendment shall be effective
to the extent that it applies to less than all of the holders of the Registrable
Securities. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or
consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any of this Agreement
unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this
Agreement.


                                       14
<PAGE>


         12.      Miscellaneous.

                  a.       A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable
Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such
Registrable Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions,
notices or elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same
Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions,
notice or election received from the such record owner of such Registrable
Securities.

                  b.       Any notices, consents, waivers or other
communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this
Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon
receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile
(provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically
generated and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one Business Day
after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each
case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and
facsimile numbers for such communications shall be:

                  If to the Company:

                    Viewpoint Corporation
                    498 Seventh Avenue, Suite 1810
                    New York, New York 10018
                    Telephone: (212) 201-0800
                    Facsimile: (212) 201-0801
                    Attention: General Counsel

                  If to Legal Counsel:

                    Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP
                    590 Madison Avenue
                    New York, New York 10022
                    Telephone: (212) 872-1068
                    Facsimile: (212) 872-1000
                    Attention: Stephen E. Older, Esq.

If to the Buyer, to its address and facsimile number set forth on the Schedule
of Buyers attached hereto, with copies to the Buyer's representatives as set
forth on the Schedule of Buyers, or to such other address and/or facsimile
number and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has
specified by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the
effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the
recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B)
mechanically or electronically generated by the sender's facsimile machine
containing the time, date, recipient facsimile number and an image of the first
page of such transmission or (C) provided by a courier or overnight courier
service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by facsimile
or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance
with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.


                                       15
<PAGE>


                  c.       Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy
under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right
or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

                  d.       All questions concerning the construction, validity,
enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the
internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of
law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or
any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any
jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably
submits to the non- exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
sitting The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any
dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated
hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to
assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or
proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit,
action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action
or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such
notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any
manner permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that
jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this
Agreement in any other jurisdiction. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION
OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

                  e.       This Agreement, the Securities Purchase Agreement and
the instruments referenced herein and therein constitute the entire agreement
among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.
There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than
those set forth or referred to herein and therein. This Agreement, the
Securities Purchase Agreement and the instruments referenced herein and therein
supersede all prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

                  f.       Subject to the requirements of Section 10, this
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the permitted
successors and assigns of each of the parties hereto.

                  g.       The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

                  h.       This Agreement may be executed in identical
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall
constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party,
may be delivered to the other party hereto by


                                       16
<PAGE>


facsimile transmission of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the
party so delivering this Agreement.

                  i.       Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done
and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver
all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other
party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the
purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby.

                  j.       All consents and other determinations required to be
made by the Investors pursuant to this Agreement shall be made, unless otherwise
specified in this Agreement, by Investors holding at least two-thirds of the
Registrable Securities.

                  k.       The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to
be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no
rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

                  l.       This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not
for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other
Person.

                                   * * * * * *













                                       17
<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused their respective signature
page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of day and
year first above written.

                                       COMPANY:

                                       VIEWPOINT CORPORATION



                                       By:  /s/ Jerry S. Amato
                                          ----------------------------------
                                          Name:  Jerry S. Amato
                                          Title:  Chief Executive Officer













                [Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]



<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused their respective signature
page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of day and
year first above written.


                                       BUYER:

                                       EAGLEROCK MASTER FUND, LP

                                       By: /s/ Nader Tavakoli
                                          ---------------------------------
                                            Name:  Nader Tavakoli
                                            Title: Authorized Signatory









                [Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]


<PAGE>


                               SCHEDULE OF BUYERS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                  INVESTOR ADDRESS                    INVESTOR'S REPRESENTATIVE'S
             INVESTOR                           AND FACSIMILE NUMBER                            ADDRESS
             --------                           --------------------                     AND FACSIMILE NUMBER
                                                                                         --------------------
<S>                                  <C>                                          <C>
EagleRock Master Fund, LP,           c/o EagleRock Capital Management LLC         Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld  LLP
a Cayman Islands limited             551 Fifth Avenue, 34th Floor                 590 Madison Avenue
partnership                          New York, NY 10176                           New York, New York 10022
                                     Attention: Nader Tavakoli                    Attention: Stephen Older, Esq.
                                     Facsimile: (212) 681-6096                    Facsimile: (212) 872-1002
                                     Telephone: (212) 692-5418                    Telephone: (212) 872-1068
</Table>


<PAGE>






                                                                       EXHIBIT A


                         FORM OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS
                            OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT

[Transfer Agent]
Attn:

    Re:  Viewpoint Corporation

Ladies and Gentlemen:

         [We are counsel to][I am the General Counsel of] Viewpoint Corporation,
a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and have represented the Company in
connection with that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December
__, 2004 (the "Purchase Agreement"), entered into by and among the Company and
the Buyer named therein (collectively, the "Holders") pursuant to which the
Company issued to the Holders shares of the Company's Common Stock, par value
$0.001 per share (the "Common Stock"). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the
Company also has entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Holders
(the "Registration Rights Agreement") pursuant to which the Company agreed,
among other things, to register the Registrable Securities (as defined in the
Registration Rights Agreement) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"1933 Act"). In connection with the Company's obligations under the Registration
Rights Agreement, on ____________ ___, 200_, the Company filed a Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-_____________) (the "Registration
Statement") with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") relating to
the Registrable Securities which names each of the Holders as a selling
stockholder thereunder.

         In connection with the foregoing, [we][I] advise you that a member of
the SEC's staff has advised [us][me] by telephone that the SEC has entered an
order declaring the Registration Statement effective under the 1933 Act at
[ENTER TIME OF EFFECTIVENESS] on [ENTER DATE OF EFFECTIVENESS] and [we][I] have
no knowledge, after telephonic inquiry of a member of the SEC's staff, that any
stop order suspending its effectiveness has been issued or that any proceedings
for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC and the
Registrable Securities are available for resale under the 1933 Act pursuant to
the Registration Statement.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          [ISSUER'S COUNSEL][GENERAL COUNSEL]

                                          By:
                                             ---------------------------


CC:  [LIST NAMES OF HOLDERS]


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>y04076exv99w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1


                VIEWPOINT CORPORATION COMPLETES PRIVATE PLACEMENT

NEW YORK, NY - DECEMBER 22, 2004 - Viewpoint Corporation (NASDAQ: VWPT) - a
leading provider of Internet graphics and delivery systems - announced today
that it completed a private placement of Viewpoint common stock with an
institutional investor. Viewpoint issued 1,886,792 shares of common stock in the
transaction at a price of $2.65 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of
approximately $5,000,000.

The securities issued in the private placement have not been registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold in the
United States by the investor absent registration under the Securities Act or an
applicable exemption from the registration requirements of such act. In
connection with the private placement, Viewpoint has agreed to file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement covering the shares
issued in the private placement.

"The addition of $5,000,000 in cash improves our liquidity position and gives us
additional resources for financing the Unicast transaction and operating that
expanded unit," commented William H. Mitchell, chief financial officer of
Viewpoint.

"This financing combined with the Unicast acquisition agreement, the continuing
rapid adoption of the Viewpoint Toolbar now numbering over 8 million, and our
continued confidence in achieving positive EBITDA for the fourth quarter of
2004, represent several solid achievements this quarter," remarked Jay Amato,
chief executive officer of Viewpoint.

ABOUT VIEWPOINT
The Viewpoint Platform is the technology behind some of the most innovative,
visual experiences on the Web and on the desktop with leading clients such as
America Online, General Electric, General Motors, Hewlett Packard, IBM, Lexus,
Microsoft, Samsung, Scion, Sony and Toyota. Creative Innovator - the Company's
next-generation ad deployment and management system - and the Viewpoint Toolbar
- - the Vision for the Future of Search - are the latest breakthrough technologies
using the full power of the Viewpoint Platform. More information on Viewpoint
can be found at www.viewpoint.com.
The company has approximately 100 employees at its headquarters in New York City
and its office in Los Angeles.

Viewpoint is a registered trademark of Viewpoint Corporation. Copyright 2004
Viewpoint Corporation. All rights reserved.






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
