
                                                                      Exhibit 99

            GREAT WESTERN LAND AND RECREATION NAMES JEROME JOSEPH CFO

    SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., Dec. 20 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Great Western Land
and Recreation Inc. (OTC Bulletin Board: GWES), a real estate development
company with urban and ranch land in various stages of development in the
Southwest, today announced that Jerome L. Joseph, 46, has been appointed
senior vice president and chief financial officer.

    Joseph had been chief financial officer for seven years at NZ Corporation,
a former American Stock Exchange company active in real estate development and
management, including single-family lots, recreational ranch properties,
minerals, and industrial buildings. Through its subsidiary, Bridge Financial
Corporation, NZ also was a commercial real estate lender specializing in
short-term bridge loans in most sectors of the real estate market.  Joseph
helped guide NZ through a reverse merger with Lipid Sciences, Inc., which is
traded on Nasdaq. He also has several years experience as a senior financial
executive with local and national homebuilders.

    "We expect Joe's extensive background as a financial executive in the real
estate industry to immediately begin benefiting Great Western Land and
Recreation as we move forward with our growth initiatives," said Jay N. Torok,
chairman and chief executive officer. "Of particular interest was his
experience in single-family homebuilding, an area to which we plan to expand
in addition to our core businesses of developing land for sale to homebuilders
and recreational users and building condominium projects."

    Great Western Land and Recreation Inc. is the product of a merger in
February 2003 between 1st Realty Investments Inc., a public company, and Great
Western, a real estate development company that was wholly owned by Amortibanc
Investments LC, one of Kansas' oldest mortgage and investment banking firms.
Great Western's activity is focused in two of the nation's fastest-growing
major metropolitan areas, Houston and Phoenix. It is also developing a major
ranch property in rural Arizona. Great Western's common stock is quoted on the
Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board under ticker symbol GWES. Additional
information is available at http://www.gwland.com or
http://www.tirc.com/invest/Great_Western .

    This news release may contain certain statements that constitute "forward-
looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are often characterized by the
use of words such as "may," "believes," "plans," "will," "anticipates,"
"estimates," "expects," or "intends" or by discussions of strategy, plans or
intentions. All forward-looking statements in this news release, including
statements regarding sales, new projects and financing of capital
expenditures, are made based on the company's current expectations and
estimates, which involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could

<PAGE>

cause results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking
statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to,
general economic conditions, competitive factors, real estate market
conditions, changing demographic conditions, adverse weather conditions and
natural disasters, delays in construction schedules, the availability of
qualified third-party contractors, cost overruns, changes in government
regulations or requirements, increases in real estate taxes and other local
government fees, the company's ability to locate new projects and to finance
the acquisition and development of these projects on acceptable terms, changes
in interest rates, the unpredictability of the timing of real estate sales and
the cost of land, materials and labor. Additional information is included in
the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and can be
found at http://www.sec.gov/edgar .  Great Western Land and Recreation assumes
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect anticipated
or unanticipated events or circumstances occurring after the date of this news
release.

SOURCE  Great Western Land and Recreation Inc.
    -0-                             12/20/2004
    /CONTACT:  Jerome L. Joseph, Sr. V. P. and CFO of Great Western Land and
Recreation, +1-480-949-6007; or Karl Plath or Brien Gately, both of The
Investor Relations Co., +1-847-296-4200/
    /Web site:  http://www.gwland.com
                http://www.tirc.com/invest/Great_Western /

