
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1


Minera Andes
Incorporated

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TSX-V: MAI                        NEWS RELEASE                 NASD-OTCBB: MNEAF
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


              MINERA ANDES' SILVER/GOLD PROJECT AGREEMENT AMENDED;
                              PILOT PLANT BYPASSED

SPOKANE, WASHINGTON - October 20, 2004 - Minera Andes Inc's (TSX-V: MAI; NASD
OTCBB: MNEAF) advanced-stage San Jose silver/gold project in southern Argentina
can proceed directly to a large-scale milling operation under an agreement
reached with the project's operating partner.

An amendment to the joint venture agreement eliminates a requirement for initial
preliminary production from a 50 ton-per-day (tpd) pilot plant to process mined
ore if the Huevos Verdes vein proceeds to production. The amendment allows the
parties to eliminate the costly pilot plant and proceed directly to full
production based on a positive bankable feasibility study. The Huevos Verdes
vein, part of the 98,800-acre San Jose silver/gold project, is held in the joint
venture's Argentine company, Minera Santa Cruz (MSC). This company the operator
of the joint venture is co-owned 49 percent by Minera Andes and 51 percent by,
Mauricio Hochschild & Cia. Ltda. (MHC) of Lima, Peru.

As exploration and construction has advanced at Huevos Verdes, it has become
apparent that a costly pilot plant can be eliminated by using a smaller,
off-site bench-scale pilot plant at a metallurgical laboratory. Eliminating the
50 tpd pilot plant will save considerable time and money should a positive
feasibility study be produced early next year. Underground construction and
exploration has revealed higher grade silver/gold mineralization than was
discovered in surface drilling, as well as previously unknown parallel veins and
mineralized offshoots from the main Huevos Verdes vein. The new discoveries hold
potential for increased production tonnage.

Allen V. Ambrose, president of Minera Andes, said, "We recognize that projects
can evolve as more work is done. Time and money will be saved through lab-scale
testing instead of building a pilot plant. This will allow us to get to
potential production sooner, resulting in more income to the partners earlier
than the original scenario."

A bankable feasibility study is now underway by MSC to determine an initial
optimum mill capacity for Huevos Verdes. The study is being managed by MTB
Project Management Professionals, Inc., of Denver. The purpose of the
feasibility study, due for completion in early 2005, is to provide an
independent third party determination of the technical and economic viability of
Huevos Verdes.

The property payment structure from MHC to Minera Andes has also been changed in
the amendment where original payments totaled US$400,000 a year until a 50-ton
per day pilot was built. In lieu of building the pilot plant, Minera Andes will


Minera Andes Inc.                                     News Release 04-24- Page 1

<PAGE>


receive reduced payments from MHC of US$200,000 annually that will continue
until a positive feasibility study is received and the MSC board of directors
approves a project financing plan.

Huevos Verdes is Minera Andes' most advanced project and is located in the San
Jose project, a 98,800-acre mining district-size region with about ten other
known gold/silver targets at earlier stages of exploration. Currently, four
veins totaling about 32 km of strike length have been identified at San Jose.
Only 2.2 km of the Huevos Verdes vein system has been drill-tested, or less than
half of its presently known 5 km of strike length. The mineralization at Huevos
Verdes is open at depth and laterally.

Minera Andes is funded with working capital of approximately US$3.5 million for
its exploration and underground construction programs. Minera Andes is a mining
exploration company focused on gold, silver and copper exploration in Argentina
where it holds about 200,000 hectares (500,000 acres) of mineral exploration
land and co-owns the advanced stage San Jose silver/gold project. Minera Andes
has also discovered an enriched copper zone at its Los Azules property, and is
acquiring other exploration targets in southern Argentina. The Corporation
presently has 70,607,990 issued and outstanding shares.

For further information, please contact: Art Johnson at the Spokane office, or
Krister A. Kottmeier, investor relations - Canada, at the Vancouver office.
Visit our Web site: www.minandes.com.

    Spokane Office                           Vancouver Office
    111 East Magnesium Rd., Suite A          1000-355 Burrard Street
    Spokane, WA 99208 USA                    Vancouver, B.C. V6C 2G8
    Phone: (509) 921-7322                    Phone: (604) 689-7017; 877-689-7018
    E-mail: mineraandes@minandes.com         E-mail: ircanada@minandes.com
            ------------------------                 ---------------------

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT-- Although Minera Andes believes many of its
properties have promising potential, its properties are in the early stages of
exploration. None have yet been shown to contain proven or probable mineral
reserves. There can be no assurance that such reserves will be identified on any
property, or that, if identified, mineralization may be economically extracted.
In addition, Minera Andes' joint venture partner, Mauricio Hochschild & Cia.
Ltda., does not accept responsibility for the use of project data or in the
adequacy or accuracy of this release.

THE TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE HAS NOT REVIEWED AND DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR
THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASE.


Minera Andes Inc.                                     News Release 04-24- Page 2

