
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1


DPL Names Chief Financial Officer

DAYTON, Ohio--Dec. 21, 2004--DPL Inc. (NYSE:DPL) today announced the appointment
of John J. Gillen as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of DPL
Inc. and DP&L. John will be responsible for all financial, accounting, and
treasury functions. Previously, John was the leader of the Consumer and
Industrial Products and Services Group for the Philadelphia office of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), and the partner responsible for serving many
of the firm's major multinational utility clients.

"John brings a wealth of management experience as well as electric industry
knowledge to the CFO position," stated Bob Biggs, Executive Chairman. "His prior
experience in the utility field required representation and advice on numerous
issues within the jurisdiction and practice of the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission and the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission."

Prior to joining PwC, John spent three years as a member of the Office of the
Chief Accountant of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. In his more than
20 years in the energy field, John has testified on a variety of accounting,
ratemaking and tax matters before numerous state regulatory commissions.

John is a graduate of Widener University, a member of the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants, and past Chairman of the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants Public Utility Committee.

John, 51, is married with three children.

About DPL

DPL Inc. is a diversified regional energy company. DPL's principal subsidiaries
include The Dayton Power & Light Company (DP&L) and DPL Energy. DP&L provides
electric services to over 500,000 retail customers in West Central Ohio. DPL
Energy markets over 4,400 megawatts of generation capacity throughout the
eastern United States. DPL Inc., through its subsidiaries, ranks among the top
energy companies in generation efficiency and productivity. Further information
on DPL Inc. can be found at www.dplinc.com.

CONTACT: DPL Inc.
DPL Medialine, 937-224-5940

