


                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

DECEMBER 16, 2004

  STRATEGY INTERNATIONAL INSURANCE GROUP, INC. AND RS GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC.
       ANNOUNCE PROPOSED ACQUISITION OF RS GROUP BY STRATEGY INTERNATIONAL

TORONTO, ON CANADA-RS GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC. (FORMERLY RENT SHIELD CORP.)
(RSGC.OB: OTC BB) and Strategy International Insurance Group, Inc. (SGYI.OB: OTC
BB) today announced that they intend to enter into an agreement that will result
in RS Group's becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Strategy International.

The management teams of both companies have determined that the long-term
objectives of Strategy International and RS Group are converging. Strategy
International and RS Group believe that combining the strengths of both
companies will allow them to pursue new revenue opportunities, while optimizing
administrative economies of scale and investment decisions across the companies.
The move supports Strategy's continuing plan to deliver value to its
risk-management customers across multiple distribution channels while
structuring the transaction to minimize the effect of channel conflict.

The integration of the marketing and investment strength of RS Group into the
underwriting position of Strategy International provides both companies with the
necessary flexibility to provide the best service to their customers and the
efficient marketing of services and enhancement of sustainable customer
relationships. Once the purchase is completed, RS Group will become a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Strategy International. Strategy does not plan to
change RS Group's executive team, strategic direction or branding.

Commenting on this announcement, John Hamilton, CEO of RS Group of Companies,
Inc. said "This integration represents a natural convergence of two operations,
which have complementary abilities and similar long-term objectives. The
combined strength of underwriting expertise and product knowledge will allow
management to fulfill its operational aspirations."

It is anticipated that Strategy International will offer cash and stock, which
would result in a value to RS Group common stock holders of $1.75 per common
share, to acquire RS Group's outstanding common stock (approximately 65 million
shares), representing a 237 percent premium over the closing price of $0.52 on
December 15, 2004. Strategy International, with input from RS Group, is in the
process of determining the most effective method of achieving this acquisition.
The transaction will not be conditioned upon Strategy International obtaining
any financing.

"This acquisition provides Strategy with marketing and management resources that
further enhance the Company's expansion. RS Group's proven product expertise and
administrative capabilities will be an exceptional addition to the Strategy
underwriting group," said Stephen Stonhill, President and CEO of Strategy
International Insurance Group, Inc.

Strategy International expects the transaction to close on or about March 1,
2005, subject to the necessary shareholder and regulatory approvals. Strategy
International estimates that the proposed transaction will be neutral to its
2004 earnings.

ABOUT RS GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC.
- ---------------------------------
RS Group of Companies, Inc. (http://www.rsgc.com) has developed and is
implementing a strategy to design, structure and sell a broad series of
pass-through risk specialty insurance and reinsurance platforms throughout North
America. In November 2003, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, the Company
introduced its core pass-through risk solution, RentShield(TM)
(http://www.rentshieldexpress.com), a Residential Rental Guarantee Program being
offered to North America's $300 billion residential real estate rental market.
It is estimated that there are over 38 million rental units in the United States
and Canada. Rental Guarantee was first developed in Finland to provide surety to
residential property developers and is being used as an extremely effective
marketing tool in the United Kingdom for the buy-to-let market. It protects
investments in the rental units by receiving a guaranteed income on a certain
timeline.

<PAGE>

ABOUT STRATEGY INTERNATIONAL INSURANCE GROUP, INC.
- --------------------------------------------------

Strategy Insurance Limited ("Strategy"), a Barbados-formed and licensed provider
of specialty lines of insurance, reinsurance and structured risk underwriting,
focusing on credit risk and credit enhancement, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Strategy Holding Company Limited, a Barbados company which is itself a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Strategy International Insurance Group, Inc. (OTCBB:
SGYI). Strategy conducts its insurance and reinsurance operations principally
through its subsidiary incorporated in Barbados, West Indies. Strategy has
offices in Barbados, London and Toronto. Strategy currently has a balance sheet
with more that $100 million of net capital which gives the company the
wherewithal to write insurance that would result in over $200 million of premium
income for Strategy.


FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT

Statements included in this press release which are not historical in nature,
are intended to be, and are hereby identified as "Forward Looking Statements"
for purposes of safe harbor provided by Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. Forward Looking Statements may be identified by words
including "anticipate", "await", envision", "foresee", "aim at", "believe",
"intends", estimates" including without limitation, those relating to the
Company's future business prospects, are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
indicated in the Forward Looking Statements. Readers are directed to the
Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for
additional information and a presentation of the risks and uncertainties that
may affect the Company's business and results of operations.




COMPANY CONTACT:                            INVESTOR CONTACT:

PATTI COOKE                                 DAVID ZAZOFF, PRESIDENT
RS GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC.                 ZA CONSULTING
416-391-4223 EXT 4084                       (212) 505-5976
INFO@RSGC.COM                               PRESSRELEASES@ZA-CONSULTING.NET




