
                                                                   Exhibit 10.11


                               THE PROVIDENT BANK
                             2005 BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                           VOLUNTARY FEE DEFERRAL PLAN
                           ---------------------------

     The purpose of The  Provident  Bank 2005 Board of Directors  Voluntary  Fee
Deferral Plan ("Plan") is to to enable any  non-employee  member of the Board of
Directors  ("eligible  member") to defer  future fees  payable to them for their
service as a member of the The  Provident  Bank's Board of Directors  ("Board").
Any  reference  herein to the "Bank"  shall  refer to The  Provident  Bank.  Any
reference herein to the "Company" shall refer to Provident  Financial  Services,
Inc.,  the  Delaware  chartered  stock  holding  company  which holds all of the
outstanding common stock of the Bank.

     This Plan is intended to comply with Internal Revenue Code ("Code") Section
409A and any  regulatory or other  guidance  issued under such  Section.  At the
effective  date of the Plan  additional  guidance was being  promulgated  by the
Department  of Treasury.  Any terms of this Plan that  conflict with such future
guidance shall be null and void as of the effective date of the Plan. After such
guidance  is issued,  the intent is to amend the Plan to delete any  conflicting
provisions and to add such other provisions as are required to fully comply with
Section 409A and any other legislative or regulatory  requirement  applicable to
the Plan. This Plan shall be effective as of January 1, 2005.

     1. Elections. Any eligible member may participate in this Plan by executing
        ---------
a form of deferral  election,  a copy of which is annexed hereto as Exhibit "A",
under which each  calendar  year the eligible  member can elect  irrevocably  to
defer the receipt of 100%,  75%, 50%, or 25% of any fees that may be paid to the
member.  In no event shall any deferral of fees be permitted  which the eligible
member would otherwise have the unrestricted right to receive currently.  Except
for the first year of the Plan,  any  election  by an  eligible  member to defer
future fees shall be made in the calendar year next  preceding the calendar year
the fees would be earned.  In the first year that a member of the Board  becomes
eligible to participate,  the eligible  member's election must be made within 30
days of first becoming  eligible and the election must be made only with respect
to fees for services  performed after the date of the election.  Notwithstanding
the preceding  sentence,  if an eligible member was an eligible member under The
Provident  Bank  Board of  Directors  Voluntary  Fee  Deferral  Plan,  then such
eligible  member must make his or her initial  election to defer  future fees by
the end of the calendar year next  preceding the calendar year in which the Plan
becomes  effective.  Subject to the provisions of the Plan, an eligible member's
election  shall  specify in the deferral  election  form when and in what manner
distribution shall be made of any deferred fees. If the eligible member fails to
choose a year of  distribution,  it shall be deemed to be the year of his normal
retirement.  If the eligible member fails to specify a form of payment, he shall
be deemed to have elected a lump-sum distribution.

     2. Period of  Deferral.  An eligible  member may defer his fees to a future
        -------------------
year as selected by him. However, in no event shall any fee otherwise payable be
deferred  so that  the  distribution  begins  beyond  the  year of the  eligible
member's  normal  retirement  from the  Board  of  Directors.  The term  "normal


<PAGE>


retirement"  means the date of the Board of Directors  Annual  Meeting after the
member attains his seventy-second (72) birthday.

     3. Investment and Adjustment of Deferred Fees.  Subject to Paragraph 6, any
        ------------------------------------------
fees deferred  pursuant to an eligible  member's  election as aforesaid shall be
credited  to a separate  account  maintained  in the name of such  member.  Such
Account shall be referred to as the member's  Investment  Account.  The value of
each member's  Investment Account shall be credited monthly with interest at the
then prevailing Wall Street Prime Rate. For purposes of making any  distribution
under paragraph 4 below, the value of an eligible  member's  Investment  Account
shall be its value,  adjusted with interest as aforesaid,  as of the last day of
the month next preceding the month distribution occurs.

     4.  Payment  of  Deferred  Fees.  Except  as  otherwise  provided  in  this
         ---------------------------
paragraph, or in the case of a "Change in Control" described in paragraph 5, the
amount of an  eligible  member's  separate  account  (adjusted  as  provided  in
paragraph 3) shall be  distributed  to the  eligible  member in a lump-sum or in
annual  installments after such number of years or after retiring from the Board
of Directors as he may elect in accordance with paragraph 2, or, in the event of
his death or Disability (as defined in Section 11 hereof),  in a lump-sum to the
member or to the person or persons  designated by the eligible member to receive
such  distribution.  An eligible  member who wishes to receive a distribution of
his  separate  account  in  installments  may  elect  to  receive  it in  annual
installments  over a period of three (3) years. If distribution is to be made in
annual installments, the amount of each installment shall be equal to the sum of
the adjusted value of the eligible  member's  Investment  Account  determined in
accordance  with  paragraph 3 above  multiplied by a fraction,  the numerator of
which is one and the denominator of which is the number of installment  payments
remaining to be made. If an eligible  member  Separates from Service (within the
meaning of Code Section 409A) but he has not attained age 65, the  undistributed
balance  of his  account  shall  be paid to him in a single  lump  sum  within a
reasonable  time  following  Separation  from  Service.  If an  eligible  member
Separates  from Service on or after age 65, he shall  receive the balance of his
separate account(s) at such time and in such form as he has elected.

     5.  Distribution in the Event of a Change in Control.  Notwithstanding  any
         ------------------------------------------------
other  provision of this Plan or of any election made by an eligible member with
respect  to the  period  of any fee  deferral  or the  form  and  timing  of any
distributions from his separate account, the undistributed balance thereof shall
be  distributed  to him  within 60 days after the date of a Change in Control of
the Company or the Bank. For purposes  hereof, a "Change in Control" shall mean,
a change  in the  ownership  or  effective  control  of the  Company,  or in the
ownership of a substantial  portion of the assets of the Company,  as defined in
the regulations  issued by the Treasury  Department and/or other guidance issued
by the Treasury Department or Internal Revenue Service under Code Section 409A.

     6.  Rights of  Eligible  Member  or Other  Distributee.  Nothing  contained
         --------------------------------------------------
herein,  and no action taken pursuant to the provisions  hereof shall create, or


                                       2
<PAGE>

be  deemed  to  create  a trust  of any  kind,  or to  establish  any  fiduciary
relationship between the Bank and any eligible member or other distributee.  The
separate  accounts  established  hereunder shall be for record keeping purposes.
Fees which have been  deferred  will be recorded  as a  liability  on the Bank's
general  ledger when earned,  but no funds shall be set aside for payment of the
liability.  To the extent that any person  acquires a right to receive  payments
from the Bank under the provisions  hereof,  such right shall be no greater than
the right of an  unsecured  general  creditor  of the Bank.  All  payments  made
pursuant  to this  Plan  shall be made  from the  general  assets  of the  Bank,
provided,  however,  that  nothing  set  forth  herein  shall  be  construed  as
prohibiting the Bank from  establishing a rabbi trust to hold any assets for the
benefit of eligible members of this Plan. Deferred fees and the earnings thereon
shall be  subject to the claims of the  Bank's  general  creditors  at all times
prior to  distribution,  including any fees that are  contributed  to and become
assets of a rabbi trust.

     7. Designation of Beneficiary. An eligible member may designate one or more
        --------------------------
person or persons to receive the  undistributed  balance of his deferred fees in
the event of his death by executing  and  delivering  to the Bank a  beneficiary
designation  form,  a copy of which is annexed  hereto as Exhibit  "B",  and may
change and  successively  change any such  designation by executing a subsequent
beneficiary  designation form. Unless the beneficiary designation form indicates
otherwise,  any  designation  of  beneficiary  shall be  deemed  to apply to the
undistributed balance of all of the eligible member's prior deferrals.  If there
is no valid  beneficiary  designation on file with the Bank on the date of death
of the eligible member, the undistributed balance of deferred fees shall be paid
to the personal representative of his estate.

     8. Nonassignability of Benefits.  Neither the eligible member nor any other
        ----------------------------
person  shall  have any power or right to  assign,  anticipate,  hypothecate  or
otherwise  encumber any deferred fees payable by the Bank  hereunder,  nor shall
any such fees be transferable by operation of law in the event of the bankruptcy
or insolvency of the eligible member or other person.

     9.  Administration  of the Plan.  The  Board of  Directors  shall  have the
         ---------------------------
exclusive  authority to manage and control the operation and  administration  of
the Plan and shall be the named  fiduciary as described in section 402(a) of the
Employee  Retirement  Income  Security Act of 1974. The Board of Directors shall
make all  determinations  regarding the right of any person to receive a benefit
under the Plan and to determine the amount and time of  distribution  thereof in
accordance with the provisions of this Plan and the eligible member's  election,
provided, however, that any determination made with respect to the account(s) of
any eligible member shall be made by the Board of Directors sitting without such
member.  The  interpretation  and  construction  of this  Plan by the  Board  of
Directors, and any action taken hereunder,  shall be binding and conclusive upon
the eligible member and any other person claiming any rights hereunder.  The
Board of Directors  may from time to time  delegate to such person or persons or
to such  committee as it shall  designate any one or more of its  administrative
duties under the Plan.

     10. Right to Amend and Terminate  the Plan.  The Bank reserves the right to
         --------------------------------------
amend  the  Plan in  whole or in part  and to  terminate  the Plan at any  time,
provided  that no such action shall affect the rights of any eligible  member or



                                       3
<PAGE>

other person to receive  payment of benefits in accordance with the terms of the
Plan as in effect on the day  immediately  preceding the effective  date of such
amendment or termination.

     11. Special Terms, Gender and Number. Whenever used herein, the term "Board
         --------------------------------
of Directors"  shall mean the Board of Directors of The Provident Bank. The term
"normal  retirement"  means the date of the Board of  Directors  Annual  Meeting
after the member  attains his  seventy-second  birthday.  The term  "Disability"
shall  mean the  Participant  is unable to  engage  in any  substantial  gainful
activity by reason of any medically  determinable  physical or mental impairment
which  can be  expected  to  result  in death or can be  expected  to last for a
continuous period of not less than 12 months, or, is, by reason of any medically
determinable  physical or mental  impairment  which can be expected to result in
death or can be  expected  to last for a  continuous  period of not less than 12
months,  receiving income  replacement  benefits for a period of not less than 3
months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Participant's
employer.  Whenever the context shall  require,  the  masculine  gender shall be
construed to include the feminine and the singular number the plural.

     12.  Incompetence.  If the Board of Directors  determines  that an eligible
          ------------
member  (or the  designated  beneficiary  of an  eligibile  member) is unable to
manage  his  affairs,  it  may,  in  its  sole  discretion  and  subject  to the
requirements  of Code  Section  409A,  pay any amount due to such  person to the
individual or institution  then providing for the care,  maintenance and support
of such person,  unless prior to such payment claim shall be made therefore by a
duly appointed guardian,  committee or other legal representative  designated to
receive such payment on behalf of such person.

     13. Hardship  Distribution.  An eligible  member,  who believes that he has
         ----------------------
incurred an  Unforeseeable  Emergency  may petition the Board of Directors for a
Hardship  Distribution.  "Unforeseeable  Emergency"  means  a  severe  financial
hardship to the  eligible  member  resulting  from an illness or accident of the
eligible member,  the eligible  member's  spouse,  or a dependent (as defined in
Internal  Revenue  Code  Section  152(a)) of the  eligible  member,  loss of the
eligible member's property due to casualty,  or other similar  extraordinary and
unforeseeable  circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of
the eligible member.

     Upon a finding  that an  eligible  member  has  suffered  an  Unforeseeable
Emergency,  the Board may, in its sole discretion,  make  distributions from the
eligible  member's   Investment   Account.   An  eligible  member  requesting  a
distribution as a result of an Unforeseeable Emergency shall apply in writing to
the  Board  and  shall  provide  such  additional  information  as the Board may
require.  The amount of the withdrawal  shall be limited to the amount necessary
to  satisfy  such  emergency  plus  amounts  necessary  to pay taxes  reasonably
anticipated  as a result of the  distribution,  after  taking  into  account the
extent to which such  hardship is or may be relieved  through  reimbursement  or
compensation  by  insurance  or  otherwise  or by  liquidation  of the  eligible
member's  assets (to the extent the  liquidation of such assets would not itself
cause  severe  financial  hardship).  If  a  distribution  is  made  due  to  an
Unforeseeable  Emergency  in  accordance  with this  paragraph  13, the eligible
member's deferrals under this Plan shall cease for the remainder of the calendar
year in which the  distribution  occurs and the immediately

                                       4
<PAGE>


following calendar year. Any resumption of the eligible member's deferrals under
this  Plan  shall  be made  only  at the  election  of the  eligible  member  in
accordance with paragraph 1 herein.

     14. Applicable Law. This Plan shall be governed and construed in accordance
         --------------
with the laws of the State of New  Jersey to the extent  not  inconsistent  with
applicable federal law.

     15.  Successors.  The  provisions  of this Plan shall bind and inure to the
          ----------
benefit of the Bank and its successors  and assigns.  The term  "successors"  as
used herein shall  include any corporate or other  business  entity which shall,
whether  by  merger,  consolidation,   purchase  or  otherwise  acquire  all  or
substantially  all of the business and assets of the Bank, and successors of any
such corporation or other business entity.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  this 2005  Directors  Voluntary Fee Deferral Plan has
been executed by the duly authorized officers of The Provident Bank as of the 23
day of December, 2004.

ATTEST:                                       THE PROVIDENT BANK




/s/ Mary Louise Festa                    By:  /s/ Paul M. Pantozzi
- ---------------------                         --------------------
Corporate Secretary                           Authorized Officer






                                       5

