-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 QCWuLCvSlbpk1GbldLBOZfERqcYz1Bo7CjZ5S9bD3lDFPZvqlg2uul69tbOBDkhD
 jH7RyOUVcpKqugFddiwl5Q==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001188112-04-002071.txt : 20041228
<SEC-HEADER>0001188112-04-002071.hdr.sgml : 20041228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20041228115745
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001188112-04-002071
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20041223
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20041228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20041228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMBIENT CORP /NY
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001047919
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		IRS NUMBER:				980166007
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23723
		FILM NUMBER:		041227790

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		270 MAIDOSN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING ONE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8888610205

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		270 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING ONE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>t8k-4412.txt
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  UNITED STATES
                             SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
                                   COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT
     PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

       Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 23, 2004

                               AMBIENT CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

- ------------------------------ -------------------------- ---------------------
           Delaware                     0-23723                  98-0166007
- ------------------------------ -------------------------- ---------------------
 (State or other jurisdiction   (Commission File Number)       (IRS Employer
      of incorporation)                                     Identification No.)
- ------------------------------ -------------------------- ---------------------


                 79 CHAPEL STREET, NEWTON, MASSACHUSETTS, 02458
          (Address of principal executive offices, including Zip Code)

                                  617- 332-0004
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)


Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

[ ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act
     (17 CFR 230.425)

[ ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
     (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

<PAGE>

ITEM 1.01 ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT;

        The information set forth under Item 3.02 of this current report on Form
8-K is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.

ITEM 2.03 CREATION OF A DIRECT FINANCIAL OBLIGATION OR AN OBLIGATION UNDER AN
OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENT OF A REGISTRANT;

        The information set forth under Item 3.02 of this current report on Form
8-K is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.

ITEM 3.02 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

        Ambient Corporation (the "Company") has received gross proceeds of $ 5.5
million from the private placement to institutional and individual investors of
its three-year 6% Convertible Debentures (the "Debentures"). In connection with
the issuance of the Debentures, the Company issued to the purchasers of the
Debentures three-year warrants (the "Investor Warrants") to purchase up to 22
million shares of the Company's common stock, par value $0.001 (the "Common
Stock") at a per share exercise price of $0.50. The Company received net
proceeds of approximately $4.9 million from the proceeds of the Debentures,
after the payment of offering related fees and expenses.

        The Debentures, issued as of December 23, 2004, have a term of three
years and are convertible into shares of Common Stock at the holder's option at
any time on or after the earlier of the (i) 65th day following issuance or (ii)
the effective date of the Registration Statement (as defined below) at an
initial conversion rate equal to $0.25 per share (subject to adjustment if there
are certain capital adjustments or similar transactions, such as a stock split
or merger). Interest accrues at the rate of 6% per annum and is payable on a
bi-annual basis, commencing June 30, 2005, or on conversion and may be paid, at
the option of the Company, either in cash or in shares of Common Stock. If the
Company elects to pay interest in Common Stock, payment is to be made at the
conversion rate then in effect for interest accrued through December 31, 2005;
thereafter, at a rate equal to 90% of the average bid price for the 10 trading
days preceding the interest payment date. The terms of the Debentures provide
that under certain conditions (primarily relating to the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement and the closing bid price of the Company's publicly
traded Common Stock exceeding $1.00 for each of 20 consecutive trading days),
the Company can require a mandatory conversion of the Debentures. If not
converted earlier, on the third anniversary of issuance the Debentures will
automatically convert into shares of the Company's Common Stock at the
conversion rate then in effect (subject to certain limitations which might defer
the automatic conversion of some Debentures to a later date). Under certain
conditions (primarily relating to the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement) the Company may prepay the amounts outstanding on the Debentures,
subject to the holder's right to convert. If it fails to deliver stock
certificates upon the conversion of these Debentures at the time and in the
manner specified in the agreements, the Company may be required to make
substantial payments to the holders of the Debentures.

        Holders of the Debentures may declare the principal amount thereof and
the interest accrued thereon immediately due and payable upon the occurrence of
the following events of default: (i) the Company's failure to pay principal and
interest when due (subject to a 5 day grace period), (ii) the Company's material
breach of any of the representations or warranties made in the agreement
pursuant to which the Debentures were sold, (iii) the Company's failure to have
stock certificates delivered with seven trading days from delivery of a
conversion notice if such

<PAGE>

failure continues for ten trading days after notice thereof, (4) the Company's
failure to observe any undertaking contained in the Debentures or the other
transaction documents in a material respect if such failure continues for 30
calendar days after notice, (5) the Company's insolvency or liquidation or a
bankruptcy event, (6) the entry of money judgment or similar process in excess
of $750,000 if such judgment remains unvacated for 60 days or (7) the suspension
of the Common Stock from trading on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board if such
suspension continues for twenty consecutive trading days.

        The Investor Warrants, issued as of December 23, 2004, become first
exercisable on the earlier of the (i) 65th day after issuance or (ii) the
effective date of the registration statement. The exercise prices of the
Investor Warrants are also subject to adjustment in the event of certain capital
adjustments or similar transactions, such as a stock split or merger. Holders of
the Investor Warrants are entitled to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis following the first anniversary of issuance if the Registration Statement
is not in effect at the time of exercise.

        The Company has undertaken to file within 30 days of closing a
registration statement (the "Registration Statement") covering the Common Stock
underlying the Debentures and the Investor Warrants.

        Under the agreements with the holders of the Debentures, the Company
agreed that if it made certain offers or sales of its Common Stock (or
securities convertible into Common Stock) with any third party during the period
from the closing date until 270 days after the effective date of the
Registration Statement (subject to extension if, after it is declared effective,
the Registration Statement is suspended in the interim), adjustments would be
made to the conversion price of the then unexercised debentures and to the
number of shares and exercise price of the then unexercised warrants. In
addition, under certain circumstances, the Company will be obligated to pay
liquidated damages to the holders of the Convertible Debentures if the
Registration Statement is not filed by January 22, 2005 or is not declared
effective by April 22, 2005 or if the effectiveness of such registration
statement is subsequently suspended for more than certain specified permitted
periods. Under certain circumstances, these liquidated damages may be paid in
shares of Common Stock. The amount of liquidated damages that may become payable
may be substantial. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Registration Statement
is declared effective on or before May 22, 2005, then the Company will not be
required to pay any liquidated damages in respect of the delay in the filing of
such registration statement or effectiveness thereof.

        In connection with the placement of the Debentures, the Company issued
to a finder a three year warrant to purchase up to 2.2 million shares of Common
Stock at a per share exercise price equal to $0.25. The Company also issued to
such finder a second warrant instrument to purchase up to an additional 2.2
million shares of Common Stock at a per share exercise price equal to $0.50,
provided, that these warrants may be exercised only to the extent that the
Investor Warrants are exercised. The finder's warrants are otherwise exercisable
on substantially the same terms and conditions as the Investor Warrants and the
Common Stock underlying these warrants will be also included in the Registration
Statement.

        The offering was made only to accredited investors in accordance with
Section 4(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.

        Copies of the agreements and the other instruments relating to the
Debentures and the Investor Warrants are attached hereto.

<PAGE>

ITEM   9.01. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

        (a) Financial Statements.

                  None.

        (b) Pro Forma Financial Information

                  None.

        (c) Exhibits:

        4.1 Form of 6% Three Year Convertible Debenture issued by Ambient
Corporation.

        4.2 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by Ambient Corporation
to certain investors.

        10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of December 23,
2004, among Ambient Corporation and certain investors.

        10.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated as of December 23,
2004, among Ambient Corporation and certain investors.

        99.1 Press Release issued dated December 28, 2004

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES


        Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated:  December 28, 2004                   AMBIENT CORPORATION

                                            By:  /s/ John Joyce

                                                 John Joyce

                                                 Chief Executive Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tex4_1-4412.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT 4.1

                                FORM OF DEBENTURE

        THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
        1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT BE
        SOLD OR OFFERED FOR SALE IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
        STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE
        ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

No.     04-1- 1                                                 US $
        ------------                                                ------------

                               AMBIENT CORPORATION

6% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE SERIES 04-1 DUE __________,  200_2

        THIS DEBENTURE is one of a duly authorized issue of up to $_________3 in
Debentures of AMBIENT CORPORATION, a corporation organized and existing under
the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Company") designated as its 6%
Convertible Debentures Series 04-1.

        FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to _______________, the
registered holder hereof (the "Holder"), the principal sum of _______________
and 00/100 Dollars (US $ ) on ______________, 200_4 (the "Maturity Date") and to
pay interest, on a simple non-compound basis, on the principal sum outstanding
from time to time in arrears at the rate of 6% per annum, accruing from
______________, 200_5, the date of initial issuance of this Debenture (the
"Issue Date"), on the date (each, an "Interest Payment Date") which is the
earliest of (i) the last calendar day of June and December of each calendar year
(except that the first such date shall be June 30, 2005), (ii) a Conversion Date
or the relevant Mandatory Conversion Date (as those terms are defined below), as
the case may be, or (iii) the Maturity Date. Interest shall accrue semi-annually
(pro-rated on a daily basis for any period more or less than a half year from
the later of the Issue Date or the previous Interest Payment Date) and shall
continue to accrue on a daily basis until payment in full of the principal sum
has been made or duly provided for. Interest shall be payable in cash or, at the
Company's option but subject to the other provisions hereof, including but not
limited to Section 4(D) below (the terms of which shall govern as if this
sentence were not included in this Debenture), in shares of the Company's Common
Stock, $0.001 par value ("Common Stock").



- --------------------

1       Insert unique Debenture number for each issuance.
2       Insert date which is third anniversary of the Closing Date
3       Insert Aggregate Purchase Price
4       See footnote 2
5       Insert the Closing Date.

<PAGE>

        This Debenture is being issued pursuant to the terms of the Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of December ______, 2004 (the "Securities Purchase
Agreement"), to which the Company and the Holder (or the Holder's predecessor in
interest) are parties. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have
the meanings ascribed to them in the Securities Purchase Agreement.

        This Debenture is subject to the following additional provisions:

        1.      The Debentures will initially be issued in denominations
determined by the Company, but are exchangeable for an equal aggregate principal
amount of Debentures of different denominations, as requested by the Holder
surrendering the same. No service charge will be made for such registration or
transfer or exchange.

        2.      The Company shall be entitled to withhold from all payments of
principal of, and interest on, this Debenture any amounts required to be
withheld under the applicable provisions of the United States income tax laws or
other applicable laws at the time of such payments, and Holder shall execute and
deliver all required documentation in connection therewith.

        3.      This Debenture has been issued subject to investment
representations of the original purchaser hereof and may be transferred or
exchanged only in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Act"), and other applicable state and foreign securities laws and the terms of
the Securities Purchase Agreement. In the event of any proposed transfer of this
Debenture, the Company may require, prior to issuance of a new Debenture in the
name of such other person, that it receive reasonable transfer documentation
that is sufficient to evidence that such proposed transfer complies with the Act
and other applicable state and foreign securities laws and the terms of the
Securities Purchase Agreement. Prior to due presentment for transfer of this
Debenture, the Company and any agent of the Company may treat the person in
whose name this Debenture is duly registered on the Company's Debenture Register
as the owner hereof for the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and
for all other purposes, whether or not this Debenture be overdue, and neither
the Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

        4.      A.      (i)    At any time on or after the Commencement Date (as
defined below) and prior to the time this Debenture is paid in full in
accordance with its terms (including, without limitation, after the occurrence
of an Event of Default, as those terms are defined below, or, if the Debenture
is not fully paid or converted after the Maturity Date), the Holder of this
Debenture is entitled, at its option, subject to the following provisions of
this Section 4, to convert this Debenture at any time into shares of Common
Stock at the Conversion Price (as defined below).

                        (ii)   The term "Conversion Price" means US $0.25
(which amount is subject to adjustment as provided herein).

                        (iii)  The term "Commencement Date" means the earlier of
(i) the date which is sixty-five (65) days after the Issue Date, or (ii) the
Effective Date.

                                                                               2
<PAGE>

                        (iv)   The term "Unconverted Debenture" means the
principal amount of this Debenture which has not been converted as of the
relevant date.

                        (v)    The term "Bid Price" shall mean the 4:00 P.M.
closing bid price of the Common Stock (in U.S. Dollars) on the Principal Trading
Market on the relevant Trading Day(s), as reported by the Reporting Service.

                        (vi)   The term "Closing Sale Price" means the 4:00 P.M.
closing sale price (in U.S. Dollars) of the Common Stock on the Principal
Trading Market on the relevant Trading Day(s), as reported by the Reporting
Service.

                        (vii)  "Reporting Service" means Bloomberg LP or if that
service is not then reporting the relevant information regarding the Common
Stock, a comparable reporting service of national reputation selected by the
Holder and reasonably acceptable to the Company.

                B.      Conversion shall be effectuated either by delivery to
the Company or by facsimile transmission (as provided in Section 12 hereof) of a
completed and duly executed Notice of Conversion (as defined below) to the
address or facsimile number provided in the Notice of Exercise (as such address
or facsimile number may be revised by notice given by the Company as
contemplated by the Section headed "NOTICES" in the Securities Purchase
Agreement). The notice of conversion ("Notice of Conversion") shall be executed
by the Holder of this Debenture and shall evidence such Holder's intention to
convert this Debenture or a specified portion hereof in the form annexed hereto
as Exhibit A. If paid in Common Stock as contemplated hereby, interest accrued
or accruing from the Issue Date to the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be
paid in Common Stock at the Conversion Price applicable as of such Interest
Payment Date. No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing
fractions of shares will be issued on conversion, but the number of shares
issuable shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. The date on which Notice
of Conversion is given (the "Conversion Date") shall be deemed to be the date on
which the Holder faxes or otherwise delivers the Notice of Conversion to the
Company so that it is received by the Company on or before such specified date,
provided that, if such conversion would convert the entire remaining principal
of this Debenture, the Holder shall deliver to the Company the original
Debentures being converted no later than five (5) Trading Days thereafter.
Delivery of the Notice of Conversion shall be accepted by the Company by hand,
mail or courier delivery at the address specified in said Exhibit A or at the
facsimile number specified in said Exhibit A (each of such address or facsimile
number may be changed by notice given to the Holder in the manner provided in
the Securities Purchase Agreement). Certificates representing Common Stock upon
conversion ("Conversion Certificates") will be delivered to the Holder at the
address specified in the Notice of Conversion (which may be the Holder's address
for notices as contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement or a different
address), via express courier, by electronic transfer or otherwise, within five
(5) Trading Days (such fifth Trading Day, a "Delivery Date") after the date on
which the Notice of Conversion is delivered to the Company as contemplated in
this paragraph B, and, if interest is paid by Common Stock, the Interest Payment
Date. The Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of the shares issuable to it
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4(B) on the Conversion Date.

                                                                               3
<PAGE>

                C.      Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or of any of
the other Transaction Agreements, in no event (except (i) as specifically
provided herein as an exception to this provision, or (ii) while there is
outstanding a tender offer for any or all of the shares of the Company's Common
Stock) shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Debenture, or
shall the Company have the obligation to convert such Debenture (and the Company
shall not have the right to pay interest hereon in shares of Common Stock) to
the extent that, after such conversion or issuance of stock in payment of
interest, the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be
deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of
the Debentures or other convertible securities or of the unexercised portion of
warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock), and (2) the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Debentures with respect to
which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in
beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (after taking into account the shares to be
issued to the Holder upon such conversion). For purposes of the proviso to the
immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such sentence. The
Holder, by its acceptance of this Debenture, further agrees that if the Holder
transfers or assigns any of the Debentures to a party who or which would not be
considered such an affiliate, such assignment shall be made subject to the
transferee's or assignee's specific agreement to be bound by the provisions of
this Section 4(C) as if such transferee or assignee were the original Holder
hereof. Nothing herein shall preclude the Holder from disposing of a sufficient
number of other shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder so as to
thereafter permit the continued conversion of this Debenture.

                D.      (i)    Subject to the terms of Section 4(C) and to the
other terms of this Section 4(D), interest on the principal amount of this
Debenture converted pursuant to a Notice of Conversion shall be due and payable,
at the option of the Company, in cash or Common Stock on the Interest Payment
Date.

                        (ii)   If the interest is to be paid in cash, the
Company shall make such payment within three (3) Trading Days of the Interest
Payment Date. If the interest is not paid by such third Trading Day, the
interest must be paid in Common Stock within five (5) Trading Days of the
Interest Payment Date (such fifth Trading Day, a "Delivery Date") in accordance
with the provisions of Section 4(D)(i) hereof, unless the Holder consents
otherwise in each specific instance.

                        (iii)  The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued
in payment of such interest shall be determined by dividing the dollar amount of
the interest to be so paid by (i) for interest accruing through and including
December 31, 2005, the Conversion Price on the Interest Payment Date, and (ii)
for interest accruing thereafter, ninety percent (90%) of the average Bid Price
for the ten (10) Trading Days ending on the Trading Day immediately before the
relevant Interest Payment Date. Such Common Stock shall be delivered to the
Holder to the Holder's address for notice provided in the Securities Purchase
Agreement, or per the latest instructions provided by the Holder, whether such
instructions are given pursuant to Section 4(B) hereof or otherwise.

                                                                               4
<PAGE>

                        (iv)   If the Company elects to have the interest paid
in cash in connection with a conversion, the Company shall make such payment
within three (3) Trading Days of the Interest Payment Date. If such payment is
not made in cash by such date, it shall be deemed that, subject to the
provisions of Section 4(C) hereof, the Company has elected to pay the interest
in stock.

                E.      (i)    Reference is made to the provisions of Section
4(g) of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the terms of which are incorporated
herein by reference. The Conversion Price and other provisions of this Debenture
shall be adjusted as provided in the applicable provisions of said Section 4(g)
of the Securities Purchase Agreement.

                        (ii)   Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or
readjustment of the Fixed Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 4(E), the
Company, at its expense, shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment
and prepare and furnish to the Holder a certificate setting forth such
adjustment or readjustment and showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based. The Company shall, upon the written request
at any time of the Holder, furnish to the Holder a like certificate setting
forth (i) such adjustment or readjustment, (ii) the Conversion Price in effect
at the time and (iii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if
any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon
conversion of $1,000 of principal of this Debenture.

                F.      (i)    The term "Mandatory Conversion Date" means either
(x) the Maturity Date or (y) an Elective Mandatory Conversion Date (as defined
below). On the Mandatory Conversion Date, without further action by the Holder,
the outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest on this Debenture
shall be deemed converted into Common Stock (x) with respect to such principal,
at the Conversion Price in effect on such Mandatory Conversion Date, and (y)
with respect to the interest at the applicable rate contemplated by the
provisions of Section 4(D)(iii) hereof on such Mandatory Conversion Date. The
Mandatory Conversion Date shall be a Conversion Date for all purposes of this
Debenture and the other Transaction Agreements, without the need for the Holder
to submit a Notice of Conversion. Any conversion contemplated by this Section
4(F) shall be subject to the following terms and conditions of this Section
4(F), to the extent relevant.

                        (ii)   So long as

        (x) there is an effective Registration Statement covering the resale of
        the shares issuable on conversion of this Debenture,

        (y) the Company is not in default of any material obligation under any
        of the Transaction Agreements, and

        (z) the Common Stock of the Company, including the Conversion Shares to
        be issued on the Mandatory Conversion Date, are eligible for trading on
        an Acceptable Trading Market (as defined below),

                                                                               5
<PAGE>

then, if the Bid Price for the Common Stock is more than the Target Price (as
defined below) for each of twenty (20) consecutive Trading Days (the twentieth
of such consecutive Trading Days, the "Target Trading Day"), then the Company
will have the right to give the Holder a written notice (an "Elective Mandatory
Conversion Notice") within five (5) Trading Days after the Target Trading Day.
The Elective Mandatory Conversion Notice shall state that the date specified in
such notice (the "Elective Mandatory Conversion Date"), which date shall not be
no earlier than twenty (20) Trading Days and no later than sixty (60) Trading
Days after the Target Trading Day, shall be deemed a Mandatory Conversion Date.

                        (iii)  The term "Target Price" means $1.00 per share,
subject to further adjustment in the same manner as adjustments to the
Conversion Price are made herein

                        (iv)   The term "Acceptable Trading Market" means any of
the following: (w) the Over the Counter Bulletin Board Market, (x) the
NASDAQ/SmallCap or National Market, (y) the American Stock Exchange or (z) the
New York Stock Exchange.

                        (v)    If the Company gives an Elective Mandatory
Conversion Notice, then, if, but only if, the conditions referred in clauses
(x), (y) and (z) of subparagraph (ii) above are satisfied on the Elective
Mandatory Conversion Date, the conversion contemplated by the Elective Mandatory
Conversion Notice will be effected, subject to the provisions of subparagraph
(vi) below. If any of these conditions is not true on the Elective Mandatory
Conversion Date, the Elective Mandatory Conversion Notice shall be deemed
canceled ab initio.

                        (vi)   The provisions of Section 4(C) shall apply on the
Mandatory Conversion Date. If, as a result of such provisions, the entire
Debenture is not converted on the Mandatory Conversion Date, either, as may be
relevant,

        (x) the Company, without further notice to the Holder, shall be deemed
        to have timely given one or more Elective Mandatory Conversion Notices
        providing for successive Mandatory Conversion Dates, or

        (y) the Maturity Date shall be deferred in whole or in part to one or
        more successive Maturity Dates,

each of which deferred date is ten (10) Trading Days after the immediately
preceding Mandatory Conversion Date, until this Debenture is fully converted or
paid in full (or some combination thereof).

                        (vii)  Prior to a Mandatory Conversion Date, including
after receiving an Elective Mandatory Conversion Notice, the Holder shall
continue to have the right to convert any outstanding portion of this Debenture
in accordance with its terms until it is fully converted.

                        (viii) If the Company timely pays in full any accrued
interest payable with respect to this Debenture as of the initial Mandatory
Conversion Date (including the shares then being converted), interest shall
cease to accrue on any remaining Unconverted Debenture. If such payment is not
made timely or is not made in full, interest shall continue to accrue until the
earliest date after the initial Mandatory Conversion Date on which all accrued
interest through the date of payment have in fact been paid, but cease to accrue
thereafter.

                                                                               6
<PAGE>

                G.      (i)    Anything in the other provisions of this
Debenture or any of the other Transaction Agreements to the contrary
notwithstanding, if, but only if, the conditions referred in clauses (x), (y)
and (z) of Section 4(F)(ii) are satisfied on the date of the issuance of the
Prepayment Notice and through the Prepayment Date (as those terms are defined
below), the Company shall have the right to prepay the outstanding principal of
this Debenture, together with all accrued interest thereon, in whole or in part,
on the terms and conditions provided in this Section 4(G).

                        (ii)   The Company may give the Holder a written notice
(the "Prepayment Notice") no earlier than the first anniversary of the Issue
Date. The Prepayment Notice shall specify (x) the principal amount of the
Debenture being prepaid by the Company (the "Prepayment Principal Amount"), (y)
the date (the "Prepayment Date"), which shall be not less than thirty (30)
Trading Days after the Prepayment Notice is received by the Holder, on which
such prepayment will be made, and (z) identify the bank (the "Prepayment Bank")
where the Prepayment Funds (as defined below) will be deposited prior to the
issuance of the Confirmation Notice (as defined below).

                        (iii)  No later than ten (10) Trading Days prior to the
Prepayment Date, the Company will send a notice (the "Confirmation Notice") to
the Holder that funds (the "Prepayment Funds") equal to the Prepayment Principal
Amount plus all accrued but unpaid interest thereon through the Prepayment Date
have been deposited with the Prepayment Bank, together with confirmation of such
deposit by the Prepayment Bank. The Confirmation Notice will also include
instructions for the method by which the Holder can provide instructions to the
Prepayment Bank to make payment by check or wire, as specified by the Holder, on
the Prepayment Date.

                        (iv)   Even after the issuance of a Prepayment Notice,
the Holder may continue to convert this Debenture as provided in the other
provisions of this Debenture until this Debenture is paid in full. If the Holder
converts any portion of this Debenture after the date of the Prepayment Notice
and prior to the payment of the Prepayment Funds to the Holder, so that the then
outstanding principal of this Debenture is less than the Prepayment Principal
Amount, the Holder shall notify the Prepayment Bank of the then outstanding
principal of this Debenture. The Prepayment Funds will then be adjusted to and
be deemed to be equal such outstanding principal plus all accrued but unpaid
interest thereon through the Prepayment Date.

                        (v)    If the Confirmation Notice is not timely given
or if the Prepayment Funds are not timely paid or made available to the Holder,
the Holder will have the option, exercisable at any time prior to the actual
payment of the Prepayment Funds (together with any additional interest accruing
on the Prepayment Principal Amount after the Prepayment Date) to effect either
or both of the following actions: (x) cancellation, ab initio, of the prepayment
contemplated by the Prepayment Notice and (y) cancellation of the Company's
prepayment right under this Section 4(G).

                H.      (i)    In the case of any dispute with respect to a
conversion, the Company shall promptly issue such number of shares of Common
Stock as are not disputed in accordance with Section 4 hereof. If such dispute
involves the calculation of the Conversion

                                                                               7
<PAGE>

Price, the Company shall first discuss such discrepancy with the Holder. If the
Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the Conversion Price
calculation, the Company shall promptly submit the disputed calculations to
independent auditors, which shall be a recognized accounting firm selected by
the Holder, with the consent of the Company, which consent shall not be
unreasonably be withheld or delayed. The auditors, at the expense of the party
or parties in error (as determined by the auditors), shall audit the
calculations and notify the Company and the Holder of the results within five
(5) Trading Days following the date it receives the disputed calculations. The
auditor's calculation shall be deemed conclusive, absent manifest error. The
Company shall then issue the appropriate number of shares of Common Stock in
accordance with this Debenture.

                        (ii)   If, at any time the Company challenges, disputes
or denies the right of a Holder of a Debenture to effect a conversion of the
Debenture into Common Stock or otherwise dishonors or rejects any Notice of
Conversion delivered in accordance with the terms of this Debenture (subject to
the provisions of Section 4(H)(i) and Section 4(C) hereof), then such Holder
shall have the right, by written notice to the Company, to require the Company
to redeem all or part of the Debenture for which a Notice of Conversion has been
refused pursuant to this Section 4(H)(ii) for cash in an amount equal to the
Holder Redemption Amount pursuant to the provisions of Section 4(I) hereof.

                I.      (i)    If at any time the actual number of shares
actually reserved is such that on any date, either it is less than the Reserved
Amount or were that date a Conversion Date, the Company would not be able to
honor in full the conversion submitted on that date of all Unconverted
Debentures of all Holders of this series of Debentures, then the Holder shall be
entitled to the remedies provided in this Section 4(I).

                        (ii)   The term "Redemption Event" means any one or
more of the following events:

        (a) the Company has not delivered Conversion Certificates to the Holder
        as contemplated by this Debenture for any reason within fifteen (15)
        Trading Days after the Conversion Date, the Holder thereafter gives
        written notice thereof to the Company and the Conversion Certificates
        are not received by the Holder within five (5) Trading Days after the
        Company's receipt of such notice (but the provisions of this clause (a)
        shall only apply until the delivery of Conversion Certificates and the
        payment of the accrued interest as contemplated by this Debenture), or

        (b) the Company admits in writing, or the Holder determines, based on
        most recent relevant filings or other disclosure made by the Company and
        available to the public on the SEC's EDGAR system, that the condition of
        Section 4(I)(i) has occurred (but the provisions of this clause (b)
        shall only apply until the Holder receives a written statement,
        certified by an officer of the Company, reflecting that the condition of
        Section 4(I)(i) is no longer true).

                        (iii)  Upon the occurrence of any Redemption Event and
for as long as a Redemption Event shall continue to exist, then, in addition to
the rights provided in Section 5(b)

                                                                               8
<PAGE>

of the Securities Purchase Agreement, then, with respect to the Holder's
Unconverted Debentures (or of Debentures for which a Notice of Conversion has
been submitted but the certificates representing the Conversion Shares have not
yet been delivered to the Holder), the Holder shall thereafter have the option,
exercisable in whole or in part (the amount of the Debenture so redeemed, the
"Redeemed Debenture") at any time and from time to time by delivery to the
Company of a notice (a "Holder Redemption Notice") requesting the redemption of
all or part of such Holder's Debentures for cash equal to the Holder Redemption
Amount in effect at the time of the redemption hereunder.

                        (iv)   The "Holder Redemption Amount" means an amount
payable in cash, equal to:

                               V              x              M
                        --------------
                              CP

        where:

                "V" means the outstanding principal of the Redeemed Debenture
        plus accrued but unpaid interest through the date of payment of the
        Redemption Amount for the Redeemed Debenture (the "Redemption Payment
        Date");

                "CP" means the Conversion Price in effect on the Redemption Date
        (as defined below);

                "Redemption Date" means the date on which the Company receives
        the Holder Redemption Notice; and

                "M" means the average of the Closing Sale Prices for any five
        (5) Trading Days (which need not be consecutive) selected by the Holder
        of the Unconverted Share being redeemed during the period beginning on
        the Redemption Date and ending on the Redemption Payment Date.

                        (v)    If the Company is obligated to pay the Holder
Redemption Amount, the Company shall give the Holder at least five (5) Trading
Days' notice of the Redemption Payment Date (provided that such date shall be no
earlier than the tenth Trading Day after the Redemption Date and no later than
the fifteenth Trading Day after the Redemption Date), and, no later than the
Trading Day prior to such designated date, the Holder shall, by notice to the
Company, identify the value of "M" to the Company, together with a report
derived from the Reporting Service supporting such value. If the Company does
not pay the Holder Redemption Amount on the Redemption Payment Date so
specified, the Holder shall have the right to recompute the value of "M" by
notice similarly given (but until such later notice is given, the computation in
the latest notice from the Holder shall continue to be determinative of the
value of "M" for purposes of determining the Holder Redemption Amount). The
determination of the value of "M" shall not affect the determination of the
value of "V" in determining the Holder Redemption Amount.

                        (vi)    If the Company fails to pay to the Holder the
Holder Redemption Amount with respect to any Redeemed Debenture on the
Redemption Date, then the Holder shall

                                                                               9
<PAGE>

be entitled to interest on the Holder Redemption Amount at a per annum rate
equal to the lower of 18% and the highest interest rate permitted by applicable
law from the Redemption Payment Date specified in the notice given pursuant to
the immediately preceding subparagraph (v) (and if no such notice is given, from
the tenth Trading Day after the Redemption Date) until the date of payment of
the Holder Redemption Amount hereunder. In the event the Company is not able to
redeem all of the Redeemed Debenture subject to Holder Redemption Notices
received from all Holders of this series of Debentures and delivered prior to
the date upon which such redemption is to be effected, the Company shall redeem
Redeemed Debentures from each such Holder pro rata, based on the total principal
of Redeemed Debentures outstanding at the time of redemption included by each
such Holder in all Holder Redemption Notices delivered prior to the date upon
which such redemption is to be effected relative to the total principal of
Redeemed Debentures outstanding at the time of redemption included in all of the
Holder Redemption Notices from all such Holders delivered prior to the date upon
which such redemption is to be effected.

        5.      Subject to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and to
the specific provisions of Sections 4(D) and (F) hereof, if and to the extent
applicable, no provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the obligation
of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of,
and interest on, this Debenture at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or
currency, herein prescribed. This Debenture and all other Debentures now or
hereafter issued of similar terms are direct obligations of the Company.

        6.      No recourse shall be had for the payment of the principal of, or
the interest on, this Debenture, or for any claim based hereon, or otherwise in
respect hereof, against any incorporator, shareholder, officer or director, as
such, past, present or future, of the Company or any successor corporation,
whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the
enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise, all such liability being,
by the acceptance hereof and as part of the consideration for the issue hereof,
expressly waived and released.

        7.      All payments contemplated hereby to be made "in cash" shall be
made in immediately available good funds of United States of America currency by
wire transfer to an account designated in writing by the Holder to the Company
(which account may be changed by notice similarly given). All payments of cash
and each delivery of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder as
contemplated hereby shall be made to the Holder at the address last appearing on
the Debenture Register of the Company as designated in writing by the Holder
from time to time; except that the Holder can designate, by notice to the
Company, a different delivery address for any one or more specific payments or
deliveries.

        8.      If, for as long as this Debenture remains outstanding, the
Company enters into a merger (other than where the Company is the surviving
entity) or consolidation with another corporation or other entity (collectively,
a "Sale"), the Company will require, in the agreements reflecting such
transaction, that the surviving entity expressly assume the obligations of the
Company hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company enters into a
Sale and the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to receive stock,
securities or property in respect of or in exchange for Common Stock, then as a
condition of such Sale, the Company and any such successor, purchaser or
transferee will agree that the Debenture may thereafter be converted on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth above into the kind and amount of
stock, securities or property receivable upon such merger, consolidation, sale
or transfer by a holder of

                                                                              10
<PAGE>

the number of shares of Common Stock into which this Debenture might have been
converted immediately before such merger, consolidation, sale or transfer,
subject to adjustments which shall be as nearly equivalent as may be
practicable. In the event of any such proposed Sale, (i) the Holder hereof shall
have the right to convert by delivering a Notice of Conversion to the Company
within fifteen (15) days of receipt of notice of such Sale from the Company,
except that Section 4(C) shall not apply to such conversion.

        9.      If, at any time while any portion of this Debenture remains
outstanding, the Company spins off or otherwise divests itself of a part of its
business or operations or disposes of all or of a part of its assets in a
transaction (the "Spin Off") in which the Company, in addition to or in lieu of
any other compensation received and retained by the Company for such business,
operations or assets, causes securities of another entity (the "Spin Off
Securities") to be issued to security holders of the Company, the Company shall
cause (i) to be reserved Spin Off Securities equal to the number thereof which
would have been issued to the Holder had all of the Holder's Debentures
outstanding on the record date (the "Record Date") for determining the amount
and number of Spin Off Securities to be issued to security holders of the
Company (the "Outstanding Debentures") been converted as of the close of
business on the Trading Day immediately before the Record Date (the "Reserved
Spin Off Shares"), and (ii) to be issued to the Holder on the conversion of all
or any of the Outstanding Debentures, such amount of the Reserved Spin Off
Shares equal to (x) the Reserved Spin Off Shares multiplied by (y) a fraction,
of which (I) the numerator is the principal amount of the Outstanding Debentures
then being converted, and (II) the denominator is the principal amount of the
Outstanding Debentures.

        10.     If, at any time while any portion of this Debenture remains
outstanding, the Company effectuates a stock split or reverse stock split of its
Common Stock or issues a dividend on its Common Stock consisting of shares of
Common Stock, the Conversion Price and any other amounts calculated as
contemplated hereby or by any of the other Transaction Agreements shall be
equitably adjusted to reflect such action. By way of illustration, and not in
limitation, of the foregoing, (i) if the Company effectuates a 2:1 split of its
Common Stock, thereafter, with respect to any conversion for which the Company
issues shares after the record date of such split, the Conversion Price shall be
deemed to be one-half of what it had been immediately prior to such split; (ii)
if the Company effectuates a 1:10 reverse split of its Common Stock, thereafter,
with respect to any conversion for which the Company issues shares after the
record date of such reverse split, the Conversion Price shall be deemed to be
ten times what it had been calculated to be immediately prior to such split; and
(iii) if the Company declares a stock dividend of one share of Common Stock for
every 10 shares outstanding, thereafter, with respect to any conversion for
which the Company issues shares after the record date of such dividend, the
Conversion Price shall be deemed to be such amount multiplied by a fraction, of
which the numerator is the number of shares (10 in the example) for which a
dividend share will be issued and the denominator is such number of shares plus
the dividend share(s) issuable or issued thereon (11 in the example).

        11.     The Holder of the Debenture, by acceptance hereof, agrees that
this Debenture is being acquired for investment and that such Holder will not
offer, sell or otherwise dispose of this Debenture or the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion thereof except under circumstances which will not
result in a violation of the Act or any applicable state Blue Sky or foreign
laws or similar laws relating to the sale of securities.

                                                                              11
<PAGE>

        12.     Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in
manner provided in the Section headed "NOTICES" in the Securities Purchase
Agreement, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference.

        13.     A.      This Debenture shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York for contracts to be wholly
performed in such state and without giving effect to the principles thereof
regarding the conflict of laws. Each of the parties consents to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the federal courts whose districts encompass any part of the
County of New York or the state courts of the State of New York sitting in the
County of New York in connection with any dispute arising under this Debenture
and hereby waives, to the maximum extent permitted by law, any objection,
including any objection based on FORUM NON CONVENIENS, to the bringing of any
such proceeding in such jurisdictions. To the extent determined by such court,
the Company shall reimburse the Holder for any reasonable legal fees and
disbursements incurred by the Holder in enforcement of or protection of any of
its rights under this Debenture.

                B.      JURY TRIAL WAIVER. The Company and the Holder hereby
waive a trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by
either of the Parties hereto against the other in respect of any matter arising
out of or in connection with this Debenture.

        14.     The Holder shall be entitled to exercise its conversion
privilege with respect to this Debenture notwithstanding the commencement of any
case under 11 U.S.C. ss.101 ET SEQ. (the "Bankruptcy Code"). In the event the
Company is a debtor under the Bankruptcy Code, the Company hereby waives, to the
fullest extent permitted, any rights to relief it may have under 11 U.S.C.
ss.362 in respect of such Holder's right to convert the Debenture. The Company
agrees, without cost or expense to such Holder, to take or to consent to any and
all action necessary to effectuate relief under 11 U.S.C. ss.362.

        15.     (i)     Prior to a Mandatory Conversion Date, the following
shall constitute an "Event of Default":

                a.      The Company shall default in the payment of principal or
                        interest on this Debenture or any other amount due
                        hereunder, and, in any such instance, the same shall
                        continue for a period of five (5) Trading Days after the
                        Company's receipt of written notice thereof from the
                        Holder; or

                b.      Any of the representations or warranties made by the
                        Company herein, in the Securities Purchase Agreement or
                        any of the other Transaction Agreements shall be false
                        or misleading in any material respect at the time made;
                        or

                c.      Subject to the terms of the Securities Purchase
                        Agreement, the Company fails to authorize or to cause
                        its Transfer Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon
                        exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the
                        Holder in accordance with the terms of this Debenture
                        (provided, however, that for purposes of this provision,
                        such failure to cause the Transfer Agent to

                                                                              12
<PAGE>

                        issue such shares shall not be deemed to occur until two
                        (2) Trading Days after the Delivery Date), fails to
                        transfer or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any
                        certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the
                        Holder upon conversion of this Debenture and when
                        required by this Debenture or any other Transaction
                        Agreement, and such transfer is otherwise lawful, or
                        fails to remove any restrictive legend on any
                        certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent to
                        remove such restricted legend, in each case where such
                        removal is lawful, as and when required by this
                        Debenture, or any other Transaction Agreement, and any
                        such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) Trading
                        Days after the Company's receipt of written notice
                        thereof from the Holder; or

                d.      The Company shall fail to perform or observe, in any
                        material respect, any other covenant, term, provision,
                        condition, agreement or obligation of any Debenture in
                        this series and such failure shall continue uncured for
                        a period of thirty (30) days after the Company's receipt
                        of written notice thereof from the Holder; or

                e.      The Company shall fail to perform or observe, in any
                        material respect, any covenant, term, provision,
                        condition, agreement or obligation of the Company under
                        any of the Transaction Agreements and such failure shall
                        continue uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after
                        the Company's receipt of written notice thereof from the
                        Holder; or

                f.      The Company shall (1) admit in writing its inability to
                        pay its debts generally as they mature; (2) make an
                        assignment for the benefit of creditors or commence
                        proceedings for its dissolution; or (3) apply for or
                        consent to the appointment of a trustee, liquidator or
                        receiver for its or for a substantial part of its
                        property or business; or

                g.      A trustee, liquidator or receiver shall be appointed for
                        the Company or for a substantial part of its property or
                        business without its consent and shall not be discharged
                        within sixty (60) days after such appointment; or

                h.      Any governmental agency or any court of competent
                        jurisdiction at the instance of any governmental agency
                        shall assume custody or control of the whole or any
                        substantial portion of the properties or assets of the
                        Company and shall not be dismissed within sixty (60)
                        days thereafter; or

                i.      Any money judgment, writ or warrant of attachment, or
                        similar process in excess of Seven Hundred Fifty
                        Thousand ($750,000) Dollars in the aggregate shall be
                        entered or filed against the Company or any of its
                        properties or other assets and shall remain unpaid,
                        unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of sixty
                        (60) days or in any event later than five (5) days prior
                        to the date of any proposed sale thereunder; or

                                                                              13
<PAGE>

                j.      Bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or liquidation
                        proceedings or other proceedings for relief under any
                        bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors
                        shall be instituted by or against the Company and, if
                        instituted against the Company, shall not be dismissed
                        within sixty (60) days after such institution or the
                        Company shall by any action or answer approve of,
                        consent to, or acquiesce in any such proceedings or
                        admit the material allegations of, or default in
                        answering a petition filed in any such proceeding; or

                k.      The Company shall have its Common Stock suspended from
                        trading on, or delisted from, the Principal Trading
                        Market for in excess of twenty (20) Trading Days.

                (ii)    After a Mandatory Conversion Date, the term "Event of
Default" shall mean:

                a.      The Company shall default in the payment of principal or
                        interest on this Debenture or any other amount due
                        hereunder, and, in any such instance, the same shall
                        continue for a period of five (5) Trading Days after the
                        Company's receipt of written notice thereof from the
                        Holder; but only to the extent that the Company had an
                        obligation to pay such amount to the Holder prior to the
                        Mandatory Conversion Date or based on a notice given by
                        the Holder prior to the Mandatory Conversion Date; or

                b.      Subject to the terms of the Securities Purchase
                        Agreement, the Company fails to authorize or to cause
                        its Transfer Agent to issue shares of Common Stock upon
                        exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the
                        Holder in accordance with the terms of this Debenture
                        (provided, however, that for purposes of this provision,
                        such failure to cause the Transfer Agent to issue such
                        shares shall not be deemed to occur until two (2)
                        Trading Days after the Delivery Date), fails to transfer
                        or to cause its Transfer Agent to transfer any
                        certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the
                        Holder upon conversion of this Debenture and when
                        required by this Debenture or any other Transaction
                        Agreement, and such transfer is otherwise lawful, or
                        fails to remove any restrictive legend on any
                        certificate or fails to cause its Transfer Agent to
                        remove such restricted legend, in each case where such
                        removal is lawful, as and when required by this
                        Debenture, or any other Transaction Agreement, and any
                        such failure shall continue uncured for ten (10) Trading
                        Days.

                (iii)   If an Event of Default shall have occurred and is
continuing, then, or at any time thereafter, and in each and every such case,
unless such Event of Default shall have been cured or waived in writing by the
Holder (which waiver shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent
default), at the option of the Holder and in the Holder's sole discretion, the
Holder may consider this Debenture immediately due and payable (and the Maturity
Date shall be accelerated accordingly; provided, however, that such accelerated
Maturity Date [the "Default Maturity Date"] shall not be a Mandatory Conversion
Date), without presentment, demand,

                                                                              14
<PAGE>

protest or notice of any kinds, all of which are hereby expressly waived,
anything herein or in any note or other instruments contained to the contrary
notwithstanding, and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of the
Holder's rights and remedies provided herein or any other rights or remedies
afforded by law, including, but not necessarily limited to, the equitable remedy
of specific performance and injunctive relief. In furtherance of the foregoing
and not in limitation thereof, the Holder will be entitled to receive payment in
cash in full of the outstanding principal and accrued interest on the Debenture
on the Default Maturity Date.

        16.     Nothing contained in this Debenture shall be construed as
conferring upon the Holder the right to vote or to receive dividends or to
consent or receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any meeting of
shareholders or any rights whatsoever as a shareholder of the Company, unless
and to the extent converted in accordance with the terms hereof.

                   [Balance of page intentionally left blank]











                                                                              15
<PAGE>

        17.     In the event for any reason, any payment by or act of the
Company or the Holder shall result in payment of interest which would exceed the
limit authorized by or be in violation of the law of the jurisdiction applicable
to this Debenture, then IPSO FACTO the obligation of the Company to pay interest
or perform such act or requirement shall be reduced to the limit authorized
under such law, so that in no event shall the Company be obligated to pay any
such interest, perform any such act or be bound by any requirement which would
result in the payment of interest in excess of the limit so authorized. In the
event any payment by or act of the Company shall result in the extraction of a
rate of interest in excess of a sum which is lawfully collectible as interest,
then such amount (to the extent of such excess not returned to the Company)
shall, without further agreement or notice between or by the Company or the
Holder, be deemed applied to the payment of principal, if any, hereunder
immediately upon receipt of such excess funds by the Holder, with the same force
and effect as though the Company had specifically designated such sums to be so
applied to principal and the Holder had agreed to accept such sums as an
interest-free prepayment of this Debenture. If any part of such excess remains
after the principal has been paid in full, whether by the provisions of the
preceding sentences of this Section or otherwise, such excess shall be deemed to
be an interest-free loan from the Company to the Holder, which loan shall be
payable immediately upon demand by the Company. The provisions of this Section
shall control every other provision of this Debenture.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly
executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized.

Dated: December 23, 2004

                                               AMBIENT CORPORATION

                                               By:/s/ John J. Joyce

                                               John J. Joyce
                                               (Print Name)

                                               Chief Executive Officer
                                               (Title)





                                                                              16
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

                              NOTICE OF CONVERSION
                                       OF
             6% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE SERIES 04-1 DUE ________, 200_
   (To be Executed by the Registered Holder in Order to Convert the Debenture)

TO:     AMBIENT CORPORATION.                        VIA TELECOPIER TO:
        79 Chapel Street                            (617) 332-7260
        Newton, Massachusetts 02458
        Attn: CEO


FROM: _________________________________________________________ ("Holder")

DATE: _______________________________________________ (the "Conversion Date")

RE:     Conversion of $_________________ principal amount (the "Converted
        Debenture") of the 6% Convertible Debenture Series 04-1-_ Due _________,
        200_ (the "Debenture") of AMBIENT CORPORATION (the "Company") into
        ________________________ shares (the "Conversion Shares") of Common
        Stock (defined below)

        The captioned Holder hereby gives notice to the Company, pursuant to the
Debenture of the Company that the Holder elects to convert the Converted
Debenture into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par
value (the "Common Stock"), of the Company as of the Conversion Date specified
above. Said conversion shall be based on the following Conversion Price (CHECK
ONE):

         _   $________________, representing the original Conversion Price (as
             defined in the Debenture)

             $________________,  representing the original Conversion Price (as
             defined in the Debenture), adjusted in accordance with the
             provisions of the Debenture.

<PAGE>

             Based on this Conversion Price, the number of Conversion Shares
             indicated above should be issued in the following name(s):

             Name and Record Address                   Conversion Shares

             ______________________________            _________________
             ______________________________            _________________
             ______________________________            _________________

        It is the intention of the Holder to comply with the provisions of
Section 4(C) of the Debenture regarding certain limits on the Holder's right to
convert thereunder. Based on the analysis on the attached Worksheet Schedule,
the Holder believe this conversion complies with the provisions of said Section
4(C). Nonetheless, to the extent that, pursuant to the conversion effected
hereby, the Holder would have more shares than permitted under said Section,
this notice should be amended and revised, ab initio, to refer to the conversion
which would result in the issuance of shares consistent with such provision. Any
conversion above such amount is hereby deemed void and revoked.

        As contemplated by the Debenture, this Notice of Conversion is being
sent by facsimile to the telecopier number and officer indicated above.

        If this Notice of Conversion represents the full conversion of the
outstanding balance of the Converted Debenture, the Holder either (1) has
previously surrendered the Converted Debenture, duly endorsed, to the Company or
(2) will surrender (or cause to be surrendered) the Converted Debenture, duly
endorsed, to the Company at the address indicated above by express courier
within five (5) Trading Days after delivery or facsimile transmission of this
Notice of Conversion.

                  The certificates representing the Conversion Shares should be
transmitted by the Company to the Holder (CHECK ONE)

             _    via express courier or

             _    by electronic transfer (DTC)

within the time contemplated by the Debenture and Securities Purchase Agreement
after receipt of this Notice of Conversion (by facsimile transmission or
otherwise) to:

             ___________________________________
             ___________________________________
             ___________________________________

<PAGE>

        The Holder has determined that accrued but unpaid interest on the
Converted Debenture through the Conversion Date is $____________________
(subject to further accrual if payment not timely made). As contemplated by the
Debenture, the Company should also pay all such accrued but unpaid interest on
the Converted Debenture to the Holder.

             --      If the Company elects to pay such interest in Common
        Stock, as contemplated by and subject to the provisions of the
        Debenture, such shares should be issued in the name of the Holder and
        delivered in the same manner as, and together with, the Conversion
        Shares.

             --      If the Company elects or is required to pay the interest
        in cash, such payment should be made by wire transfer as follows:

             ___________________________________

             ___________________________________

             ___________________________________







                                         _______________________________________
                                         (Print name of Holder)

                                         By: ___________________________________
                                               (Signature of Authorized Person)

                                         _______________________________________
                                         (Printed Name and Title)

<PAGE>

                              NOTICE OF CONVERSION
                               WORKSHEET SCHEDULE


1. Current Common Stock holdings of Holder and Affiliates         ____________
2. Shares to be issued on current conversion6                     ____________
3. Other shares to be issued on other current conversion(s) and
         other current exercise(s)7                               ____________
4. Other shares eligible to be acquired within next 60 days
         without restriction                                      ____________
5. Total [sum of Lines 1 through 4]                               ____________

6. Outstanding shares of Common Stock8                            ____________
7. Adjustments to Outstanding
         a. Shares known to Holder as previously issued
             to Holder or others but not included in Line 6       ____________
         b. Shares to be issued per Line(s) 2 and 3               ____________
         c. Total Adjustments [Lines 7a and 7b]                   ____________
8. Total Adjusted Outstanding [Lines 6 plus 7c]                   ____________

9. Holder's Percentage [Line 5 divided by Line 8]                 ____________%
[Note: Line 9 not to be above 4.99%]




- -------------------------
6       Includes conversion of stated value and assumes interest will be paid in
Common Stock at the Conversion Price.
7       Includes shares issuable on conversion of convertible securities
(including assumed payment of interest or dividends) or exercise of other
rights, including other warrants or options
8       Based on latest SEC filing by Company or information provided by
executive officer of Company, counsel to Company or transfer agent.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tex4_2-4412.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.2
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT 4.2

                                 FORM OF WARRANT

    THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
    1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT BE
    SOLD OR OFFERED FOR SALE IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
    STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE
    ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.


                               AMBIENT CORPORATION

                          COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

                1.      ISSUANCE. In consideration of good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by
AMBIENT CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"),
_____________________________ or registered assigns (the "Holder") is hereby
granted the right to purchase at any time, on or after the Commencement Date (as
defined below) until 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on _____________, 200__1
(the "Expiration Date"), _________________ Thousand __________ (____________)2
fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Company's Common Stock, $0.001 par
value per share (the "Common Stock"), at an initial exercise price per share
(the "Exercise Price") of $0.50 per share, subject to further adjustment as set
forth herein. This Warrant is being issued pursuant to the terms of that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December ___, 2004 (the "Agreement"),
to which the Company and Holder (or Holder's predecessor in interest) are
parties. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
ascribed to them in the Agreement. This Warrant was originally issued to the
Holder of the Holder's predecessor in interest on _____________, 20043 (the
"Issue Date").

                2.      EXERCISE OF WARRANTS.

                        2.1     GENERAL.

                        (a)     This Warrant is exercisable in whole or in part
at any time and from time to time commencing on the Commencement Date (as
defined below). Such exercise shall be effectuated by submitting to the Company
(either by delivery to the Company or by facsimile transmission as provided in
Section 8 hereof) a completed and duly executed Notice of Exercise
(substantially in the form attached to this Warrant Certificate) as provided in
the Notice of Exercise (or revised by notice given by the Company as
contemplated by the Section headed "NOTICES" in the Agreement). The date such
Notice of

- -------------------------
1 Insert date which the last calendar of the month in which the third
anniversary of the Buyer's Closing Date occurs.
2 Insert number equal one hundred percent (100%) of the Issue Date Conversion
Shares.
3 Insert the Buyer's Closing Date.

                                       1
<PAGE>

Exercise is faxed to the Company shall be the "Exercise Date," provided that, if
such exercise represents the full exercise of the outstanding balance of the
Warrant, the Holder of this Warrant tenders this Warrant Certificate to the
Company within five (5) Trading Days thereafter. The Notice of Exercise shall be
executed by the Holder of this Warrant and shall indicate (i) the number of
shares then being purchased pursuant to such exercise and (ii) if applicable (as
provided below), whether the exercise is a cashless exercise.

                        (b)     The provisions of this Section 2.1(b) shall only
be applicable (i) on or after the first anniversary of the Issue Date, and (ii)
if, and only if, on the Exercise Date there is no effective Registration
Statement covering the Warrant Shares (other than during a Permitted Suspension
Period, as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement). If the Notice of
Exercise form elects a "cashless" exercise, the Holder shall thereby be entitled
to receive a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (w) the excess of the
Current Market Value (as defined below) over the total cash exercise price of
the portion of the Warrant then being exercised, divided by (x) the Market Price
of the Common Stock as of the trading day immediately prior to the Exercise
Date. For the purposes of this Warrant, the terms (y) "Current Market Value"
shall mean an amount equal to the Market Price of the Common Stock as of the
Trading Day immediately prior to the Exercise Date, multiplied by the number of
shares of Common Stock specified in such Notice of Exercise Form, and (z)
"Market Price of the Common Stock" shall mean the Closing Price (as defined
below) of the Common Stock.

                        (c)     If the Notice of Exercise form elects a "cash"
exercise (or if the cashless exercise referred to in the immediately preceding
paragraph (b) is not available in accordance with its terms), the Exercise Price
per share of Common Stock for the shares then being exercised shall be payable,
at the election of the Holder, in cash or by certified or official bank check or
by wire transfer in accordance with instructions provided by the Company at the
request of the Holder..

                        (d)     Upon the appropriate payment, if any, of the
Exercise Price for the shares of Common Stock purchased, together with the
surrender of this Warrant Certificate (if required), the Holder shall be
entitled to receive a certificate or certificates for the shares of Common Stock
so purchased. The Company shall deliver such certificates representing the
Warrant Shares in accordance with the instructions of the Holder as provided in
the Notice of Exercise (the certificates delivered in such manner, the "Warrant
Share Certificates") within three (3) Trading Days (such third Trading Day, a
"Warrant Share Delivery Date") of (i) with respect to a "cashless exercise," the
Exercise Date or, (ii) with respect to a "cash" exercise, the later of the
Exercise Date or the date the payment of the Exercise Price for the relevant
Warrant Shares is received by the Company.

                        (e)     The Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of
the shares issuable to it in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.1
on the Exercise Date.

                        2.2     LIMITATION ON EXERCISE. Notwithstanding the
provisions of this Warrant, the Agreement or of the other Transaction
Agreements, in no event (except (i) as

                                       2
<PAGE>

specifically provided in this Warrant as an exception to this provision, (ii)
during the forty-five (45) day period prior to the Expiration Date, or (iii)
while there is outstanding a tender offer for any or all of the shares of the
Company's Common Stock) shall the Holder be entitled to exercise this Warrant,
or shall the Company have the obligation to issue shares upon such exercise of
all or any portion of this Warrant to the extent that, after such exercise the
sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder
and its affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed
beneficially owned through the ownership of the unexercised portion of the
Warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or through the ownership of
the unconverted portion of convertible securities), and (2) the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants with respect to which
the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial
ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (after taking into account the shares to be issued to the
Holder upon such exercise). For purposes of the proviso to the immediately
preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934
Act"), except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such sentence. The Holder,
by its acceptance of this Warrant, further agrees that if the Holder transfers
or assigns any of the Warrants to a party who or which would not be considered
such an affiliate, such assignment shall be made subject to the transferee's or
assignee's specific agreement to be bound by the provisions of this Section 2.2
as if such transferee or assignee were the original Holder hereof.

                        2.3     CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. As used herein, each of the
following terms has the meaning set forth below, unless the context otherwise
requires:

                        (a)     "Commencement Date" means the earlier of (i) the
date which is sixty-five (65) days after the Issue Date, or (ii) the Effective
Date.

                        (b)     "Closing Price" means the 4:00 P.M. closing bid
price of the Common Stock on the Principal Trading Market on the relevant
Trading Day(s), as reported by the Reporting Service for the relevant date.

                        (c)     "Reporting Service" means Bloomberg LP or if
that service is not then reporting the relevant information regarding the Common
Stock, a comparable reporting service of national reputation selected by a
Majority in Interest of the Holders and reasonably acceptable to the Company.

                3.      RESERVATION OF SHARES. The Company hereby agrees that at
all times during the term of this Warrant there shall be reserved for issuance
upon exercise of this Warrant

        (x) until the Final Lock-up Date, one hundred ten percent (110%) of the
        number of shares of its Common Stock as shall be required for issuance
        of the Warrant Shares for the then unexercised portion of this Warrant,
        and

        (y) thereafter, one hundred percent (100%)

                                       3
<PAGE>

of the number of shares of its Common Stock as shall be required for issuance of
the Warrant Shares for the then unexercised portion of this Warrant. For the
purposes of such calculations, the Company should assume that the outstanding
portion of this Warrants were exercisable in full at any time, without regard to
any restrictions which might limit the Holder's right to exercise any portion of
this Warrant held by the Holder.

                4.      MUTILATION OR LOSS OF WARRANT. Upon receipt by the
Company of evidence satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or
mutilation of this Warrant, and (in the case of loss, theft or destruction)
receipt of reasonably satisfactory indemnification, and (in the case of
mutilation) upon surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company will
execute and deliver a new Warrant of like tenor and date and any such lost,
stolen, destroyed or mutilated Warrant shall thereupon become void.

                5.      RIGHTS OF THE HOLDER. The Holder shall not, by virtue
hereof, be entitled to any rights of a stockholder in the Company, either at law
or equity, and the rights of the Holder are limited to those expressed in this
Warrant and are not enforceable against the Company except to the extent set
forth herein.

                6.      PROTECTION AGAINST DILUTION AND OTHER ADJUSTMENTS.

                        6.1     ADJUSTMENT MECHANISM. If an adjustment of the
Exercise Price is required pursuant to this Section 6, the Holder shall be
entitled to purchase such number of shares of Common Stock as will cause (i) (x)
the total number of shares of Common Stock Holder is entitled to purchase
pursuant to this Warrant following such adjustment, multiplied by (y) the
adjusted Exercise Price per share, to equal the result of (ii) (x) the dollar
amount of the total number of shares of Common Stock Holder is entitled to
purchase before adjustment, multiplied by (y) the total Exercise Price before
adjustment.4

                        6.2     CAPITAL ADJUSTMENTS. In case of any stock split
or reverse stock split, stock dividend, reclassification of the Common Stock,
recapitalization, merger or consolidation (where the Company is not the
surviving entity), the provisions of this Section 6 shall be applied as if such
capital adjustment event had occurred immediately prior to the date of this
Warrant and the original Exercise Price had been fairly allocated to the stock
resulting from such capital adjustment; and in other respects the provisions of
this Section shall be applied in a fair, equitable and reasonable manner so as
to give effect, as nearly as may be, to the purposes hereof. A rights offering
to stockholders shall be deemed a stock dividend to the extent of the bargain
purchase element of the rights. The Company will not effect any consolidation or
merger, unless prior to the consummation thereof, the successor or acquiring
entity (if other than the Company) and, if an entity different from the
successor or acquiring entity, the entity whose capital stock or assets the
holders of the Common Stock of the Company are entitled to receive as a result
of such consolidation or merger assumes by written instrument the obligations


- -----------------------
4 Example: Assume 10,000 shares remain under Warrant at original stated Exercise
Price of US$0.50. Total exercise price (clause (y) in text) is (i) 10,000 x (ii)
US$0.50, or US$5,000. Company effects 2:1 stock split. Exercise Price is
adjusted to US$0.25. Number of shares covered by Warrant is adjusted to 20,000,
because (applying clause (x) in text) (i) 20,000 x (ii) US$0.25 = US$5,000.


                                       4
<PAGE>

under this Warrant (including under this Section 6) and the obligations to
deliver to the holder of this Warrant such shares of stock, securities or assets
as, in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the holder may be entitled to
acquire.

                        6.3     ADJUSTMENT FOR SPIN OFF. If, for any reason,
prior to the exercise of this Warrant in full, the Company spins off or
otherwise divests itself of a part of its business or operations or disposes all
or of a part of its assets in a transaction (the "Spin Off") in which the
Company does not receive compensation for such business, operations or assets,
but causes securities of another entity (the "Spin Off Securities") to be issued
to security holders of the Company, then the Company shall cause (i) to be
reserved Spin Off Securities equal to the number thereof which would have been
issued to the Holder had all of the Holder's unexercised Warrants outstanding on
the record date (the "Record Date") for determining the amount and number of
Spin Off Securities to be issued to security holders of the Company (the
"Outstanding Warrants") been exercised as of the close of business on the
Trading Day immediately before the Record Date (the "Reserved Spin Off Shares"),
and (ii) to be issued to the Holder on the exercise of all or any of the
Outstanding Warrants, such amount of the Reserved Spin Off Shares equal to (x)
the Reserved Spin Off Shares, multiplied by (y) a fraction, of which (I) the
numerator is the amount of the Outstanding Warrants then being exercised, and
(II) the denominator is the amount of the Outstanding Warrants.

                        6.4     ADJUSTMENT FOR CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS. Reference
is made to the provisions of Section 4(g) of the Agreement, the terms of which
are incorporated herein by reference. The number of shares covered by this
Warrant and the Exercise Price shall be adjusted as provided in the applicable
provisions of said Section 4(g) of the Agreement.

                7.      TRANSFER TO COMPLY WITH THE SECURITIES ACT; REGISTRATION
                        RIGHTS.

                        7.1     TRANSFER. This Warrant has not been registered
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "Act") and has been issued to
the Holder for investment and not with a view to the distribution of either the
Warrant or the Warrant Shares. Neither this Warrant nor any of the Warrant
Shares or any other security issued or issuable upon exercise of this Warrant
may be sold, transferred, pledged or hypothecated in the absence of an effective
registration statement under the Act relating to such security or an opinion of
counsel satisfactory to the Company that registration is not required under the
Act. Each certificate for the Warrant, the Warrant Shares and any other security
issued or issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall contain a legend on the
face thereof, in form and substance satisfactory to counsel for the Company,
setting forth the restrictions on transfer contained in this Section.

                        7.2     REGISTRATION RIGHTS.   (a) Reference is made to
the Registration Rights Agreement. The Company's obligations under the
Registration Rights Agreement and the other terms and conditions thereof with
respect to the Warrant Shares, including, but not necessarily limited to, the
Company's commitment to file a registration statement including the Warrant
Shares, to have the registration of the Warrant Shares completed and effective,
and to maintain such registration, are incorporated herein by reference.

                                       5
<PAGE>

                        (b)     In addition to the registration rights referred
to in the preceding provisions of Section 7.2(a), effective after the expiration
of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement as contemplated by the
Registration Rights Agreement, the Holder shall have piggy-back registration
rights with respect to the Warrant Shares then held by the Holder or then
subject to issuance upon exercise of this Warrant (collectively, the "Remaining
Warrant Shares"), subject to the conditions set forth below. If, at any time
after the Registration Statement has ceased to be effective, the Company
participates (whether voluntarily or by reason of an obligation to a third
party) in the registration of any shares of the Company's stock (other than a
registration on Form S-8 or on Form S-4), the Company shall give written notice
thereof to the Holder and the Holder shall have the right, exercisable within
ten (10) Trading Days after receipt of such notice, to demand inclusion of all
or a portion of the Holder's Remaining Warrant Shares in such registration
statement. If the Holder exercises such election, the Remaining Warrant Shares
so designated shall be included in the registration statement at no cost or
expense to the Holder (other than any costs or commissions which would be borne
by the Holder under the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement). The
Holder's rights under this Section 7 shall expire at such time as the Holder can
sell all of the Remaining Warrant Shares under Rule 144 without volume or other
restrictions or limit.

                8.      BUY-IN AMOUNT.

                (a)     If, by the relevant Warrant Share Delivery Date, the
Company fails for any reason to deliver the relevant Warrant Share Certificates,
and after such Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Holder who has exercised this
Warrant (an "Exercising Holder") purchases, in an arm's-length open market
transaction or otherwise, shares of Common Stock (the "Covering Shares") in
order to make delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by the
Exercising Holder (the "Sold Shares"), which delivery such Exercising Holder
anticipated to make using the shares to be issued upon such exercise (a
"Buy-In"), the Exercising Holder shall have the right to require the Company to
pay to the Exercising Holder, in addition to and not in lieu of all other
amounts contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements, the
Warrant Share Buy-In Adjustment Amount (as defined below). The Company shall pay
the Warrant Share Buy-In Adjustment Amount to the Exercising Holder in
immediately available funds immediately upon demand by the Exercising Holder.

                (b)     The term "Warrant Share Buy-In Adjustment Amount" means
the amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the Exercising Holder's total
purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the Covering Shares
over (ii) the net proceeds (after brokerage commissions, if any) received by the
Exercising Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. By way of illustration and
not in limitation of the foregoing, if the Exercising Holder purchases shares of
Common Stock having a total purchase price (including brokerage commissions) of
$11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net
proceeds of $10,000, the Warrant Share Buy-In Adjustment Amount which the
Company will be required to pay to the Exercising Holder will be $1,000.

                9.      NOTICES. Any notice required or permitted hereunder
shall be given in manner provided in the Section headed "NOTICES" in the
Agreement, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference.

                                       6
<PAGE>

                10.     SUPPLEMENTS AND AMENDMENTS; WHOLE AGREEMENT. This
Warrant may be amended or supplemented only by an instrument in writing signed
by the parties hereto. This Warrant contains the full understanding of the
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and there
are no representations, warranties, agreements or understandings other than
expressly contained herein and therein.

                11.     GOVERNING LAW. This Warrant shall be deemed to be a
contract made under the laws of the State of New York for contracts to be wholly
performed in such state and without giving effect to the principles thereof
regarding the conflict of laws. Each of the parties consents to the jurisdiction
of the federal courts whose districts encompass any part of the County of New
York or the state courts of the State of New York sitting in the County of New
York in connection with any dispute arising under this Warrant and hereby
waives, to the maximum extent permitted by law, any objection, including any
objection based on FORUM NON CONVENIENS, to the bringing of any such proceeding
in such jurisdictions. To the extent determined by such court, the Company shall
reimburse the Holder for any reasonable legal fees and disbursements incurred by
the Buyer in enforcement of or protection of any of its rights under any of the
Transaction Agreements.

                12.     JURY TRIAL WAIVER. The Company and the Holder hereby
waive a trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by
either of the Parties hereto against the other in respect of any matter arising
out or in connection with this Warrant.

                13.     REMEDIES. The Company stipulates that the remedies at
law of the Holder of this Warrant in the event of any default or threatened
default by the Company in the performance of or compliance with any of the terms
of this Warrant are not and will not be adequate and that, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, such terms may be specifically enforced by a decree for the
specific performance of any agreement contained herein or by an injunction
against a violation of any of the terms hereof or otherwise.

                14.     COUNTERPARTS. This Warrant may be executed in any number
of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed
to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one
and the same instrument.

                   [Balance of page intentionally left blank]




                                       7
<PAGE>

                15      DESCRIPTIVE HEADINGS. Descriptive headings of the
several Sections of this Warrant are inserted for convenience only and shall not
control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Warrant as of
the 23th day of December, 2004.


                                          AMBIENT CORPORATION

                                          By:/s/ John J. Joyce

                                          John J. Joyce
                                          (Print Name)

                                          Chief Executive Officer
                                          (Title)






                                       8
<PAGE>

                          NOTICE OF EXERCISE OF WARRANT


TO:     AMBIENT CORPORATION.                          VIA TELECOPIER TO:
        79 Chapel Street                              (617) 332-7260
        Newton, Massachusetts 02458
        Attn: CEO

        The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right,
represented by the Warrant Certificate for the above-referenced Class, dated as
of ________________, 20___ , to purchase ___________ shares of the Common Stock,
$0.001 par value ("Common Stock"), of AMBIENT CORPORATION and tenders herewith
payment in accordance with Section 2 of said Common Stock Purchase Warrant, as
follows:

_       CASH: $_____________________   =  (Exercise Price x Exercise Shares)


           Payment is being made by:

                 __    enclosed check

                 __    wire transfer

                 __    other

_       CASHLESS EXERCISE [if available pursuant to Section 2.1(b)]:

           Net number of Warrant Shares to be issued to Holder :   ________*

           * based on: Current Market Value - (Exercise Price X Exercise Shares)
                       ---------------------------------------------------------
                                       Market Price of Common Stock
           where:
           Market Price of Common Stock ["MP"]           =     $_______________
           Current Market Value [MP x Exercise Shares]   =     $_______________

        It is the intention of the Holder to comply with the provisions of
Section 2.2 of the Warrant regarding certain limits on the Holder's right to
exercise thereunder. Based on the analysis on the attached Worksheet Schedule,
the Holder believes this exercise complies with the provisions of said Section
2.2. Nonetheless, to the extent that, pursuant to the exercise effected hereby,
the Holder would have more shares than permitted under said Section, this notice
should be amended and revised, ab initio, to refer to the exercise which would
result in the issuance of shares consistent with such provision. Any exercise
above such amount is hereby deemed void and revoked.

        As contemplated by the Warrant, this Notice of Conversion is being sent
by facsimile to the telecopier number and officer indicated above.

                                       9
<PAGE>

        If this Notice of Exercise represents the full exercise of the
outstanding balance of the Warrant, the Holder either (1) has previously
surrendered the Warrant to the Company or (2) will surrender (or cause to be
surrendered) the Warrant to the Company at the address indicated above by
express courier within five (5) Trading Days after delivery or facsimile
transmission of this Notice of Exercise.

        The certificates representing the Warrant Shares should be transmitted
by the Company to the Holder

             via express courier, or

             by electronic transfer

after receipt of this Notice of Exercise (by facsimile transmission or
otherwise) to:


             _____________________________________
             _____________________________________
             _____________________________________



Dated: ______________________


_____________________________
[Name of Holder]

                          By: _________________________



                                       10
<PAGE>

                          NOTICE OF EXERCISE OF WARRANT
                               WORKSHEET SCHEDULE



1. Current Common Stock holdings of Holder and Affiliates          ___________
2. Shares to be issued on current exercise                         ___________
3. Other shares to be issued on other current exercise(s) and
         other current conversion(s)5                              ___________
4. Other shares eligible to be acquired within next 60 days
         without restriction                                       ___________
5. Total [sum of Lines 1 through 4]                                ___________

6. Outstanding shares of Common Stock6                             ___________
7. Adjustments to Outstanding
       a. Shares known to Holder as previously issued
          to Holder or others but not included in Line 6           ___________
       b. Shares to be issued per Line(s) 2 and 3                  ___________
       c. Total Adjustments [Lines 7a and 7b]                      ___________
8. Total Adjusted Outstanding [Lines 6 plus 7c]                    ___________

9. Holder's Percentage [Line 5 divided by Line 8]                  __________%
[Note: Line 9 not to be above 4.99%]



- -------------------------
5 Includes shares issuable on conversion of convertible securities (including
assumed payment of interest or dividends) or exercise of other rights, including
other warrants or options
6 Based on latest SEC filing by Company or information provided by executive
officer of Company, counsel to Company or transfer agent



                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tex10_1-4412.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 10.1

                          SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                THIS SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of December 23,
2004 (this "Agreement"), is entered into by and between AMBIENT CORPORATION, a
Delaware corporation with headquarters located at 79 Chapel Street, Newton, MA
02458 (the "Company"), and each individual or entity named on an executed
counterpart of the signature page hereto (each such signatory is referred to as
the "Lender" or a "Lender") (each agreement with a Lender being deemed a
separate and independent agreement between the Company and such Lender, except
that each Lender acknowledges and consents to the rights granted to each other
Lender [each, an "Other Lender"] under such agreement and the Transaction
Agreements, as defined below, referred to therein).

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

                WHEREAS, the Company and the Lender are executing and delivering
this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for
offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, INTER alia, by Rule 506 under
Regulation D ("Regulation D") as promulgated by the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "1933 Act"), and/or Section 4(2) of the 1933 Act; and

                WHEREAS, the Lender wishes to lend to the Company, subject to
and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and acceptance of this
Agreement by the Company, the Lender's Purchase Price amount set forth on the
Lender's signature page hereto, the repayment of which will be represented by 6%
Convertible Debentures Series 04-01 of the Company (the "Convertible
Debentures"), which Convertible Debentures will be convertible into shares of
Common Stock, $.001 par value per share, of the Company (the "Common Stock"),
upon the terms and subject to the conditions of such Convertible Debentures,
together with the Warrants (as defined below) exercisable for the purchase of
shares of Common Stock;

                NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as
follows:

        1.      AGREEMENT TO PURCHASE; PURCHASE PRICE.

                A.      PURCHASE.

                (i)     Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Agreements, the undersigned hereby agrees to loan to
the Company the principal amount set forth on the Lender's signature page of
this Agreement (the "Purchase Price"), out of the aggregate amount being loaned
by all Lenders of US $5,500,000 (the "Aggregate Purchase Price"). The obligation
to repay the loan from the Lender shall be evidenced by the Company's issuance
of one or more Convertible Debentures to the Lender in such principal amount
(the Convertible Debentures issued to the Lender, the "Debentures"). Each
Debenture (i) shall provide for a conversion price (the "Conversion Price"),
which shall initially be the Fixed Conversion Price (as defined below), which
price may be adjusted from time to as provided in

<PAGE>

the Debenture, and (ii) shall have the terms and conditions of, and be
substantially in the form attached hereto as, ANNEX I.

                (ii)    The loan to be made by the Lender and the issuance of
the Debentures and the Warrants (collectively, the "Purchased Securities") to
the Lender are sometimes referred to herein and in the other Transaction
Agreements as the purchase and sale of the Debentures and the Warrants.

                B.      CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. As used herein, each of the
following terms has the meaning set forth below, unless the context otherwise
requires:

                "Affiliate" means, with respect to a specific Person referred to
in the relevant provision, another Person who or which controls or is controlled
by or is under common control with such specified Person.

                "Certificates" means the (x) the original ink-signed Debentures
and (y) the original ink-signed Warrants, each duly executed by the Company and
issued in the name of the Lender on the Closing Date.

                "Closing Date" means the date of the closing of the purchase and
sale of the Purchased Securities.

                "Company Control Person" means each director, executive officer,
promoter, and such other Persons as may be deemed in control of the Company
pursuant to Rule 405 under the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act.

                "Conversion Certificates" means certificates representing the
Conversion Shares.

                "Conversion Shares" means the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon conversion of the Debentures (including, if relevant, accrued interest on
the Debentures so converted).

                "Converting Holder" means the Holder of Debentures who or which
has submitted a Notice of Conversion (as contemplated by the Debentures).

                "Disclosure Letter" means a letter and any modifications
thereof, the latest of which is dated at least two Trading Days prior to the
Closing Date, from the Company to the Lenders; provided, however, that the
Disclosure Letter shall be arranged in sections corresponding to the identified
Sections of this Agreement, but the disclosure in any such section of the
Disclosure Letter shall qualify other provisions in this Agreement to the extent
that it would be readily apparent to an informed reader from a reading of such
section of the Disclosure Letter that it is also relevant to other provisions of
this Agreement.

                "Effective Date" means the date the Registration Statement
covering the Registrable Securities is declared effective by the SEC.

                                                                               2
<PAGE>

                "Escrow Agent" means the escrow agent identified in the Joint
Escrow Instructions attached hereto as ANNEX II (the "Joint Escrow
Instructions").

                "Escrow Funds" means the Purchase Price delivered to the Escrow
Agent as contemplated by Sections 1(c) and (d) hereof.

                "Escrow Property" means the Escrow Funds and the Certificates
delivered to the Escrow Agent as contemplated by Section 1(c) hereof.

                "Exercise Price" means the per share exercise price of the
relevant Warrant.

                "Finder" means Brasshorn Limited.

                "Fixed Conversion Price" means $0.25 (as that amount may be
adjusted as provided in the Debentures or herein).

                "Holder" means the Person holding the relevant Securities at the
relevant time.

                "Issue Date Conversion Share" means the number of shares of
Common Stock equal to (x) the Purchase Price paid by the Lender, divided by (y)
the Fixed Conversion Price.

                "Last Audited Date" means December 31, 2003.

                "Lender Control Person" means each director, executive officer,
promoter, and such other Persons as may be deemed in control of the Lender
pursuant to Rule 405 under the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act (as
defined below).

                "Lender's Allocable Share" means the fraction, of which (i) the
numerator is the Lender's Purchase Price and (ii) the denominator is the
Aggregate Purchase Price.

                "Mandatory Conversion Date" shall have the meaning ascribed to
it in the Convertible Debentures.

                "Majority in Interest of the Holders" means one or more Holders
whose respective outstanding principal amounts of the Debentures held by each of
them on the relevant date, aggregate more than fifty percent (50%) of the total
of the Lender's and the Other Lenders' aggregate outstanding principal amounts
of the Debentures held by the Lender and the Other Lenders on that date.

                "Material Adverse Effect" means an event or combination of
events, which individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to
(x) adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of the Purchased
Securities or any of the Transaction Agreements, (y) have or result in a
material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, or financial
condition of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (z)
adversely impair the Company's ability to perform fully on a timely basis its
material obligations under any of the Transaction Agreements or the transactions
contemplated thereby.

                                                                               3
<PAGE>

                "New Common Stock" means shares of Common Stock and/or
securities convertible into, and/or other rights exercisable for, Common Stock,
which are offered or sold in a New Transaction.

                "New Investor" means the third party investor, purchaser or
lender (howsoever denominated) in a New Transaction.

                "New Transaction" means the sale of New Common Stock by or on
behalf of the Company to a New Investor in a transaction offered or consummated
after the date hereof; provided, however, that it is specifically understood
that the term "New Transaction" (1) includes, but is not limited to, a sale of
Common Stock or of a security convertible into Common Stock or an equity or
credit line transaction, but (2) does not include (a) the sale of the Purchased
Securities to the Lender and the Other Lenders, (b) the issuance of Common Stock
upon the exercise or conversion of options, warrants or convertible securities
outstanding on the date hereof, or in respect of any other financing agreements
as in effect on the date hereof and identified in the Disclosure Letter
(provided the same is not amended after the date of the Disclosure Letter), (c)
the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to an Employee Stock Option Plan (an
"ESOP") of the Company, such ESOP having been properly approved by the
shareholders of the Company prior to the date of this Agreement, (d) the
issuance of Common Stock pursuant to a non-employee director or consultants'
stock option plan of the Company, as in effect prior to the date of this
Agreement, (e) the issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise of any options or
warrants referred to in the preceding clauses of this paragraph (provided the
same is not amended after the date hereof), or (f) to a Strategic Partner.

                "Person" means any living person or any entity, such as, but not
necessarily limited to, a corporation, partnership or trust.

                "Principal Trading Market" means the Over the Counter Bulletin
Board or such other market on which the Common Stock is principally traded at
the relevant time, but shall not include the "pink sheets."

                "Registrable Securities" shall have the meaning ascribed to it
in the Registration Rights Agreement.

                "Registration Rights Agreement" means the Registration Rights
Agreement in the form annexed hereto as ANNEX IV as executed by the Lender and
the Company simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement.

                "Registration Statement" means an effective registration
statement covering the Registrable Securities.

                "Securities" means the Purchased Securities and the Shares.

                "Shares" means the shares of Common Stock representing any or
all of the Conversion Shares, the Warrant Shares and the Payment Shares (as
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement).

                                                                               4
<PAGE>

                "State of Incorporation" means Delaware.

                "Strategic Partner" means a third party, whether or not
affiliated with the Company as of the date hereof, which party (i) either (a) is
engaged in a business which is the business in which the Company is engaged or a
similar, related or complementary business, or (ii) is a utility or other
provider of electrical power, and (ii) either (a) subsequently purchases equity
securities of the Company (or securities convertible into equity securities of
the Company), or (b) enters into an agreement for one or more of the following:
the licensing by the Company of all or any portion of its technology to such
third party, the licensing by such third party of all or any portion of its
technology to the Company, or any other coordination of all or a portion of
their respective business activities or operations by the Company and such third
party.

                "Trading Day" means any day during which the Principal Trading
Market shall be open for business.

                "Transaction Agreements" means this Agreement, the Debentures,
the Joint Escrow Instructions, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Disclosure
Letter, and the Warrants, and includes all ancillary documents referred to in
those agreements and documents.

                "Transfer Agent" means, at any time, the transfer agent for the
Company's Common Stock.

                "Warrants" means (i) the warrants referred to in Section 4
hereof and (ii) the Additional Warrants, if any.

                "Warrant Shares" means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants.

                C.              FORM OF PAYMENT; DELIVERY OF CERTIFICATES.

                (i)     The Lender shall pay the Purchase Price by delivering
immediately available good funds in United States Dollars to the Escrow Agent no
later than the date prior to the Closing Date.

                (ii)    Within three (3) Trading Days after the Escrow Agent
notifies the Company that the Escrow Agent has on deposit cleared funds from or
on behalf of one or more Lenders an aggregate amount equal to the Aggregate
Purchase Price and the Company shall have accepted the Lender's subscription
hereunder, but in no event later than the Closing Date, the Company will deliver
the relevant Certificates to the Escrow Agent. Such Certificates shall be held
in escrow as provided in the Joint Escrow Instructions.

                (iii)   By signing this Agreement, each of the Lender and the
Company, subject to acceptance by the Escrow Agent, agrees to all of the terms
and conditions of, and becomes a party to, the Joint Escrow Instructions, all of
the provisions of which are incorporated herein by this reference as if set
forth in full.

                                                                               5
<PAGE>

                D.      METHOD OF PAYMENT. Payment into escrow of the Purchase
Price shall be made by wire transfer of funds to:

                        Bank of New York
                        350 Fifth Avenue
                        New York, New York 10001

                        ABA# 021000018
                        For credit to the account of Krieger & Prager LLP
                        Account No.: [To be provided to the Lender by
                                     Krieger & Prager LLP]
                        Re: Ambient 12/04 Transaction/[NAME OF LENDER]

                2.      LENDER REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, ETC.; ACCESS TO
INFORMATION; INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION.

                The Lender represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees
with, the Company as follows:

                Without limiting Lender's right to sell the Securities pursuant
to an effective registration statement or otherwise in compliance with the 1933
Act, the Lender is purchasing the Securities for its own account for investment
only and not with a view towards the public sale or distribution thereof and not
with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof.

                The Lender is (i) an "accredited investor" as that term is
defined in Rule 501 of the General Rules and Regulations under the 1933 Act,
(ii) experienced in making investments of the kind described in this Agreement
and the other Transaction Agreements, (iii) able, by reason of the business and
financial experience of its officers (if an entity) and professional advisors
(who are not affiliated with or compensated in any way by the Company or any of
its Affiliates or selling agents), to protect its own interests in connection
with the transactions described in this Agreement and the other Transaction
Agreements, and to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the
Securities, and (iv) able to afford the entire loss of its investment in the
Securities.

                All subsequent offers and sales of the Securities by the Lender
shall be made pursuant to registration of the relevant Securities under the 1933
Act or pursuant to an exemption from such registration.

                The Lender understands that the Securities are being offered and
sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions from the registration requirements
of the 1933 Act and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon
the truth and accuracy of, and the Lender's compliance with, the
representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of
the Lender set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such
exemptions and the eligibility of the Lender to acquire the Securities.

                The Lender and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with or
have been given access to all materials relating to the business, finances and
operations of the Company and

                                                                               6
<PAGE>

materials relating to the offer and sale of the Purchased Securities which have
been requested by the Lender, including those set forth on in any annex attached
hereto. The Lender and its advisors, if any, have been afforded the opportunity
to ask questions of the Company and its management and have received complete
and satisfactory answers to any such inquiries. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Lender has also had the opportunity to obtain and to
review the Company's filings on EDGAR listed on ANNEX VI hereto (the documents
listed on such Annex VI, to the extent available on EDGAR or otherwise provided
to the Lender as indicated on said Annex VI, collectively, the "Company's SEC
Documents").

                The Lender understands that its investment in the Securities
involves a high degree of risk.

                In connection with its purchase of the Securities, the Lender
has not relied on any statement or representation by the Company or the Finder
or any of their respective officers, directors and employees or any of their
respective attorneys or agents or the Finder, except as specifically set forth
herein. The Finder is a third party beneficiary of this provision.

                The Lender understands that no United States federal or state
agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any
recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.

                This Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which the
Lender is a party, and the transactions contemplated thereby, have been duly and
validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of the Lender and are valid
and binding agreements of the Lender enforceable in accordance with their
respective terms, subject as to enforceability to general principles of equity
and to bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors' rights generally.

                3.      COMPANY REPRESENTATIONS, ETC. The Company represents and
warrants to the Lender as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date that,
except as otherwise provided in the Disclosure Letter or in the Company's SEC
Documents:

                A.      RIGHTS OF OTHERS AFFECTING THE TRANSACTIONS. There are
no preemptive rights of any shareholder of the Company, as such, to acquire the
Purchased Securities or the Shares. No party other has a currently exercisable
right of first refusal which would be applicable to any or all of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements.

                B.      STATUS. The Company is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Incorporation and has the requisite corporate power to own its properties and to
carry on its business as now being conducted. The Company is duly qualified as a
foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
where the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such
qualification necessary, other than those jurisdictions in which the failure to
so qualify would not have or result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company
has registered its stock and is obligated to file reports pursuant to Section 12
or Section 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"1934 Act"). The Common Stock is quoted on the Principal Trading Market. The
Company has received no notice, either oral or written, with respect to the

                                                                               7
<PAGE>

continued eligibility of the Common Stock for such quotation on the Principal
Trading Market, and the Company has maintained all requirements on its part for
the continuation of such quotation.

                C.      AUTHORIZED SHARES.

        (i)     The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i)
300,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $.001 par value per share, of which
approximately 145,358,753 are outstanding as of December 13, 2004, and (ii)
5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $.001 par value, of which none have been
designated.

        (ii)    There are no outstanding securities which are convertible into
shares of Common Stock, whether such conversion is currently exercisable or
exercisable only upon some future date or the occurrence of some event in the
future. If any such securities are listed on the Disclosure Letter, the number
or amount of each such outstanding convertible security and the conversion terms
are set forth in said Disclosure Letter.

        (iii)   All issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly
authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. The Company
has sufficient authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock as may be
necessary to effect the issuance of the Shares on the Closing Date.

        (iv)    The Shares shall have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of the Company, and, when issued on conversion of,
or in payment of interest on, the Debentures or upon exercise of the Warrants,
in each case in accordance with their respective terms, will have been duly and
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will not subject the Holder
thereof to personal liability by reason of being such Holder.

                D.      TRANSACTION AGREEMENTS AND STOCK. This Agreement and
each of the other Transaction Agreements, and the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, have been duly and validly authorized by the Company, this
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and this Agreement
is, and the Debentures, the Warrants and each of the other Transaction
Agreements, when executed and delivered by the Company, will be, valid and
binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their
respective terms, subject as to enforceability to general principles of equity
and to bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, and other similar laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors' rights generally.

                E.      NON-CONTRAVENTION. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement and each of the other Transaction Agreements by the Company, the
issuance of the Securities, and the consummation by the Company of the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Debentures, the Warrants and
the other Transaction Agreements do not and will not conflict with or result in
a breach by the Company of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a
default under (i) the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company,
each as currently in effect, (ii) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, or
other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by
which it or any of its properties or assets are bound, including any listing
agreement for the Common Stock except as herein set forth, or (iii) to its
knowledge, any existing applicable law, rule, or regulation or any applicable
decree, judgment,

                                                                               8
<PAGE>

or order of any court, United States federal or state regulatory body,
administrative agency, or other governmental body having jurisdiction over the
Company or any of its properties or assets, except such conflict, breach or
default which would not have or result in a Material Adverse Effect.

                F.      APPROVALS. No authorization, approval or consent of any
court, governmental body, regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization, or
stock exchange or market or the shareholders of the Company is required to be
obtained by the Company for the issuance and sale of the Securities to the
Lender as contemplated by this Agreement, except such authorizations, approvals
and consents that have been obtained.

                G.      FILINGS. None of the Company's SEC Documents contained,
at the time they were filed, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. Since December 1, 2003, the Company has timely filed all
requisite forms, reports and exhibits thereto required to be filed by the
Company with the SEC.

                H.      ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES. Since the Last Audited Date,
there has been no Material Adverse Effect, except as disclosed in the Company's
SEC Documents. Since the Last Audited Date, except as provided in the Company's
SEC Documents, the Company has not (i) incurred or become subject to any
material liabilities (absolute or contingent) except liabilities incurred in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practices; (ii) discharged or
satisfied any material lien or encumbrance or paid any material obligation or
liability (absolute or contingent), other than current liabilities paid in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practices; (iii) declared or
made any payment or distribution of cash or other property to shareholders with
respect to its capital stock, or purchased or redeemed, or made any agreements
to purchase or redeem, any shares of its capital stock; (iv) sold, assigned or
transferred any other material tangible assets, or canceled any material debts
owed to the Company by any third party or material claims of the Company against
any third party, except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practices; (v) waived any rights of material value, whether or not in the
ordinary course of business, or suffered the loss of any material amount of
existing business; (vi) made any increases in employee compensation, except in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices; or (vii)
experienced any material problems with labor or management in connection with
the terms and conditions of their employment.

                I.      FULL DISCLOSURE. To the Company's knowledge, there is no
fact known to the Company (other than facts known to the public generally or as
disclosed in the Company's SEC Documents) that has not been disclosed in writing
to the Lender that would reasonably be expected to have or result in a Material
Adverse Effect.

                J.      ABSENCE OF LITIGATION. There is no action, suit,
proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board or
body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or
affecting the Company before or by any governmental authority or
non-governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or
instrumentality or any other person, wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or
finding would have a Material Adverse

                                                                               9
<PAGE>

Effect or which would adversely affect the validity or enforceability of, or the
authority or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under, any of the
Transaction Agreements. The Company is not aware of any valid basis for any such
claim that (either individually or in the aggregate with all other such events
and circumstances) could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. There are no outstanding or unsatisfied judgments, orders, decrees,
writs, injunctions or stipulations to which the Company is a party or by which
it or any of its properties is bound, that involve the transaction contemplated
herein or that, alone or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expect to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

                K.      ABSENCE OF EVENTS OF DEFAULT. Except as set forth in
Section 3(e) hereof, no Event of Default (or its equivalent term), as defined in
the respective agreement to which the Company or its subsidiary is a party, and
no event which, with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both, would
become an Event of Default (or its equivalent term) (as so defined in such
agreement), has occurred and is continuing, which would have a Material Adverse
Effect.

                L.      ABSENCE OF CERTAIN COMPANY CONTROL PERSON ACTIONS OR
EVENTS. To the Company's knowledge, none of the following has occurred during
the past five (5) years with respect to a Company Control Person:

        (1) A petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency
        law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
        officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such
        Company Control Person, or any partnership in which he was a general
        partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any
        corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer
        at or within two years before the time of such filing;

        (2) Such Company Control Person was convicted in a criminal proceeding
        or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
        traffic violations and other minor offenses);

        (3) Such Company Control Person was the subject of any order, judgment
        or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court
        of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him
        from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities:

                (i) acting, as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or
                dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or
                employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan
                association or insurance company, as a futures commission
                merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor,
                commodity pool operator, floor broker, any other Person
                regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC")
                or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in
                connection with such activity;

                (ii) engaging in any type of business practice; or

                                                                              10
<PAGE>

                (iii) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase
                or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any
                violation of federal or state securities laws or federal
                commodities laws;

        (4) Such Company Control Person was the subject of any order, judgment
        or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any
        federal or state authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for
        more than 60 days the right of such Company Control Person to engage in
        any activity described in paragraph (3) of this item, or to be
        associated with Persons engaged in any such activity; or

        (5) Such Company Control Person was found by a court of competent
        jurisdiction in a civil action or by the CFTC or SEC to have violated
        any federal or state securities law, and the judgment in such civil
        action or finding by the CFTC or SEC has not been subsequently reversed,
        suspended, or vacated.

                M.      NO UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES OR EVENTS. To the Company's
knowledge, the Company has no liabilities or obligations other than those
disclosed in the Transaction Agreements or the Company's SEC Documents or those
incurred in the ordinary course of the Company's business since the Last Audited
Date, or which individually or in the aggregate, do not or would not have a
Material Adverse Effect. No event or circumstances has occurred or exists with
respect to the Company or its properties, business, operations, condition
(financial or otherwise), or results of operations, which, under applicable law,
rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement prior to the date
hereof by the Company but which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed.
There are no proposals currently under consideration or currently anticipated to
be under consideration by the Board of Directors or the executive officers of
the Company which proposal would (x) change the articles or certificate of
incorporation or other charter document or by-laws of the Company, each as
currently in effect, with or without shareholder approval, which change would
reduce or otherwise adversely affect the rights and powers of the shareholders
of the Common Stock or (y) materially or substantially change the business,
assets or capital of the Company, including its interests in subsidiaries.

                N.      NO INTEGRATED OFFERING. Neither the Company nor any of
its Affiliates nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or
indirectly, at any time since December 1, 2003, made any offer or sales of any
security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that
would eliminate the availability of the exemption from registration under
Regulation D in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities as
contemplated hereby.

                O.      DILUTION. The number of shares issuable on conversion of
the Debentures, upon exercise of the Warrants or pursuant to the other terms of
the Transaction Agreements may have a dilutive effect on the ownership interests
of the other shareholders (and Persons having the right to become shareholders)
of the Company. The Company's executive officers and directors have studied and
fully understand the nature of the Securities being sold hereby and recognize
that they have such a potential dilutive effect. The board of directors of the
Company has concluded, in its good faith business judgment, that such issuance
is in the best interests of the Company. The Company specifically acknowledges
that its obligation to issue the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the
Debentures, the Warrant Shares upon exercise of the Warrants or the Payment
Shares as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement is binding

                                                                              11
<PAGE>

upon the Company and enforceable regardless of the dilution such issuance may
have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company, and the
Company will honor such obligations, including honoring every Notice of
Conversion (as contemplated by the Debentures), every Notice of Exercise (as
contemplated by the Warrants), and every demand for Payment Shares (as
contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement), unless the Company is
subject to an injunction (which injunction was not sought by the Company)
prohibiting the Company from doing so.

                P.      FEES TO BROKERS, FINDERS AND OTHERS. Except for payment
of the fees to the Finder's Compensation (as defined below) to the Finder,
payment of which is the sole responsibility of the Company, the Company has
taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any Person for brokerage
commission, finder's fees or similar payments by Lender relating to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Lender shall have no
obligation with respect to such fees or with respect to any claims made by or on
behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this paragraph that
may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company
shall indemnify and hold harmless each of Lender, its employees, officers,
directors, agents, and partners, and their respective Affiliates, from and
against all claims, losses, damages, costs (including the costs of preparation
and attorney's fees) and expenses suffered in respect of any such claimed or
existing fees, as and when incurred. The term "Finder's Compensation" means, in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, the consideration contemplated by the Joint Escrow Instructions.

                Q.      DISCLOSURE. All information relating to or concerning
the Company set forth in this Agreement, in the Company's public filings with
the SEC, or provided to the Lender in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material respects and have not
omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect to the Company or
its business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which
under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or
announcement by the Company.

                R.      CONFIRMATION. The Company confirms that all statements
of the Company contained herein shall survive acceptance of this Agreement by
the Lender for a period of three (3) years from the Closing Date. The Company
agrees that, if, to the knowledge of the Company, any events occur or
circumstances exist prior to the Closing Date which would make any of the
Company's representations, warranties, agreements or other information set forth
herein materially untrue or materially inaccurate as of such date, the Company
shall immediately notify the Lender (directly or through its counsel, if any)
and the Escrow Agent in writing prior to such date of such fact, specifying
which representation, warranty or covenant is affected and the reasons therefor.

                4.      CERTAIN COVENANTS AND ACKNOWLEDGMENTS.

                A.      TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS.

                                                                              12
<PAGE>

                (i)     The Lender acknowledges that (1) the Securities have not
been and are not being registered under the provisions of the 1933 Act and,
except as provided in the Registration Rights Agreement or otherwise included in
an effective registration statement, the Shares have not been and are not being
registered under the 1933 Act, and may not be transferred unless (A)
subsequently registered thereunder or (B) the Lender shall have delivered to the
Company an opinion of counsel, reasonably satisfactory in form, scope and
substance to the Company, to the effect that the Securities to be sold or
transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such
registration; (2) any sale of the Securities made in reliance on Rule 144
promulgated under the 1933 Act may be made only in accordance with the terms of
said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any resale of such
Securities under circumstances in which the seller, or the Person through whom
the sale is made, may be deemed to be an underwriter, as that term is used in
the 1933 Act, may require compliance with some other exemption under the 1933
Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (3) neither the
Company nor any other Person is under any obligation to register the Securities
(other than pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement) under the 1933 Act or
to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder.

                (ii)    In addition to the foregoing, and not in lieu thereof,
the Lender agrees that, without the express written consent of the Company in
each instance, it will not transfer any of the Purchased Securities to any
Person (x) which is known to the Lender to be in substantially the same business
as the Company or which the Company reasonably identifies as a competitor, or
(y) which is known to be a subsidiary or affiliate of such a Person.

                B.      RESTRICTIVE LEGEND. The Lender acknowledges and agrees
that, until such time as the relevant Shares have been registered under the 1933
Act, as contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement, and sold in
accordance with an effective Registration Statement or otherwise in accordance
with another effective registration statement, or until such Shares can
otherwise be sold without restriction, whichever is earlier, the certificates
and other instruments representing any of the Securities shall bear a
restrictive legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer
order may be placed against transfer of any such Securities):

    THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
    1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT BE
    SOLD OR OFFERED FOR SALE IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
    STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL OR OTHER EVIDENCE
    ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

                C.      FILINGS. The Company undertakes and agrees to make all
necessary filings in connection with the sale of the Securities to the Lender
under any United States laws and regulations applicable to the Company, or by
any domestic securities exchange or trading market, and to provide a copy
thereof to the Lender promptly after such filing. Reference is made to Section
4(j) below.

                D.      REPORTING STATUS. So long as the Lender beneficially
owns any of the Purchased Securities and for at least twenty (20) Trading Days
thereafter, the Company shall file all reports required to be filed with the SEC
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act,

                                                                              13
<PAGE>

shall take all reasonable action under its control to ensure that adequate
current public information with respect to the Company, as required in
accordance with Rule 144(c)(2) of the 1933 Act, is publicly available, and shall
not terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under the 1934
Act even if the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder would permit
such termination. The Company will take all reasonable action under its control
to maintain the continued listing and quotation and trading of its Common Stock
(including, without limitation, all Registrable Securities) on the Principal
Trading Market or a listing on the NASDAQ/Small Cap or National Markets and, to
the extent applicable to it, will comply in all material respects with the
Company's reporting, filing and other obligations under the by-laws or rules of
the Principal Trading Market and/or the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc., as the case may be, applicable to it at least through the date
which is sixty (60) days after the later of the date on which (x) all of the
Debentures have been converted or have been paid in full or (y) all of the
Warrants have been exercised or have expired.

                E.      USE OF PROCEEDS. The Company will use the net proceeds
received hereunder (excluding amounts paid as contemplated by the Joint Escrow
Instructions) for general corporate purposes.

                F.      WARRANTS.

                (i)     The Company agrees to issue to the Lender on the Closing
Date a transferable warrant (each, a "Warrant" and, collectively, the
"Warrants") for the purchase the a number of shares of Common Stock equal to one
hundred percent (100%) of the Issue Date Conversion Shares at an exercise price
of $0.50 per share (subject to adjustment as provided in the Warrant). The
Warrants will be exercisable commencing on the Commencement Date specified in
the Warrants and expire on the date which is on the last day of the calendar
month in which the third annual anniversary of the Closing Date occurs. Except
as specified above, each Warrant shall generally be in the form annexed hereto
as ANNEX V.

                (ii)    The Warrant Shares shall be subject to the provisions of
the Registration Rights Agreement.

                G.      CERTAIN AGREEMENTS.

                (i)     (A)     The term "Lower Price Transaction" means a New
Transaction offered or consummated during the period (the "New Transaction
Period") from the Closing Date and continuing through and including the Final
Lock-up Date (as defined below), where (I) either the lowest purchase price of
any shares of the New Common Stock contemplated in the New Transaction or the
lowest conversion price which would be applicable under the terms of the New
Transaction is, or by its terms or by an existing understanding of the Company
and the New Investor, could subsequently be adjusted or revised to be, below the
Conversion Price then in effect (such purchase price or conversion price, in
each case, subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Fixed Conversion
Price of the Debentures is adjusted, other than as a result of the application
of this Section 4(g)) and/or (II) the lowest Exercise Price of any New
Transaction Warrants (as defined below) is, or by its terms or by an existing
understanding of the Company and the New Investor, could subsequently be
adjusted or revised to be, lower than the then effective Exercise Price of the
Warrants (such Exercise Price, in each case, subject to adjustment

                                                                              14
<PAGE>

in the same
manner as the initial Exercise Price of the Warrant is adjusted, other than as a
result of the application of this Section 4(g)).

                        (B)     The term "Final Lock-up Date" means the date
which is two hundred seventy (270) days after the Effective Date, but not
counting for such purposes the days, if any, during which sale of Registrable
Securities was suspended after the Effective Date.1

                        (C)     The term "Alternative Warrant Percentage" means
(x) the number of shares which are eligible to be purchased under the warrant,
option or other right (howsoever denominated) issued in the New Transaction
("New Transaction Warrants"), divided by (y) the aggregate of the shares of New
Common Stock issued or issuable in such transaction (excluding the shares
issuable on exercise of the New Transaction Warrants).

                (ii)    The Company covenants and agrees that, if there is a
Lower Price Transaction during the New Transaction Period, then

        (A) the Conversion Price on any Unconverted Debentures (as defined in
        the Debentures) shall be adjusted to an amount (the "Adjusted Conversion
        Price") equal to the lower of (1) the lowest fixed purchase price of any
        shares of the New Common Stock contemplated in the Lower Price
        Transaction or (2) the lowest conversion price which would be applicable
        under the terms of the Lower Price Transaction (and in each such case,
        if no minimum purchase price or conversion price, as the case may be, is
        set, it shall be assumed that such minimum purchase price or conversion
        price is $.01);

        (B) the number of shares which may be purchased on exercise of the
        outstanding Warrants shall be adjusted to equal the higher of (1) the
        then outstanding number of Warrant Shares which would then be issuable
        upon the exercise in full of such Warrants (without regard to any
        limitations which may then restrict the Holder's full exercise of such
        Warrant at any time), as in effect immediately prior to the relevant New
        Transaction (the "Outstanding Warrant Shares" ), or (2) the number of
        shares determined by

                (x) multiplying the fraction, of which the numerator is the
                Outstanding Warrant Shares and the denominator is the original
                number of Warrant Shares issuable on exercise of such Warrant on
                the Closing Date (without regard to any limitations which may
                then restrict the Holder's full exercise of such Warrant at any
                time; the "Original Warrant Shares"), by

                (y) the number which is equal to (I) the higher of (aa) one
                hundred percent (100%) or (bb) the Alternative Warrant
                Percentage, multiplied by (II) the Purchase Price, divided by
                the lower of (a) the Conversion Price or (b) the


- ----------------------
1       By way of illustration: If the sale of Registrable Securities was
suspended for ten (10) days in the interim, the applicable Final Lock-up Date
will be two hundred eighty (280) days after the Effective Date. If on the 278th
day after the Effective Date, the sale of Registrable Securities was suspended
again for five (5) days, the Final Lock-up Date will be two hundred eighty-five
(285) days after the Effective Date.

                                                                              15
<PAGE>

                Adjusted Conversion Price for the initial closing date of the
                relevant New Transaction; and

        (C) the Exercise Price on all unexercised Warrants shall be adjusted to
        equal the lowest of (1) the then existing Exercise Price, (2) the lowest
        Exercise Price applicable to the Lower Price Transaction, or (3) two
        hundred percent (200%) of the Adjusted Conversion Price.

                (iii)   Anything in the foregoing provisions of this Section
4(g) to the contrary notwithstanding, if, during the New Transaction Period, the
Company enters into a New Transaction, the following provisions shall apply:

        (A) whether or not such New Transaction is a Lower Price Transaction, if
        the provisions applicable to the convertible preferred stock,
        convertible debenture or similar instrument (howsoever denominated), if
        any, of the New Transaction are more beneficial to the holder of such
        instrument than the corresponding terms applicable to the Debentures
        (whether provided in the Debentures or in any of the other Transaction
        Agreements) or in or to the Warrant, as the case may be, or if the terms
        which are beneficial to the Company in the relevant Transaction
        Agreements are not included in the corresponding instrument in the New
        Transaction, then, unless waived by the Holder, the terms of the
        Transaction Agreements applying to the then outstanding Unconverted
        Debentures or then outstanding unexercised Warrant, as the case may be,
        shall be modified to reflect similar terms (based, for such outstanding
        Debentures and for such outstanding Warrants, on the Closing Date);
        provided, however, that nothing in this provision shall be read to mean
        that the Purchased Securities shall be changed to any other form of
        security; and

        (B) if the New Transaction is other than a Lower Price Transaction,
        then, if the Alternative Warrant Percentage is greater than one hundred
        percent (100%), the Company shall issue to the Holder additional
        warrants ("Additional Warrants") for the purchase of the number of
        shares equal to (1) (x) the Alternative Warrant Percentage, multiplied
        by (y) the Purchase Price divided by the lower of the Conversion Price
        or the Adjusted Conversion Price, if any, multiplied by (2) a fraction,
        of which the numerator is the Outstanding Warrant Shares and the
        denominator is Original Warrant Shares; and the terms of such Additional
        Warrants (including, but not limited, to term of exercisability,
        exercise price, manner and limitations, if any, on exercise,
        registration rights) shall be the same as the applicable New Transaction
        Warrants issued in such New Transaction.

                (iv)    Nothing in the foregoing provisions reflects either an
obligation on the part of any Lender to participate in any New Transaction or a
limitation on any Lender from participating in any New Transaction.

                (v)     Any of the foregoing provisions of this Section 4(g) or
any other provision of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Agreements
to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company shall not engage in any offers,
sales or other transactions of its securities which would adversely affect the
exemption from registration available for the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Agreements.

                                                                              16
<PAGE>

                H.      COMPANY PRINCIPAL AGREEMENTS. The Company hereby agrees
that, prior to the Closing Date, the Company will cause each of the persons
named at the head of ANNEX VII attached hereto (each, a "Company Principal"),
each of whom is a director or a principal officer or employee of the Company,
and certain persons who are related to or controlled by such Company Principal,
to execute and deliver an agreement (each, a "Company Principal's Agreement")
regarding limitations on the sale or other disposition of such Company
Principal's shares of the Company's Common Stock (or instruments convertible
into or exercisable for such shares). Each Company Principal's Agreement shall
be substantially in the form set forth in ANNEX VII attached hereto.

                H.      AVAILABLE SHARES. The Company shall have at all times
authorized and reserved for issuance, free from preemptive rights, a number of
shares (the "Reserved Amount") at least equal to

        (i) until the Final Lock-up Date, one hundred twenty-five percent
        (125%), and

        (ii) thereafter, one hundred percent (100%)

of the sum of (x) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable as may be
required to satisfy the conversion rights of the Holders of principal on all
outstanding Convertible Debentures plus interest thereon through the Maturity
Date, plus (y) the number of shares issuable upon exercise of all outstanding
Warrants held by all Holders (in each case, whether such Convertible Debentures
or Warrants were originally issued to the Holder, the Lender or to any other
party). For the purposes of such calculations, the Company should assume that
all Debentures and all Warrants, including without limitation the Additional
Warrants, were then issued and exercisable, in each case without regard to any
restrictions which might limit any Holder's right to convert any of the
Debentures or to exercise any of the Warrants held by any Holder.

                J.      PUBLICITY, FILINGS, RELEASES, ETC. Each of the parties
agrees that it will not disseminate any information relating to the Transaction
Agreements or the transactions contemplated thereby, including issuing any press
releases, holding any press conferences or other forums, or filing any reports
(collectively, "Publicity"), without giving the other party reasonable advance
notice and an opportunity to comment on the contents thereof. Neither party will
include in any such Publicity any statement or statements or other material to
which the other party reasonably objects. In furtherance of the foregoing, the
Company will provide to the Lender drafts of the applicable text of any filing
intended to be made with the SEC which refers to the Transaction Agreements or
the transactions contemplated thereby as soon as practicable (but at least three
(3) business days before such filing will be made) and will not include in such
filing any statement or statements or other material to which the other party
reasonably objects. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each of the parties hereby
consents to the inclusion of the text of the Transaction Agreements in filings
made with the SEC (but any descriptive text accompanying or part of such filing
shall be subject to the other provisions of this paragraph). Notwithstanding,
but subject to, the foregoing provisions of this Section 4(j), the Company will,
after the Closing Date, promptly issue a press release and file a Current Report
on Form 8-K or, if appropriate, a quarterly or annual report on the appropriate
form, referring to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements.

                                                                              17
<PAGE>

                K.      INDEPENDENT NATURE OF LENDERS' OBLIGATIONS AND RIGHTS.
The obligations of each Lender under the Transaction Agreements are several and
not joint with the obligations of any other Lender, and no Lender shall be
responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any Other
Lender under any one or more of the Transaction Agreements. The decision of each
Lender or Other Lender to purchase Purchased Securities pursuant to the
Transaction Agreements has been made by such Lender independently of any Other
Lender. Nothing contained herein or in any Transaction Agreement, and no action
taken by any Lender pursuant thereto, shall be deemed to constitute any two or
more Lenders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind
of entity, or create a presumption that the Lenders are in any way acting in
concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Agreements. Each Lender acknowledges that no
Other Lender has acted as agent for such Lender in connection with making its
investment hereunder and that no Lender will be acting as agent of such Other
Lender in connection with monitoring its investment in the Purchased Securities
or enforcing its rights under the Transaction Agreements. Each Lender shall be
entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including without
limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other
Transaction Agreements, and it shall not be necessary for any Other Lender to be
joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The Company
acknowledges that each of the Lenders has been provided with the same
Transaction Agreements for the purpose of closing a transaction with multiple
Lenders and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Lender.

                L.      EQUAL TREATMENT OF LENDERS. No consideration shall be
offered or paid to any person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of
any provision of any of the Transaction Agreements unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Agreements.

                M.      INDEPENDENT INVESTMENT DECISION. No Lender has agreed to
act with any Other Lender for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or
disposing of the Securities purchased hereunder for purposes of Section 13(d)
under the Exchange Act, and each Lender is acting independently with respect to
its investment in the Securities. The decision of each Lender to purchase
Purchased Securities pursuant to this Agreement has been made by such Lender
independently of any other purchase and independently of any information,
materials, statements or opinions as to the business, affairs, operations,
assets, properties, liabilities, results of operations, condition (financial or
otherwise) or prospects of the Company or its subsidiaries which may have made
or given by any Other Lender or by any agent or employee of any Other Lender,
and no Lender or any of its agents or employees shall have any liability to any
Other Lender (or any other person) relating to or arising from any such
information, materials, statements or opinions.

                5.      TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS.

                The Company warrants that, with respect to the Securities, other
than the stop transfer instructions to give effect to Section 4(a) hereof, it
will give the Transfer Agent no instructions inconsistent with instructions to
issue Common Stock from time to time upon conversion of the Debentures or
exercise of the Warrants or in connection with the issuance of Payment Shares,
as may be applicable from time

                                                                              18
<PAGE>

to time, in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Company to the
Transfer Agent, bearing the restrictive legend specified in Section 4(b) of this
Agreement prior to registration of the Shares under the 1933 Act, registered in
the name of the Lender or its nominee and in such denominations to be specified
by the Holder in connection therewith. Except as so provided, the Shares shall
otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and
to the extent provided in this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements.
Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Lender's obligations and
agreement to comply with all applicable securities laws upon resale of the
Securities. If the Lender provides the Company with an opinion of counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the Company that registration of a resale by the
Lender of any of the Securities in accordance with clause (1)(B) of Section 4(a)
of this Agreement is not required under the 1933 Act, the Company shall (except
as provided in clause (2) of Section 4(a) of this Agreement) permit the transfer
of the Securities and, in the case of the Conversion Shares, the Warrant Shares
or the Payment Shares, as may be applicable, promptly instruct the Transfer
Agent to issue one or more certificates for Common Stock without legend in such
name and in such denominations as specified by the Lender.

                (i)     The Company understands that a delay in the issuance of
the Shares of Common Stock beyond the Delivery Date (as defined in the
Debenture) could result in economic loss to the Holder. As compensation to the
Holder for such loss, the Company agrees to pay late payments to the Holder for
late issuance of Shares upon conversion in accordance with the following
schedule (where "No. Business Days Late" refers to the number of Trading Days
which is beyond two (2) Trading Days after the Delivery Date):2

                                           Late Payment For Each $10,000
                                              of Principal or Interest
         No. Business Days Late                   Being Converted
         ---------------------------------------------------------------

                  1                                    $100
                  2                                    $200
                  3                                    $300
                  4                                    $400
                  5                                    $500
                  6                                    $600
                  7                                    $700
                  8                                    $800
                  9                                    $900
                  10                                   $1,000
                  >10                    $1,000 + $200 for each Business
                                            Day Late beyond 10 days



- --------------------
2       Example: Notice of Conversion is delivered on Monday, August 1, 2005.
The Delivery Date would be Monday, August 8 (the fifth Trading Day after such
delivery). If the certificate is delivered by Wednesday, August 10 (2 Trading
Days after the Delivery Date), no payment under this provision is due. If the
certificates are delivered on August 11, that is 1 "Trading Day Late" in the
table below; if delivered on August 18, that is 6 "Trading Days Late" in the
table.

                                                                              19
<PAGE>

The Company shall pay any payments incurred under this Section in immediately
available funds upon demand. Nothing herein shall limit the Holder's right to
pursue actual damages for the Company's failure to issue and deliver the
Conversion Certificates to the Holder within a reasonable time. Furthermore, in
addition to any other remedies which may be available to a Holder, in the event
that the Company fails for any reason to effect delivery of such Conversion
Certificates within seven (7) Trading Days after the Delivery Date, the
Converting Holder will be entitled to revoke the relevant Notice of Conversion
or the effect of the Mandatory Conversion Date by delivering a notice to such
effect to the Company whereupon the Company and the Converting Holder shall each
be restored to their respective positions immediately prior to delivery of such
Notice of Conversion or Mandatory Conversion Date; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that any
payments contemplated by this Section 5(b) of this Agreement which have accrued
through the date of such revocation notice shall remain due and owing to the
Converting Holder notwithstanding such revocation.

                (ii)    If, by the relevant Delivery Date, the Company fails for
any reason to deliver the Conversion Certificates and after such Delivery Date,
the Converting Holder purchases, in an arm's-length open market transaction or
otherwise, shares of Common Stock (the "Covering Shares") in order to make
delivery in satisfaction of a sale of Common Stock by the Converting Holder (the
"Sold Shares"), which delivery such Converting Holder anticipated to make using
the Shares to be issued upon such conversion (a "Buy-In"), the Converting Holder
shall have the right, in addition to and not in lieu of all other amounts
contemplated in other provisions of the Transaction Agreements, including, but
not limited to, the provisions of the immediately preceding Section 5(b)(i)),
the Buy-In Adjustment Amount (as defined below). The "Buy-In Adjustment Amount"
is the amount equal to the number of Sold Shares multiplied by the excess, if
any, of (x) the Converting Holder's total purchase price per share (including
brokerage commissions, if any) for the Covering Shares over (y) the net proceeds
per share (after brokerage commissions, if any) received by the Converting
Holder from the sale of the Sold Shares. The Company shall pay the Buy-In
Adjustment Amount to the Converting Holder in immediately available funds
immediately upon demand by the Converting Holder. By way of illustration and not
in limitation of the foregoing, if the Converting Holder purchases shares of
Common Stock having a total purchase price (including brokerage commissions) of
$11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to shares of Common Stock it sold for net
proceeds of $10,000, the Buy-In Adjustment Amount which Company will be required
to pay to the Converting Holder will be $1,000.

             In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the Debenture or exercise of a Warrant or at
the request of the Holder with respect to any Shares previously issued, provided
the Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") Fast
Automated Securities Transfer program, upon request of the Holder and its
compliance with the provisions contained in this paragraph, so long as the
certificates therefor do not bear a legend and the Holder thereof is not
obligated to return such certificate for the placement of a legend thereon, the
Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Transfer Agent to electronically
transmit to the Holder the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Debenture or exercise of the Warrant or in replacement of any Shares previously
issued by crediting the account of Holder's Prime Broker with DTC through its
Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system.

                                                                              20
<PAGE>

             The Company shall assume any fees or charges of the Transfer Agent
or Company counsel regarding (i) the removal of a legend or stop transfer
instructions with respect to Registrable Securities, and (ii) the issuance of
certificates or DTC registration to or in the name of the Holder or the Holder's
designee or to a transferee as contemplated by an effective Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the obligation of the Holder to
obtain formal requirements, such as medallion guarantee, for such issuances.

             The Company will authorize the Transfer Agent to give information
relating to the Company directly to the Holder or the Holder's representatives
upon the request of the Lender or any such representative, to the extent such
information relates to (i) the status of shares of Common Stock issued or
claimed to be issued to the Holder in connection with a Notice of Conversion or
a Notice of Exercise, or (ii) the aggregate number of outstanding shares of
Common Stock of all shareholders (as a group and not individually) as of a
current or other specified date. At the request of the Holder, the Company will
provide the Holder with a copy of the authorization so given to the Transfer
Agent.

                6.      CLOSING DATES.

                A.      The Closing Date shall occur on the date which is the
first Trading Day after each of the conditions contemplated by Sections 7 and 8
hereof shall have either been satisfied or been waived by the party in whose
favor such conditions run.

                The closing of the purchase and issuance of the Purchased
Securities shall occur on the Closing Date at the offices of the Escrow Agent.

                (i)     If the Closing Date does not occur by the close of
business on January 31, 2005, then at any time after that date and prior to the
date on which the Closing Date occurs, the Lender may, by written notice to the
Escrow Agent (a "Cancellation Notice") with a copy to the Company, request the
return by the Escrow Agent to the Lender of the Purchase Price. Upon the Escrow
Agent's receipt of such Cancellation Notice, if the Closing Date has not
occurred prior to 5 PM (Eastern Time) of the Trading Day following such receipt
by the Escrow Agent, the Lender shall have no further obligations under this
Agreement, including, without limitation, the obligation to pay any part of the
Purchase Price, and the Escrow Agent shall return the Lender's Escrow Funds to
the Lender and the Certificates issued to the Lender being held as part of the
Escrow Property to the Company.

                (ii)    If the Escrow Agent receives a Cancellation Notice from
a Lender, but the Closing Date occurs prior to 5 PM (Eastern Time) of Trading
Day following the Escrow Agent's receipt of such Cancellation Notice, the
Cancellation Notice shall be deemed null and void ab initio.

                Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
Escrow Agent will be authorized to release the Escrow Funds to the Company and
to others and to release the other Escrow Property on the Closing Date upon
satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 7 and 8 hereof and as
provided in the Joint Escrow Instructions.

                                                                              21
<PAGE>

                7.      CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANY'S OBLIGATION TO SELL.

                The Lender understands that the Company's obligation to sell the
Purchased Securities to the Lender pursuant to this Agreement on the Closing
Date is conditioned upon:

                The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Lender on or
before the Closing Date;

                Delivery by the Lender to the Escrow Agent by the Closing Date
of good funds as payment in full of an amount equal to the Purchase Price in
accordance with this Agreement;

                The accuracy on such Closing Date of the representations and
warranties of the Lender contained in this Agreement, each as if made on such
date, and the performance by the Lender on or before such date of all covenants
and agreements of the Lender required to be performed on or before such date;
and

                There shall not be in effect any law, rule or regulation
prohibiting or restricting the transactions contemplated hereby, or requiring
any consent or approval which shall not have been obtained.

                8.      CONDITIONS TO THE LENDER'S OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE.

                The Company understands that the Lender's obligation to purchase
the Purchased Securities on the Closing Date is conditioned upon:

                The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other
Transaction Agreements by the Company on or before the Closing Date;

                The delivery by the Company to the Escrow Agent of originals of
each of the Certificates in accordance with this Agreement;

                C.      Delivery by the Company to the Escrow Agent of written
confirmation that there are no changes to the Disclosure Letter, a copy of which
shall be attached to such confirmation;

                Delivery by the Company to the Escrow Agent of the executed
Company Principal's Agreements from each Company Principal and the related
Principals (as defined in each Company Principal's Agreement) of such Company
Principal;

                E.      On such Closing Date, each of the Transaction Agreements
executed by the Company on or before such date shall be in full force and effect
and the Company shall not be in default thereunder;

                The accuracy in all material respects on such Closing Date of
the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement,
each as if made on such date, and the performance by the Company on or before
such date of all covenants and agreements of the Company required to be
performed on or before such date;

                                                                              22
<PAGE>

                The Lender shall have received an opinion of counsel for the
Company, dated such Closing Date, in form, scope and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Lender, substantially to the effect set forth in ANNEX III
attached hereto;

                There shall not be in effect any law, rule or regulation
prohibiting or restricting the transactions contemplated hereby, or requiring
any consent or approval which shall not have been obtained; and

                From and after the date hereof to and including such Closing
Date, each of the following conditions will remain in effect: (i) the trading of
the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC or on the Principal
Trading Market; (ii) trading in securities generally on the Principal Trading
Market shall not have been suspended or limited; (iii), no minimum prices shall
been established for securities traded on the Principal Trading Market; and (iv)
there shall not have been any material adverse change in any financial market.

                9.      JURY TRIAL WAIVER. The Company and the Lender hereby
waive a trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by
either of the Parties hereto against the other in respect of any matter arising
out or in connection with the Transaction Agreements.

                10.     GOVERNING LAW: MISCELLANEOUS.

                This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York for contracts to be wholly
performed in such state and without giving effect to the principles thereof
regarding the conflict of laws. Each of the parties consents to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the federal courts whose districts encompass any part of the
County of New York or the state courts of the State of New York sitting in the
County of New York in connection with any dispute arising under this Agreement
or any of the other Transaction Agreements and hereby waives, to the maximum
extent permitted by law, any objection, including any objection based on FORUM
NON CONVENIENS, to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdictions. To
the extent determined by such court, the Company shall reimburse the Lender for
any reasonable legal fees and disbursements incurred by the Lender in
enforcement of or protection of any of its rights under any of the Transaction
Agreements.

                Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this
Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy,
shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

                This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon
the successors and assigns of each of the parties hereto.

                All pronouns and any variations thereof refer to the masculine,
feminine or neuter, singular or plural, as the context may require.

                A facsimile transmission of this signed Agreement shall be legal
and binding on all parties hereto.

                                                                              23
<PAGE>

                This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original.

                The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference
and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

                If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement or the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

                This Agreement may be amended only by an instrument in writing
signed by the party to be charged with enforcement thereof.

                This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof.

                NOTICES. Any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be
given in writing (unless otherwise specified herein) and shall be deemed
effectively given on the earliest of

        (a) the date delivered, if delivered by personal delivery as against
        written receipt therefor or by confirmed facsimile transmission,

        (b) the seventh business day after deposit, postage prepaid, in the
        United States Postal Service by registered or certified mail, or

        (c) the third business day after mailing by domestic or international
        express courier, with delivery costs and fees prepaid, in each case,
        addressed to each of the other parties thereunto entitled at the
        following addresses (or at such other addresses as such party may
        designate by ten (10) days' advance written notice similarly given to
        each of the other parties hereto):

COMPANY:        At the address set forth at the head of this Agreement.
                Attn: Chief Executive Officer
                Telephone No.: (617) 332-0004
                Telecopier No.: (617) 332-7260

                with a copy to:

                Aboudi & Brounstein
                Attn: David Aboudi, Esq.
                Rechov Gavish 3, POB 2432
                Kfar Saba Industrial Zone 44641 Israel
                Telephone No.: (011-972-9) 764-4833
                Telecopier No.: (011-972-9) 764-4834

                                                                              24
<PAGE>

LENDER:         At the address set forth on the signature page of this
                Agreement.

                with a copy to:

                Krieger & Prager LLP, Esqs.
                39 Broadway
                Suite 1440
                New York, NY 10006
                Attn: Ronald J. Nussbaum, Esq.
                Telephone No.: (212) 363-2900
                Telecopier No.  (212) 363-2999

ESCROW AGENT:   Krieger & Prager LLP, Esqs.
                39 Broadway
                Suite 1440
                New York, NY 10006
                Attn: Samuel Krieger, Esq.
                Telephone No.: (212) 363-2900
                Telecopier No.  (212) 363-2999

                12.     SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The
Company's and the Lender's representations and warranties herein shall survive
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the delivery of the
Certificates and the payment of the Purchase Price, for a period of three (3)
years after the Closing Date and shall inure to the benefit of the Lender and
the Company and their respective successors and assigns.

                   [BALANCE OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.]





                                                                              25
<PAGE>

                 [SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT SIGNATURE PAGE]


        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, with respect to the Purchase Price specified below,
each the undersigned represents that the foregoing statements made by it above
are true and correct and that it has caused this Agreement to be duly executed
on its behalf (if an entity, by one of its officers thereunto duly authorized)
as of the date first above written.

PURCHASE PRICE:                                      $________________________




                                                      LENDER:


__________________________________            __________________________________
Address                                       Printed Name of Lender

__________________________________

                                              By: ______________________________
Telecopier No. _________________              (Signature of Authorized Person)

                                              __________________________________
__________________________________            Printed Name and Title
Jurisdiction of Incorporation
or Organization


                                    COMPANY:

AMBIENT CORPORATION

By:          /s/ John J. Joyce

Title:       Chief Executive Officer


                                                                              26

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tex10_2-4412.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 10.2


                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

        THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of December 23, 2004 (this
"Agreement"), is made by and between AMBIENT CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
with headquarters located at 79 Chapel Street, Newton, Massachusetts 02458 (the
"Company"), and each entity named on a signature page hereto (each, an "Initial
Investor") (each agreement with an Initial Investor being deemed a separate and
independent agreement between the Company and such Initial Investor, except that
each Initial Investor acknowledges and consents to the rights granted to each
other Initial Investor under such agreement).

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

        WHEREAS, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2004, between the Initial Investor
and the Company (the "Securities Purchase Agreement"; capitalized terms not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the
Securities Purchase Agreement), the Company has agreed to issue and sell to the
Initial Investors the Debentures and the Warrants; and

        WHEREAS, the Debentures are convertible into shares of Common Stock (the
"Conversion Shares"; which term, for purposes of this Agreement, shall include
shares of Common Stock of the Company issuable in lieu of accrued interest, as
contemplated by the Debentures) upon the terms and subject to the conditions
contained in the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Debentures, or the other
Transaction Agreements; and

        WHEREAS, the Warrant Shares may be issued upon the exercise of the
Warrants; and

        WHEREAS, to induce the Initial Investor to execute and deliver the
Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain
registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules
and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the
"Securities Act"), with respect to the Registrable Securities (as defined
below);

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the
Initial Investor hereby agree as follows:

        1.      DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the following meanings:

        "Company Counsel" means Aboudi & Brounstein

                                       1
<PAGE>

        "Effective Date" means the date the SEC declares a Registration
Statement covering Registrable Securities and otherwise meeting the conditions
contemplated hereby to be effective.

        "Held Shares Value" means, for shares of Common Stock acquired by the
Investor upon a conversion of Debentures within the twenty (20) Trading Days
(excluding any Trading Days during which the Investor is restricted from making
sales of Registrable Securities covered by any previously effective Registration
Statement) preceding the Restricted Sale Date, but not yet sold by the Investor,
the principal amount of the Debentures converted into such Conversion Shares;
provided, however, that if the Investor effected more than one such conversion
during such twenty (20) Trading Day period and sold less than all of such
shares, the sold shares shall be deemed to be derived first from the conversions
in the sequence of such conversions (that is, for example, until the number of
shares from the first of such conversions have been sold, all shares shall be
deemed to be from the first conversion; thereafter, from the second conversion
until all such shares are sold).

        "Investor" means the Initial Investor and any permitted transferee or
assignee who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement in
accordance with Section 9 hereof and who holds Purchased Securities or
Registrable Securities; provided, however, that the term "Investor" does not
include Permitted Investors or their transferees or assignees, if any.

        "Other Issuable Shares" means (i) the Payment Shares, if any, issued or
issuable to the Holder as of the date of the filing of the Registration
Statement and any amendment thereto or any subsequent date, and (ii) the good
faith estimate of the Company of the number of increased Warrant Shares and
other Payment Shares, as the case may be, which the Company anticipates, as of
the date of the filing of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto,
will be issuable to the Holder pursuant to the provisions of the Transaction
Agreements.

        "Payment Shares" means shares of Common Stock issued by the Company as
provided in Section 2(b) below.

        "Permitted Investors" has the meaning ascribed to it in Schedule 10
annexed hereto.

        "Permitted Suspension Period" means one or more periods aggregating not
more than fifty (50) days during any consecutive 12-month period during which
the Holder's right to sell Registrable Securities under the Registration
Statement is suspended, provided, however, that each of such periods shall
neither (i) be for more than twenty (20) days nor (ii) begin less than ten (10)
Trading Days after the last day of the preceding suspension period (whether or
not such last day was during or after a Permitted Suspension Period).

        "Potential Material Event" means any of the following: (i) the
possession by the Company of material information not ripe for disclosure in a
registration statement, which shall be evidenced by determinations in good faith
by the Board of Directors of the Company that disclosure of such information in
the registration statement would be detrimental to the business and affairs of
the Company; or (ii) any material engagement or activity by the Company which

                                       2
<PAGE>

would, in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors of the Company,
be adversely affected by disclosure in a registration statement at such time,
which determination shall be accompanied by a good faith determination by the
Board of Directors of the Company that the registration statement would be
materially misleading absent the inclusion of such information.

        "Register," "Registered," and "Registration" refer to a registration
effected by preparing and filing a Registration Statement or Statements in
compliance with the Securities Act and pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities
Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities on a continuous
basis ("Rule 415"), and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such
Registration Statement by the SEC.

        "Registrable Securities" means, collectively, the Conversion Shares, the
Warrant Shares, and the Other Issuable Shares.

        "Registration Statement" means a registration statement of the Company
under the Securities Act covering Registrable Securities on Form SB-2, if the
Company is then eligible to file using such form, and if not eligible, on Form
S-1 or other appropriate form.

        "Required Effective Date" means, initially, the Initial Required
Effective Date or the Increased Required Effective Date (as those terms are
defined below), as the case may be.

        "Restricted Sale Date" means the first date, other than a date during a
Permitted Suspension Period (as defined below), on which the Investor is
restricted from making sales of Registrable Securities covered by any previously
effective Registration Statement.

        2.      REGISTRATION.

        (A)     MANDATORY REGISTRATION.

        (i)     The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC, as soon as
practicable after the Closing Date but no later than thirty (30) days after the
Closing Date (the "Required Filing Date"), a Registration Statement registering
for resale by the Investor a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the
Initial Investors to sell the Registrable Securities. Notwithstanding the
requirement to register all Registrable Securities, the Company's obligation to
register the Registrable Securities shall initially be satisfied by the
registration of the Initial Number of Shares to Be Registered (as defined
below). The "Initial Number of Shares to Be Registered" is a number of shares of
Common Stock which is at least equal to the sum of (x) the number of shares into
which the Debentures and all interest thereon through the Maturity Date would be
convertible at the time of filing of such Registration Statement (assuming for
such purposes that all such Debentures had been issued, had been eligible to be
converted, and had been converted, into Conversion Shares in accordance with
their terms, whether or not such issuance, eligibility, accrual of interest or
conversion had in fact occurred as of such date), based on the Conversion Price
then in effect, (y) the number of Warrant Shares covered by the Warrants
(assuming for such purposes that all the Warrants had been issued, had been
eligible to be exercised and had been exercised for the issuance of Warrant
Shares in accordance with their terms, whether or not such issuance, eligibility
or exercise had in fact occurred as of such date),

                                       3
<PAGE>

and (z) the number of Other Issuable Shares as of the date of the filing of the
Registration Statement or any amendment thereto (provided, however, that for
purposes of this provision, the number of Other Issuable Shares shall not be
greater than the number of such shares which the SEC permits to be included in
the Registration Statement). If, after the filing of the Registration Statement
and prior to the Effective Date, the Conversion Price or the number of shares
covered by the Warrants or both is or are to be adjusted, the Company shall file
an amendment to the Registration Statement reflecting the registration of the
adjusted number of shares reflected in the foregoing formula based on such
adjustments. Unless otherwise specifically agreed to in writing in advance by
the Holder, the Registration Statement (W) shall include only (1) the
Registrable Securities, (2) the shares issuable on exercise of warrants issued
to the Finder in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Agreements, (3) the shares listed on Part I of Schedule 10 annexed
hereto and (X) shall also state that, in accordance with Rule 416 and 457 under
the Securities Act, it also covers such indeterminate number of additional
shares of Common Stock as may become issuable upon conversion of the Purchased
Shares, exercise of the Warrants or issuances of Other Issuable Securities
covered by such Registration Statement to prevent dilution resulting from stock
splits, stock dividends or similar transactions.

        (ii)    The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause such
Registration Statement to be declared effective on a date (the "Initial Required
Effective Date") which is no later than the earlier of (Y) five (5) days after
oral or written notice by the SEC that it may be declared effective or (Z) one
hundred twenty (120) days after the Closing Date.

        (iii)   If at any time (an "Increased Registered Shares Date"), the
number of shares of Common Stock represented by the Registrable Securities,
issued or to be issued as contemplated by the Transaction Agreements, exceeds
the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock then registered or sought to be
registered in a Registration Statement which has not yet been declared
effective, the Company shall either

     (X) amend the relevant Registration Statement filed by the Company pursuant
     to the preceding provisions of this Section 2, if such Registration
     Statement has not been declared effective by the SEC at that time, to
     register the Increased Number of Shares to Be Registered (as defined
     below). The "Increased Number of Shares to Be Registered" is a number of
     shares of Common Stock which is at least equal to the sum of (A) the number
     of shares theretofore issued on conversion of the Debentures (including any
     interest paid by the issuance of Conversion Shares) and on exercise of the
     Warrants, plus (B) the sum of (I) the number of shares into which the
     Unconverted Debentures and all interest thereon through the Maturity Date
     would be convertible at the time of filing of such Registration Statement
     or amendment (assuming for such purposes that all Debentures, reduced by
     any previously converted Debentures, had been issued, had been eligible to
     be converted, and had been converted, into Conversion Shares in accordance
     with their terms, whether or not such issuance, eligibility, accrual of
     interest or conversion had in fact occurred as of such date), (II) the
     number of Warrant Shares covered by the unexercised Warrants (assuming for
     such purposes that all the Warrants, reduced by any exercised Warrants, had
     been issued, had been

                                       4
<PAGE>

     eligible to be exercised and had been exercised for the issuance of Warrant
     Shares in accordance with their terms, whether or not such issuance,
     eligibility or exercise had in fact occurred as of such date), and (III)
     the number of Other Issuable Shares as of the date of the filing of such
     amendment to the Registration Statement (provided, however, that for
     purposes of this provision, the number of Other Issuable Shares shall not
     be greater than the number of such shares which the SEC permits to be
     included in the Registration Statement), or

     (Y) if such Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC
     at that time, file with the SEC an additional Registration Statement (an
     "Additional Registration Statement") to register the number of shares equal
     to the excess of the Increased Number of Shares to Be Registered over the
     aggregate number of shares of Common Stock already registered.

The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause such Registration
Statement to be declared effective on a date (each, an "Increased Required
Effective Date") which is no later than (q) with respect to a Registration
Statement under clause (X) of this subparagraph (ii), the Initial Required
Effective Date and (r) with respect to an Additional Registration Statement, the
earlier of (I) five (5) days after notice by the SEC that it may be declared
effective or (II) thirty (30) days after the Increased Registered Shares Date.

        (B)     PAYMENTS BY THE COMPANY.

        (i)     If the Registration Statement covering the Registrable
Securities is not filed as contemplated by this Agreement with the SEC by the
Required Filing Date, the Company will make payment to the Initial Investor in
such amounts and at such times as shall be determined pursuant to this Section
2(b).

        (ii)    If the Registration Statement covering the Registrable
Securities is not effective by the relevant Required Effective Date or if there
is a Restricted Sale Date, then the Company will make payments to the Initial
Investor in such amounts and at such times as shall be determined pursuant to
this Section 2(b).

        (iii)   The amount (the "Periodic Amount") to be paid by the Company to
the Initial Investor shall be determined as of each Computation Date (as defined
below) and such amount shall be equal to the Periodic Amount Percentage (as
defined below) of the Purchase Price for all Debentures for the period from the
date following the relevant Required Filing Date or the Required Effective Date
or a Restricted Sale Date, as the case may be, to the first relevant Computation
Date, and thereafter to each subsequent Computation Date (each such period, a
"Computation Period"). The "Periodic Amount Percentage" means (A) one percent
(1%) of the Stated Value of all Purchased Shares for the first Computation
Period (and pro rata for any Computation Period which is less than thirty [30]
days), and (B) two percent (2%) of the Stated Value of all Purchased Shares for
each Computation Period thereafter (and pro rata for any Computation Period
which is less than thirty [30] days); provided, however, that with respect to
Periodic Amounts payable with respect to (X) Section 2(a)(i) or (Y) Section
2(a)(ii) with respect to any Computation Period (or portion thereof) occurring
prior to the Effective Date, such

                                       5
<PAGE>

Periodic Amounts shall cease to accrue on the date which is one hundred eighty
(180) days after the Initial Required Effective Date. Anything in the preceding
provisions of this paragraph (iii) to the contrary notwithstanding, after the
relevant Effective Date the Purchase Price shall be deemed to refer to the sum
of (X) the Purchase Price of all Unconverted Debentures and (Y) the Held Shares
Value. By way of illustration and not in limitation of the foregoing, if the
Registration Statement is filed on or before the Required Filing Date, but is
not declared effective until seventy-five (75) days after the Initial Required
Effective Date, the Periodic Amount will aggregate four percent (4%) of the
Purchase Price of the Debentures (1% for days 1-30, plus 2% for days 31-60, plus
1% for days 61-75).

        (iv)    Each Periodic Amount, if any, will be payable by the Company,
except as provided in the other provisions of the immediately succeeding
subparagraph (v), in cash or other immediately available funds to the Investor
on the third Trading Day after the relevant Computation Period, without
requiring demand therefor by the Investor.

        (v)     Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding
subparagraph (iv),

     (A) at the option of the Company, exercisable in its discretion on the date
     the Periodic Amount is due; provided, however, that the Company may
     exercise this discretion if, but only if the Effective Date is within two
     hundred ten (210) days after the Closing Date and the Registration
     Statement covering the Payment Shares is then effective1; or

     (B) at the option of the Investor, exercisable in its sole and absolute
     discretion by written notice to the Company at any time before the Periodic
     Amount is paid,

all or a portion of the Periodic Amount shall be paid by the issuance of
additional shares of Common Stock to the Investor ("Payment Shares") in an
amount equal to the Periodic Amount being paid thereby divided by the then
applicable Conversion Price; provided, further that the Delivery Date for the
Payment Shares shall be three (3) Trading Days after the date the Periodic
Amount is due (if the election is made by the Company) or after the Investor
gives the notice contemplated by clause (ii) of this subparagraph.


- -----------------
1       If the Investor requests payment of any accrued Periodic Amount on any
date which is earlier than two hundred ten (210) days after the Closing Date but
prior to the Effective Date, and if, prior to the payment thereof, the Investor
does not elect to have such payment made in shares as provided in clause (B) of
this paragraph, the Company shall either pay such amount to the Investor or
deposit such amount in escrow with the Company Counsel with a statement that it
will issue shares to the Investor pursuant to this clause (A) if the conditions
provided herein are met. If such amount is paid in escrow, it shall be held
until such date or the earlier issuance of shares pursuant to such election in
accordance with such terms. If the shares are not issued or issuable by such
date, the Company Counsel shall release the funds to the Investor. If the shares
are duly issued to the Investor, as confirmed by the Investor, the funds held in
escrow may be released to the Company.

                                       6
<PAGE>

        (vi)    The parties acknowledge that the damages which may be incurred
by the Investor if the Registration Statement is not filed by the Required
Filing Date or the Registration Statement has not been declared effective by a
Required Effective Date, including if the right to sell Registrable Securities
under a previously effective Registration Statement is suspended or the shares
of the Company's stock are not listed on the Principal Trading Market, may be
difficult to ascertain. The parties agree that the amounts payable pursuant to
the foregoing provisions of this Section 2(b) represent a reasonable estimate on
the part of the parties, as of the date of this Agreement, of the amount of such
damages.

        (vii)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, the amounts payable by the
Company pursuant to this provision shall not be payable to the extent any delay
in the filing or effectiveness of the Registration Statement occurs because of
an act of, or a failure to act or to act timely by the Initial Investor or its
counsel.

        (viii)  "Computation Date" means (A) the date which is the earlier of
(1) thirty (30) days after the Required Filing Date, the Required Effective Date
or a Restricted Sale Date, as the case may be, or (2) the date after the
Required Filing Date, the Required Effective Date or Restricted Sale Date on
which the Registration Statement is filed (with respect to payments due as
contemplated by Section 2(b)(i) hereof) or is declared effective or has its
restrictions removed or the shares of the Company's stock are listed on the
Principal Trading Market (with respect to payments due as contemplated by
Section 2(b)(ii) hereof), as the case may be, and (B) each date which is the
earlier of (1) thirty (30) days after the previous Computation Date or (2) the
date after the previous Computation Date on which the Registration Statement is
filed (with respect to payments due as contemplated by Section 2(b)(i) hereof)
or is declared effective or has its restrictions removed or the shares of the
Company's stock are listed on the Principal Trading Market (with respect to
payments due as contemplated by Section 2(b)(ii) hereof), as the case may be.

        (ix)    Anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 2(b) to the
contrary notwithstanding, if, but only if, the Registration Statement is
declared effective within thirty (30) days following the Initial Required
Effective Date,

     (A) the provisions of Section 2(b)(i) shall not apply; and

     (B) the provisions of Section 2(b)(ii) shall not apply to the fact that the
     Registration Statement was initially declared effective after the Initial
     Required Effective Date;

and the Company will not have any obligation to pay any Periodic Amount to the
Investor with respect thereto; provided, however, that the provisions of Section
2(b)(ii) shall continue to apply to all other events described therein.

        3.      OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY. In connection with the registration
of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall do each of the following:

        (a)     Prepare promptly, and file with the SEC by the Required Filing
Date a Registration Statement with respect to not less than the number of
Registrable Securities

                                       7
<PAGE>

provided in Section 2(a) above, and thereafter use its reasonable best efforts
to cause such Registration Statement relating to Registrable Securities to
become effective by the Required Effective Date and keep the Registration
Statement effective at all times during the period (the "Registration Period")
continuing until the earlier of (i) the date when the Investors may sell all
Registrable Securities under Rule 144 without volume or other restrictions or
limits or (ii) the date the Investors no longer own any of the Registrable
Securities, which Registration Statement (including any amendments or
supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading;

        (b)     Prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including
post-effective amendments) and supplements to the Registration Statement and the
prospectus used in connection with the Registration Statement as may be
necessary to keep the Registration Statement effective at all times during the
Registration Period, and, during the Registration Period, comply with the
provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all
Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration Statement
until such time as all of such Registrable Securities have been disposed of in
accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers
thereof as set forth in the Registration Statement;

        (c)     Permit a single firm of counsel designated by the Initial
Investors (which, until further notice, shall be deemed to be Krieger & Prager
LLP, Attn: Samuel Krieger, Esq., which firm has requested to receive such
notification; each, an "Investor's Counsel") to review the Registration
Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto a reasonable period of time
(but not less than three (3) Trading Days) prior to their filing with the SEC,
and not file any document in a form to which such counsel reasonably objects;

        (d)     Notify each Investor and the Investor's Counsel and any managing
underwriters immediately (and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than three
(3) Trading Days prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such person)
confirm such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the
day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement is proposed to be filed; (B) whenever
the SEC notifies the Company whether there will be a "review" of such
Registration Statement; (C) whenever the Company receives (or a representative
of the Company receives on its behalf) any oral or written comments from the SEC
in respect of a Registration Statement (copies or, in the case of oral comments,
summaries of such comments shall be promptly furnished by the Company to the
Investors); and (D) with respect to the Registration Statement or any
post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective; (ii) of any
request by the SEC or any other Federal or state governmental authority for
amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus or for
additional information; (iii) of the issuance by the SEC of any stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement covering any or all
of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any proceedings for that
purpose; (iv) if at any time any of the representations or warranties of the
Company contained in any agreement (including any underwriting agreement)
contemplated hereby ceases to be true and correct in all material respects; (v)
of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension
of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the

                                       8
<PAGE>

Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or
threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; and (vi) of the occurrence of
any event that to the best knowledge of the Company makes any statement made in
the Registration Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed
to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect or that
requires any revisions to the Registration Statement, Prospectus or other
documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus,
as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. In addition, the Company shall communicate with the
Investor's Counsel with regard to its proposed written responses to the comments
contemplated in clause (C) of this Section 3(d), so that, to the extent
practicable, the Investors shall have the opportunity to comment thereon;

        (e)     Furnish to each Investor and to Investor's Counsel (i) promptly
after the same is prepared and publicly distributed, filed with the SEC, or
received by the Company, one (1) copy of the Registration Statement, each
preliminary prospectus and prospectus, and each amendment or supplement thereto,
and (ii) such number of copies of a prospectus, and all amendments and
supplements thereto and such other documents, as such Investor may reasonably
request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities
owned by such Investor;

        (f)     As promptly as practicable after becoming aware thereof, notify
each Investor of the happening of any event of which the Company has knowledge,
as a result of which the prospectus included in the Registration Statement, as
then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading, and use its best efforts promptly to prepare a supplement or
amendment to the Registration Statement or other appropriate filing with the SEC
to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver a number of copies of
such supplement or amendment to each Investor as such Investor may reasonably
request;

        (g)     As promptly as practicable after becoming aware thereof, notify
each Investor who holds Registrable Securities being sold (or, in the event of
an underwritten offering, the managing underwriters) of the issuance by the SEC
of a Notice of Effectiveness or any notice of effectiveness or any stop order or
other suspension of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement at the
earliest possible time;

        (h)     Comply with Regulation FD or any similar rule or regulation
regarding the dissemination of information regarding the Company, and in
furtherance of the foregoing, and not in limitation thereof, not disclose to the
Investor any non-public material information regarding the Company;

        (i)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time or from time to
time after the date of effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Company
notifies the Investors in writing that the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement is suspended for any reason, whether due to a Potential Material Event
or otherwise, the Investors shall not offer or sell any Registrable

                                       9
<PAGE>

Securities, or engage in any other transaction involving or relating to the
Registrable Securities, from the time of the giving of such notice until such
Investor receives written notice from the Company that such the effectiveness of
the Registration Statement has been restored, whether because the Potential
Material Event has been disclosed to the public or it no longer constitutes a
Potential Material Event or otherwise; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Company may
not so suspend the right to such holders of Registrable Securities during the
periods the Registration Statement is required to be in effect other than during
a Permitted Suspension Period (and the applicable provisions of Section 2(b)
shall apply with respect to any such suspension other than during a Permitted
Suspension Period);

        (j)     Use its reasonable efforts to secure and maintain the
designation of all the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration
Statement on the Principal Trading Market and the quotation of the Registrable
Securities on the Principal Trading Market;

        (k)     Provide a transfer agent ("Transfer Agent") and registrar, which
may be a single entity, for the Registrable Securities not later than the
initial Effective Date;

        (l)     Cooperate with the Investors who hold Registrable Securities
being offered to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates
for the Registrable Securities to be offered pursuant to the Registration
Statement and enable such certificates for the Registrable Securities to be in
such denominations or amounts as the case may be, as the Investors may
reasonably request, and, within five (5) Trading Days after a Registration
Statement which includes Registrable Securities is ordered effective by the SEC,
the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel selected by the Company
to deliver, to the Transfer Agent for the Registrable Securities (with copies to
the Investors whose Registrable Securities are included in such Registration
Statement) an appropriate instruction and opinion of such counsel, which shall
include, without limitation, directions to the Transfer Agent to issue
certificates of Registrable Securities(including certificates for Registrable
Securities to be issued after the Effective Date and replacement certificates
for Registrable Securities previously issued) without legends or other
restrictions, subject to compliance with applicable law and other rules and
regulations, including, without limitation, prospectus delivery requirements;

        (m)     Take all other reasonable administrative steps and actions
(including the participation of Company counsel) necessary to expedite and
facilitate disposition by the Investor of the Registrable Securities pursuant to
the Registration Statement; provided, however, that the foregoing does not
require that the Company take any steps whatsoever regarding the identification
or selection of a broker to sell the Registrable Securities, the identification
of buyers of the Registrable Securities, or the negotiation of the sale terms of
the Registrable Securities; and

        (n)     Not file any other registration statement (other than the
Registration Statement and amendments thereto) during the period commencing on
the Closing Date and ending on the Effective Date.

        4.      OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTORS. In connection with the
registration of the Registrable Securities, the Investors shall have the
following obligations:

                                       10
<PAGE>

        (a)     Each Investor, by such Investor's acceptance of the Registrable
Securities, agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the
Company in connection with the preparation and filing of the Registration
Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company in writing of
such Investor's election to exclude all of such Investor's Registrable
Securities from the Registration Statement; and

        (b)     Each Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the
Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3(f), (g)
or (i) above, such Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of
Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement covering such
Registrable Securities until such Investor's receipt of the copies of the
supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3(f), (g) or (i),
and, if so directed by the Company, such Investor shall deliver to the Company
(at the expense of the Company) or destroy (and deliver to the Company a
certificate of destruction) all copies in such Investor's possession, of the
prospectus covering such Registrable Securities current at the time of receipt
of such notice.

        5.      EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION. All reasonable expenses (other than
underwriting discounts and commissions of the Investor) incurred in connection
with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Section 3, but
including, without limitation, all registration, listing, and qualifications
fees, printers and accounting fees, the fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company shall be borne by the Company. In addition, a fee for a single
counsel for the Investors (as a group and not individually) equal to $3,500 for
the review of each Registration Statement and $2,000 for the review of each
post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement shall be borne by the
Company.

        6.      INDEMNIFICATION. In the event any Registrable Securities are
included in a Registration Statement under this Agreement:

        (a)     To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify and
hold harmless each Investor who holds such Registrable Securities, the
directors, if any, of such Investor, the officers, if any, of such Investor, and
each Lender Control Person (each, an "Indemnified Party"), against any losses,
claims, damages, liabilities or expenses (joint or several) incurred
(collectively, "Claims") to which any of them may become subject under the
Securities Act, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act"), or otherwise, insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether
commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any
of the following statements, omissions or violations in the Registration
Statement, or any post-effective amendment thereof, or any prospectus included
therein: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereof
or the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
(ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the Company
files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission
or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the
statements therein were

                                       11
<PAGE>

made, not misleading or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company
of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or
regulation under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities
law (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) being, collectively
referred to as "Violations"). Subject to clause (b) of this Section 6, the
Company shall reimburse the Investors, promptly as such expenses are incurred
and are due and payable, for any legal fees or other reasonable expenses
incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification
agreement contained in this Section 6(a) shall not (I) apply to any Claim
arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in
conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf
of such Indemnified Party expressly for use in connection with the preparation
of the Registration Statement, any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto
or prospectus, if such prospectus (or supplement or amendment thereto) was
timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(b) hereof; (II) be
available to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the Investor to
deliver or cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by the Company or
the amendment or supplement thereto made available by the Company; (III) be
available to the extent such Claim is based on the delivery of a prospectus by
the Investor after receiving notice from the Company under Section 3(f), (g) or
(i) hereof (other than a notice regarding the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto), or (IV) apply to amounts paid
in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior
written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed. The Investor will indemnify the Company and its officers, directors
and agents (each, an "Indemnified Party") against any claims arising out of or
based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with
information furnished in writing to the Company, by or on behalf of such
Investor, expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the
Registration Statement or the amendment or supplement thereto, subject to such
limitations and conditions as are applicable to the indemnification provided by
the Company pursuant to this Section 6. Such indemnity shall remain in full
force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the
Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities
by the Investors pursuant to Section 9.

        (b)     Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Party under this
Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action (including any
governmental action), such Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in respect
thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6,
deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof
and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the
extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying
party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel
satisfactory to the indemnifying party (provided such counsel shall not have a
conflict of interest with the Indemnified Party and provided that all defenses
available to the Indemnified Party can be maintained without prejudicing the
rights of the indemnifying party). In case any such action is brought against
any Indemnified Party, and it notifies the indemnifying party of the
commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in,
and, to the extent that it may wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party
similarly notified, assume the defense thereof, subject to the provisions herein
stated and after notice from the indemnifying party to such Indemnified Party of
its election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party will not
be liable to such

                                       12
<PAGE>

Indemnified Party under this Section 6 for any legal or other reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses subsequently incurred by such Indemnified Party in
connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of
investigation, unless the indemnifying party shall not pursue the action to its
final conclusion. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and to participate in the defense thereof, but the
fees and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of such counsel shall not be at the
expense of the indemnifying party if the indemnifying party has assumed the
defense of the action with counsel as provided above. The failure to deliver
written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the
commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any
liability to the Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the extent
that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.
The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic
payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or
defense, as such expense, loss, damage or liability is incurred and is due and
payable; provided, however, that the Investor shall not obligated to make any
indemnification payment to the Company under this Section 6 unless and until
there has been a final adjudication of liability on the part of the Investor.

        7.      CONTRIBUTION. To the extent any indemnification by an
indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party
agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect to any amounts for which it
would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by
law; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that (a) no contribution shall be made under
circumstances where the maker would not have been liable for indemnification
under the fault standards set forth in Section 6; (b) no seller of Registrable
Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section
11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller
of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of such fraudulent
misrepresentation; and (c) except where the seller has committed fraud (other
than a fraud by reason of the information included or omitted from the
Registration Statement as to which the Company has not given notice as
contemplated under Section 3 hereof) or intentional misconduct, contribution by
any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net
amount of proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable
Securities.

        8.      REPORTS UNDER SECURITIES ACT AND EXCHANGE ACT. With a view to
making available to Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the
Securities Act or any other similar rule or regulation of the SEC that may at
any time permit Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without
Registration ("Rule 144"), the Company agrees to:

        (a)     make and keep public information available, as those terms are
understood and defined in Rule 144;

        (b)     file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other
documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act;
and

        (c)     furnish to the Investor so long as the Investor owns Registrable
Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company that
it has complied with the reporting requirements of Rule 144, the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act, (ii) if not available

                                       13
<PAGE>

on the SEC's EDGAR system, a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report
of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company and
(iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the
Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without Registration; and

        (d)     at the request of any Investor holding Registrable Securities (a
"Holder"), give its Transfer Agent instructions (supported by an opinion of
Company counsel, if required or requested by the Transfer Agent) to the effect
that, upon the Transfer Agent's receipt from such Holder of

     (i) a certificate (a "Rule 144 Certificate") certifying (A) that the
     Holder's holding period (as determined in accordance with the provisions of
     Rule 144) for the shares of Registrable Securities which the Holder
     proposes to sell (the "Securities Being Sold") is not less than (1) year
     and (B) as to such other matters as may be appropriate in accordance with
     Rule 144 under the Securities Act, and

    (ii) an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Company (for which purposes it
    is agreed that the initial Investor's Counsel shall be deemed acceptable if
    not given by Company Counsel) that, based on the Rule 144 Certificate,
    Securities Being Sold may be sold pursuant to the provisions of Rule 144,
    even in the absence of an effective Registration Statement,

the Transfer Agent is to effect the transfer of the Securities Being Sold and
issue to the buyer(s) or transferee(s) thereof one or more stock certificates
representing the transferred Securities Being Sold without any restrictive
legend and without recording any restrictions on the transferability of such
shares on the Transfer Agent's books and records (except to the extent any such
legend or restriction results from facts other than the identity of the Holder,
as the seller or transferor thereof, or the status, including any relevant
legends or restrictions, of the shares of the Securities Being Sold while held
by the Holder). If the Transfer Agent reasonably requires any additional
documentation at the time of the transfer, the Company shall deliver or cause to
be delivered all such reasonable additional documentation as may be necessary to
effectuate the issuance of an unlegended certificate.

        9.      ASSIGNMENT OF THE REGISTRATION RIGHTS. The rights to have the
Company register Registrable Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be
automatically assigned by the Investor to any transferee of the Registrable
Securities (or all or any portion of any Unconverted Debentures) only if the
Company is, within a reasonable time after such transfer or assignment,
furnished with written notice of (a) the name and address of such transferee or
assignee, (b) the securities with respect to which such registration rights are
being transferred or assigned, and (c) written evidence of the transferee's
assumption of the Investor's obligations under this Agreement.

        10.     AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS. Any provision of this
Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof may be waived (either
generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or
prospectively), only with the written consent of the Company and Investors who
hold at least eighty (80%) percent interest of the Registrable Securities (as

                                       14
<PAGE>

calculated by the principal amount of the Unconverted Debentures then held by
all Holders). Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section
10 shall be binding upon each Investor and the Company.

        11.     MISCELLANEOUS.

        (a)     A person or entity is deemed to be a holder of Registrable
Securities whenever such person or entity owns of record such Registrable
Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or
elections from two or more persons or entities with respect to the same
Registrable Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions,
notice or election received from the registered owner of such Registrable
Securities.

        (b)     Notices required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
given in the manner contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement, (i) if to
the Company or to the Initial Investor, to their respective address contemplated
by the Securities Purchase Agreement, and (ii) if to any other Investor, at such
address as such Investor shall have provided in writing to the Company, or at
such other address as each such party furnishes by notice given in accordance
with this Section 11(b).

        (c)     Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this
Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy,
shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

        (d)     This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York for contracts to be wholly
performed in such state and without giving effect to the principles thereof
regarding the conflict of laws. Each of the parties consents to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the federal courts whose districts encompass any part of the
County of New York or the state courts of the State of New York sitting in the
County of New York in connection with any dispute arising under this Agreement
and hereby waives, to the maximum extent permitted by law, any objection,
including any objection based on FORUM NON COVENIENS, to the bringing of any
such proceeding in such jurisdictions.

        (e)     The Company and the Investor hereby waive a trial by jury in any
action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by either of the parties hereto
against the other in respect of any matter arising out of or in connection with
this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Agreements.

        (f)     If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement or the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.

        (g)     Subject to the requirements of Section 9 hereof, this Agreement
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of
each of the parties hereto.

                                       15
<PAGE>

        (h)     All pronouns and any variations thereof refer to the masculine,
feminine or neuter, singular or plural, as the context may require.

        (i)     The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference
only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning thereof.

        (j)     This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and
the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered
to the other party hereto by telephone line facsimile transmission of a copy of
this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

        (k)     The Company acknowledges that any failure by the Company to
perform its obligations under Section 3(a) hereof, or any delay in such
performance could result in loss to the Investors, and the Company agrees that,
in addition to any other liability the Company may have by reason of such
failure or delay, the Company shall be liable for all direct damages caused by
any such failure or delay, unless the same is the result of force majeure.
Neither party shall be liable for consequential damages.

        (l)     This Agreement (including to the extent relevant the provisions
of other Transaction Agreements) constitutes the entire agreement among the
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter hereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or
undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]






                                       16
<PAGE>

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly
executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day
and year first above written.


                                    COMPANY:
                                    AMBIENT CORPORATION


                                         By:/s/ John J. Joyce

                                         John J. Joyce
                                         (Print Name)

                                         Chief Executive Officer
                                         (Title)


                                    INITIAL INVESTOR:

                                    ______________________________________
                                      [PRINT NAME OF INITIAL INVESTOR]

                                    By: __________________________________
                                    Name: ________________________________
                                    Title: _______________________________





                                       17
<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE 10

SHARES WHICH MAY BE INCLUDED IN THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT

The shares included in the Company's  registration  statement on Form SB-2 which
was declared  effective by the SEC on or about  November 14, 2003 and which have
not yet been sold by the selling stockholders named therein.  (All of the shares
contemplated  by paragraph 2 reflect  shares or rights  issued prior to the date
hereof.)











                                       18

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tex99_1-4412.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

[LOGO] AMBIENT
       communications for a new world


                                                           FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE


          AMBIENT RAISES PROCEEDS OF $5.5 MILLION IN PRIVATE PLACEMENT

                            MANHATTAN PILOT UNDERWAY


BOSTON, MA, DECEMBER 28, 2004 - AMBIENT CORPORATION (OTCBB: ABTG), a leader in
Power Line Communications (PLC) today announced that it has received net
proceeds, after payment of offering related fees and expenses, of $4.9 million
through the private placement of its three year 6% Convertible Debentures to
institutional and individual investors. The proceeds will be used to expand and
further accelerate Ambient's commercialization efforts, broaden its sales
channels and increase its working capital.

"We are encouraged with the positive response to this Offering," stated John
Joyce, CEO of Ambient. "Our investors have continued to show their belief in
Ambient and the viability of PLC technology."

Ambient's pilot project within a high rise apartment building in Manhattan is
now underway. With the completion of the Offering, Ambient is now able to step
up efforts to bring high-speed PLC broadband to a location in upper Manhattan.
Various utility applications, such as load management/load control are also
among the suite of projected applications to be included in this pilot.

"We are pleased that Ambient now has the resources to accelerate the
implementation efforts of our pilot in Manhattan," said Garry Betty, CEO of
EarthLink (NASDAQ: ELNK). "This is an important project to all partners involved
as well as the PLC industry in general."

The Convertible Debentures are convertible into shares of Ambient's common stock
at an initial conversion rate of $0.25 per share. Interest on the Debentures
accrues at the rate of 6% per annum and is payable bi-annually, in cash or
shares of common stock, at Ambient's option. Unless converted earlier, the
Debentures are scheduled to automatically convert on the third anniversary of
issuance into shares of Ambient's common stock. As part of this transaction, the
investors also received three-year warrants to purchase up to a total of 22
million shares of common stock at a per share exercise price of $0.50. Ambient
has undertaken to file within 30 days of closing a registration statement
covering the common stock underlying the Convertible Debentures and the related
warrants. Other details relating to the Convertible Debentures will be included
in Ambient's Current Report on Form 8-K that is being filed contemporaneously
with this release.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of
an offer to buy securities.

<PAGE>

ABOUT AMBIENT CORPORATION
Ambient Corporation (OTC BB: ABTG) is a development stage company engaged in the
design, development and marketing of equipment and technologies that utilize
existing electrical power medium voltage and low voltage distribution lines as a
medium for the delivery of broadband and other communication services. The use
of an electric power distribution system as a high-speed communication medium is
commonly referred to as "power line communications" or "broadband over power
lines." Visit us at WWW.AMBIENTCORP.COM.



THIS PRESS RELEASE MAY CONTAIN FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT INVOLVE RISKS AND
UNCERTAINTIES. THESE STATEMENTS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM ACTUAL FUTURE EVENTS
OR RESULTS. READERS ARE REFERRED TO THE DOCUMENTS FILED BY AMBIENT CORPORATION
WITH THE SEC, INCLUDING THE COMPANY'S MOST RECENT REPORT ON FORM 10-KSB AND
10-QSB, WHICH IDENTIFY IMPORTANT RISK FACTORS THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO
DIFFER FROM THOSE CONTAINED IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. AMBIENT IS A
TRADEMARK OF AMBIENT CORPORATION REGISTERED IN THE U.S. PATENT AND TRADEMARK
OFFICE.


                                      # # #

MEDIA CONTACTS:

AMBIENT CORPORATION
Anna E. Croop
Project & Marketing Manager
(617) 332-0004
anna.croop@ambientcorp.com


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
