

                                                                 Exhibit 99.2


                          PRESS RELEASE

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                   CONTACT:
- ---------------------                   -------

December 23, 2004                       Frank D. Martz
                                        Group Senior Vice President of
                                        Operations and Secretary
                                        (724) 758-5584



             ESB FINANCIAL CORPORATION COMPLETES ITS
         REPURCHASE PROGRAM AND AUTHORIZES AN ADDITIONAL
         STOCK REPURCHASE PROGRAM OF UP TO 533,700 SHARES
         ------------------------------------------------


Ellwood City, Pennsylvania. ESB Financial Corporation (Nasdaq:
ESBF) announced today that the Company's Board of Directors has
authorized a repurchase program for the repurchase of up to
533,700 shares, or five percent, of the Company's outstanding
common stock.  The Company has completed its previously announced
repurchase program in the amount of 515,529 shares.

Repurchases are authorized to be made by the Company from time to
time in open-market or privately-negotiated transactions as, in
the opinion of management, market conditions warrant.  The
repurchased shares will be held as treasury stock and may be
reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company's stock benefit
plans.

Charlotte A. Zuschlag, President and Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, stated, "The ongoing repurchase program reflects
management's belief that the current price of the Company's
common stock does not adequately reflect the Company's long-term
business and earnings prospects.  The Company is fortunate to
have the financial flexibility that allows it to demonstrate its
commitment to and confidence in its future prospects."

ESB Financial Corporation is the parent holding company for ESB
Bank and offers a wide variety of financial products and services
through 17 offices in the contiguous counties of Allegheny,
Lawrence, Beaver and Butler in Pennsylvania. The common stock of
ESB is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market, National Market System
under the symbol "ESBF."  ESB makes available on its website,
which is located at www.esbbank.com, its annual reports on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form
8-K on the date such reports are electronically filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

Statements contained in this news release that are not historical
facts are forward-looking statements as that term is defined in
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Such
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those
currently anticipated due to a number of factors.

                              -End-



