
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1

Vertrue to Acquire My Choice Medical Holdings, Inc.

    STAMFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 23, 2004--Vertrue
Incorporated (the "Company") (Nasdaq: VTRU), a leading marketing
solutions company, today announced it has entered into an agreement to
acquire certain of the assets of My Choice Medical Holdings, Inc.
("MCM"), a privately held advertising and practice management company
serving cosmetic surgeons throughout the United States.

    MCM was founded in 2001 and developed a proprietary business model
that enables it to develop and manage patient flows for elective
cosmetic surgeries on behalf of physicians. Its business model is
geared towards internet advertising and practice management services
for doctors.

    Vertrue has agreed to pay $33 million in cash at closing. In
addition, contingent payments may be paid if certain performance
targets, including increasing levels of revenue and earnings, are
achieved over the next three calendar years. The contingent payments
will not exceed $56 million. The transaction is subject to customary
closing conditions and is expected to be completed before January 31,
2005. The acquisition is expected to be accretive to fiscal 2005 and
2006 earnings.

    "The acquisition of MCM brings another valuable service provider
into the Vertrue family," said Gary Johnson, President and CEO of
Vertrue. "Their expertise in internet advertising and practice
management expands our offerings and cross marketing opportunities and
enables us to provide physicians with a unique service. This
acquisition positions Vertrue in the fast-growing cosmetic surgery
market and continues our expansion of direct to consumer services."

    Gerry Powell, President of MCM said, "We are excited about
becoming part of the Vertrue family. With Vertrue's direct marketing
expertise and capital, we will be able to expand our reach in order to
accelerate our growth."

    About Vertrue

    Headquartered in Stamford, Conn., Vertrue Incorporated is a
category leader in both membership and loyalty programs, bringing
value direct to consumers through an array of benefits in healthcare,
discounts, security and personals. With broad online and offline
distribution capabilities, Vertrue offers its corporate client
partners effective tools to enhance market presence, strengthen
customer affinity and generate additional value.

    About MCM

    My Choice Medical Holdings, Inc. is a medical practice management
and marketing company focused on the elective specialties. The company
currently manages over 90 plastic surgery centers throughout the
continental United States making it the largest company of its type in
the country. My Choice Medical contracts with board certified surgeons
only.

    Any statements herein regarding the business of the Company that
are not historical are "forward looking statements" that are intended
to qualify for the safe harbor provisions from liability provided by
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward looking
statements include, but are not limited to, any projections of
earnings, revenues or other financial items; any statements of the
Company's plans, strategies or objectives for future operations;
statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; and
any statements of belief or expectation. All forward looking
statements rely on assumptions and are subject to various risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from expectations. Risks and uncertainties that could affect the
Company's future results include general economic and business
conditions, the level of demand for the Company's products and
services, increased competition and regulatory and legal matters and
uncertainties. Additional discussion of these and other factors that
could cause actual results to differ from those intended is contained
in the Company's most recent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual
report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC.

    CONTACT: Vertrue Incorporated
             James B. Duffy, 203-324-7635

