
                                                                    Exhibit 99.1




               Metris to Make $25 Million Prepayment on Term Loan

MINNETONKA, Minn. (Dec. 21, 2004) - Metris Companies Inc. (NYSE: MXT) announced
today that it has notified the administrative agent of its senior secured credit
agreement, which is due May 2007, that Metris intends to make an optional
prepayment of $25 million to its lenders. The payment will be made on Wednesday,
Dec. 22, 2004. An optional prepayment of this loan requires a 5 percent
prepayment premium to be paid to the lenders.

This is the second optional prepayment Metris has made in the past 30 days. The
Company also made a $50 million prepayment on Nov. 23, 2004. As a result of
these prepayments, the amount remaining of the original term loan will be $225
million.

"We're pleased that our strong cash position enables us to make another
prepayment toward this loan," said Metris Treasurer Scott Fjellman. "This early
payment further decreases our debt levels and will reduce our interest expense
going forward. In 2005, we will continue to look for opportunities to lower our
leverage and the cost of our debt."

Metris Companies Inc., based in Minnetonka, Minn., is one of the largest
bankcard issuers in the United States. The company issues credit cards through
Direct Merchants Credit Card Bank, N.A., a wholly owned subsidiary headquartered
in Phoenix, Ariz. For more information, visit www.metriscompanies.com or
www.directmerchantsbank.com.

Certain information discussed in this press release may constitute
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities law.
Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions by management and
are subject to risks, trends and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These risks
and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, our high liquidity
requirement and our need to enter into financing transactions on a regular
basis; the risk of reduced funding availability and increased funding costs; the
higher delinquency and charge-off rates of our targeted middle-market consumers
as compared to higher income consumers; the risk that certain events could
result in early amortization (required repayment) of the securities issued by
the Metris Master Trust; the risk that the recent improvement in our delinquency
and charge-off rates may not continue; the risk that Direct Merchants Bank's
regulators could impose additional restrictions that could negatively impact our
operations or financial condition, including further restrictions or limitations
relating to Direct Merchants Bank's minimum capital and credit loss reserve
requirements and its ability to pay distributions to us; risks associated with
Direct Merchants Bank's ability to operate in accordance with its regulatory
restrictions, including those in its modified operating agreement with the OCC;
the risk that we could be required to provide support to Direct Merchants Bank;
risks associated with fluctuations in the value of and income earned from our
retained interests in securitizations; interest rate risk, including the risk of
adverse changes in the interest rates on the funds we borrow and the amounts we
loan to our credit card customers; risks associated with the intense competition
we face; the effect of laws and regulations that apply to us, or adverse changes
in those laws or regulations, including, among others, laws and regulations that
limit the fees and charges that we are allowed to impose, regulate our practices
for collection and sharing of non-public customer information, govern the sale
and terms of products and services we offer and require that we obtain and
maintain licenses and qualifications; the risk that we may be adversely affected
by litigation involving us, by our ongoing SEC and OCC investigations or by the
IRS's examination of our treatment of certain credit card fees as original issue
discount; the effects of our previous restatements of our financial results; the
impact of recent decisions in the antitrust litigation involving MasterCard(R)
and Visa(R) and other industry-wide risks including, among others, the risk of
fraud by cardholders and third parties and the risk of decreased consumer
acceptance of credit card products; and general economic conditions that can
have a negative impact on the performance of credit card loans and the marketing
of our credit protection, insurance and other products.

For further information on risks that could impact us and statements in this
press release, please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including our current reports on Form 8-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q and annual reports on Form 10-K, as amended.

Scott Fjellman                         Jeff Grosklags
Senior Vice President                  Senior Vice President
Treasurer                              Investor/Public Relations
Phone: 952.358.4508                    Phone: 952.525.5074
Fax: 952.593.4733                      Fax: 952.358.4606

