
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

  America Service Group Announces Finalization of New Contract with
         New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene

    BRENTWOOD, Tenn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 27, 2004--America Service
Group Inc. (NASDAQ:ASGR) announced today that its operating
subsidiary, Prison Health Services, Inc. (PHS), has finalized its new
contract with the New York City (NYC) Department of Health and Mental
Hygiene to provide comprehensive medical, mental health, dental and
ancillary services to inmates in the custody of the New York City
Department of Correction.
    The new three-year "cost plus fixed fee" contract commences
January 1, 2005. It may be extended by the client for up to an
additional three years. Annual revenues under the contract are
expected to be approximately $100 million in 2005. PHS has held the
current contract to provide these services since January 1, 2001.
    America Service Group Inc., based in Brentwood, Tennessee, is the
leading provider of correctional healthcare services in the United
States. America Service Group Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides
a wide range of healthcare and pharmacy programs to government
agencies for the medical care of inmates.

    This press release may contain "forward-looking" statements made
pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the Company's beliefs and
expectations of future performance, the effects of any stock split or
the payments of dividends and may be indicated by words or phrases
such as "anticipate," "estimate," "plans," "expects," "projects,"
"should," "will," "believes" or "intends" and similar words and
phrases. As such, they involve risk and uncertainty that actual
results may differ materially from those projected in the
forward-looking statements including, without limitation, risks
related to the following: the Company's ability to retain existing
client contracts and obtain new contracts; whether or not government
agencies continue to privatize correctional healthcare services;
increased competition for new contracts and renewals of existing
contracts; the Company's ability to execute its expansion strategies;
the Company's ability to limit its exposure for catastrophic illnesses
and injuries in excess of amounts covered under contracts or insurance
coverage; the outcome of pending litigation; and the Company's
dependence on key personnel. A discussion of these important factors
and assumptions regarding the statements and risks involved is
contained in the Company's annual report on Form 10-K and other
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These
forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this release.
The Company assumes no obligations to update or revise them or provide
reasons why actual results may differ.

    CONTACT: America Service Group Inc., Brentwood
             Michael Catalano, 615-373-3100
             or
             Michael W. Taylor, 615-373-3100

